<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1758488_0000950170-23-005914.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27529916</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>350629</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8670219</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10351620</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2823344</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4827199</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005914.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303092431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005914
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001758488
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEMBERSHIP SPORTS & RECREATION CLUBS [7997]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			C5
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38843
		FILM NUMBER:		23701925

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LOBOSKY MANAGEMENT CO. LTD., OFFICE #2
		STREET 2:		AIRPORT INDUSTRIAL PARK, BOX N-624
		CITY:			NASSAU
		STATE:			C5
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		242-322-2670

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LOBOSKY MANAGEMENT CO. LTD., OFFICE #2
		STREET 2:		AIRPORT INDUSTRIAL PARK, BOX N-624
		CITY:			NASSAU
		STATE:			C5
		ZIP:			0000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005914.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 osw-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Commonwealth of The 
 
 Not Applicable 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Harry B. Sands, Lobosky Management Co. Ltd. , Island of New Providence, Commonwealth of The 
 
 Not Applicable 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common shares held by non-affiliates was as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022, which is the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each director and executive officer and by each entity or person that, to the registrant s knowledge, owned 10 or more of the registrant s outstanding common shares as of June 30, 2022 have been excluded from this number in that these persons may be deemed affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive for other purposes. 
 As of February 25, 2023, the registrant had voting shares and non-voting shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 16 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 32 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 32 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 32 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 32 

PART II 
 32 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 32 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 34 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 37 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 47 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 49 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 49 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 49 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 49 

PART III 
 49 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 49 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 49 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 50 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 50 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 50 

PART IV 
 51 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 51 

i 

OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited OneSpaWorld, the Company, we, our, us and other similar terms refer to OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries). 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 From time to time, including in this report and other disclosures, we may issue forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We attempt, whenever possible, to identify these statements by using words like will, may, could, should, would, believe, expect, anticipate, forecast, future, intend, plan, estimate and similar expressions of future intent or the negative of such terms. 
 
 Such forward-looking statements include statements impacted by or statements regarding: 
 the continuing impact of COVID-19 on the industries in which the Company operates and the Company s business, operations, results of operations and financial condition, including cash flows and liquidity; 

the demand for the Company s services together with the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors or changes in the business environment in which the Company operates; 

changes in consumer preferences or the markets for the Company s services and products; 

changes in applicable laws or regulations; 

competition for the Company s services and the availability of competition for opportunities for expansion of the Company s business; 

difficulties of managing growth profitably; 

the loss of one or more members of the Company s management team; 

changes in the market for the products we offer for sale; 

other risks and uncertainties included from time to time in the Company s reports (including all amendments to those reports) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

other risks and uncertainties indicated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those set forth under the section entitled Risk Factors and 

other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target or similar expressions. 

These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this report and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 As a result of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. For a discussion of the risks involved in our business and investing in our common shares, see the section entitled Risk Factors . 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 1 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 
 General 
 At our core, we are a global services company. With over 90 market share in the historically highly attractive outsourced maritime health and wellness market, we are the market leader at more than 20x the size of our closest maritime competitor. Over the last 50 years, we have built our leading market position on our depth of staff expertise; broad and innovative service and product offerings; expansive global recruitment, training and logistics platform; and decades-long relationships with cruise line and destination resort partners. Throughout our history, our mission has been simple: helping guests look and feel their best during and after their stay. We serve a critical role for our cruise line and destination resort partners, operating a complex and increasingly important aspect of their overall guest experience. Decades of investment and know-how have allowed us to construct an unmatched global infrastructure to manage the complexity of our operations. We have consistently expanded our onboard offerings with innovative, leading-edge service and product introductions, and developed a powerful back-end recruiting, training and logistics platform to manage our operational complexity, maintain our industry-leading quality standards and maximize revenue per center. The combination of our renowned recruiting and training platform, deep labor pool, global logistics and supply chain infrastructure and proven revenue management capabilities represents a significant competitive advantage that we believe is not economically feasible to replicate. These competitive advantages have served our business well during these extremely challenging times for our industry. 
 Impact of Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 In the face of the global impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, our cruise line partners paused their guest cruise operations and the majority of our U.S. and Caribbean-based destination resort spas temporarily closed in mid-March 2020. During 2021, we initiated our resumption of spa operations on cruise ships and in destination resorts in a phased manner, in concert with our cruise line and resort partners. The potential continuing extent of the effects of COVID-19 on our business is uncertain and will depend on future developments. As of February 25, 2023, our health and wellness centers on 177 ships of our cruise line partners and in 49 destination resort spas were operating as part of our continuing return to service. 
 We took a number of proactive measures to mitigate the financial and operational impacts of COVID-19, including completing a private placement and various capital market transactions, reduction of capital expenditures and operating expenses, borrowing on our revolving credit facility, deferring payment of dividends declared, and the suspension of our dividend program. To the extent necessary, we will continue to pursue other opportunities to improve our liquidity. 
 Our Business 
 The majority of our revenue and profits are earned through long-term revenue sharing agreements with cruise line partners that economically align both parties and contribute to our attractive asset-light financial profile. These agreements average approximately six years in length and provide us with the exclusive right to offer health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and the ability to sell complementary products onboard the ships we serve. Under these long-term agreements, cruise line partners retain a specified percentage of revenues from all our sales onboard. This inherent alignment encourages collaboration in all aspects of our operations, including facility design, product innovation, pre- and post-cruise sales opportunities, capacity utilization initiatives and other data-driven strategies to drive increased guest traffic and revenue growth. Most of our cruise line agreements encompass 100 of a partner cruise line s existing fleet and all new ships introduced by the cruise line during the term of the agreement. As opposed to fixed-rent landlords, cruise lines and destination resorts serve as our aligned economic partners. 
 We are recognized by our cruise line and destination resort partners and our guests for our comprehensive suite of services and products. We curate and deliver a broad range of offerings centered on providing specific health, fitness, beauty, and wellness solutions to meet our guests lifestyle routines or objectives. These services include: (i) traditional body, salon, and skin care services and products; (ii) self-service fitness facilities, specialized fitness classes and personal fitness training; (iii) innovative pain management, detoxifying programs and comprehensive body composition analyses; (iv) weight management programs and products; and (v) advanced medi-spa services, among others. We also offer our guests access to leading beauty and wellness brands including ELEMIS , K rastase , BOTOX Cosmetic, Dysport , Restylane , Perlane , Thermage , CoolSculpting , truSculpt 3D, and truSculpt iD, with many brands offered exclusively by us in the cruise market. On average, during the year ended December 31, 2022, guests spent approximately 270 per visit. Additionally, our solution sales approach drives substantial retail sales, with approximately 18 of our revenues derived from the sale of retail products during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our state-of-the-art health, fitness, beauty and wellness centers are designed and branded for each cruise line and destination resort to optimize the guest experience, align with our partners overall hospitality atmosphere and maximize productivity. During the 
 2 

year ended December 31, 2022, centers employed up to 79 highly trained professionals and ranged in size up to over 30,000 square feet, depending on the cruise line or destination resort partner s needs. 
 Our cruise line relationships average over 20 years and encompass substantially all of the major global cruise lines, including Carnival Cruise Line, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Princess Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Lines, Celebrity Cruises, Costa Cruises and Holland America, among many others, as well as recent additions to the industry, such as Virgin Voyages. These partnerships extend across contemporary, premium, luxury and budget cruise lines that operate ships regionally and globally. We maintain what we believe to be an exceptional contract renewal rate with our cruise line partners, having renewed approximately 94 of our contracts based on ship count over the last 15 years, including 100 of our contracts with ships larger than 3,500 berths. We have not only maintained relationships with existing cruise line partners, but also have a history of winning contracts and gaining market share. In August 2021, we extended our current agreement with Azamara through May 2026. In November 2022, we extended our current agreement with Norwegian Cruise Lines through December 2029 for all ships across their three brands. On land, we have longstanding relationships with the world s leading destination hotel and resort operators, including Marriott, Hilton, Wyndham, Atlantis, ClubMed, Caesars Entertainment, Lotte, Loews, Four Seasons, and Mohegan Sun, among others. 
 Our Operations and Performance 
 We are a Bahamian international business company that earns a substantial portion of our revenue in low- or no-tax jurisdictions, benefiting from a comparatively low effective cash tax rate. Additionally, we have minimal capital expenditures, as our cruise line and destination resort partners typically fund the build-out, maintenance, and refurbishment of our health and wellness centers. The combination of our attractive tax rate and asset-light operating model leads to a financial profile that delivers comparatively high Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow. Annually, from fiscal 2017 through 2019, and post-pandemic, in fiscal 2022, we converted approximately 90 of our Adjusted EBITDA to Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow. 
 Historically, with the exception of the adverse impact of the recent pandemic discussed elsewhere herein, and since the resumption of our spa operations on cruise ships and in destination resorts, we have driven strong financial performance and believe our leading market position in a growing industry, differentiated business model, and entrenched cruise line and destination resort partner relationships position our business for continued growth. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we achieved revenues of 546.3 million, Adjusted EBITDA of 50.4 million, Net Income of 53.2 million and Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow of 45.1 million. 
 Attractive Market Opportunity 
 
 We operate at the intersection of the historically attractive health and wellness and travel leisure industries. We believe we are well-positioned to grow as the cruise industry continues to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Historical Cruise Industry Growth 
 
 Prior to COVID-19, the cruise industry had been among the fastest-growing segments in the travel leisure industry, including through the recessions of 2001 and 2008-2010. We estimate, based on annual statistics published by Cruise Lines International Association CLIA ), that global passenger counts had grown every year until 2020 from approximately 6.3 million passengers in 1995 to an all-time high of approximately 30.0 million passengers in 2019, representing a compound annual growth rate of 6.7 . This passenger growth had been driven by consistent, significant investments in new cruise ship capacity, strong loyalty among experienced cruisers and the large and growing appeal of cruising to all demographics, including millennials. From 2018 to 2020, the Caribbean, Bahamas and Bermuda were the top cruise destinations, representing 44 of passenger volume during that period, according to the CLIA. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly adversely affected, and continues to affect, passenger volume in the global cruise industry, passenger volume has started to recover since a number of cruise lines restarted their operations beginning in July 2021. In its most recently published State of the Cruise Industry Outlook, CLIA forecasted passenger volume to exceed 2019 levels by the end of 2022 or 2023, and reported the results of a survey of international vacationers indicating that 80 of respondents who had previously been on a cruise said that they were likely to cruise again in the next few years, with millennials representing 85 of the cruise passenger respondents who plan to cruise again. New consumer sentiment data released by CLIA during the third quarter of 2022 indicated that the demand and perception of cruise holidays are now greater than in 2019. 
 
 Historically Large and Growing Health and Wellness Industry 
 
 Our health and wellness centers cater to guests seeking a continuation of their health, fitness, beauty and wellness activities while traveling and those who want to trial services while away from home. As consumers increasingly incorporate health and wellness activities into their daily lives, they are placing a higher priority on health and wellness services while traveling and vacationing. In its most recently published State of the Cruise Industry Outlook, CLIA forecasted passenger volume to exceed 2019 
 3 

levels by the end of 2022 or 2023, and reported the results of a survey of international vacationers indicating that 80 of respondents who had previously been on a cruise said that they were likely to cruise again in the next few years. Seasoned cruise passengers are joined by millennials, representing 85 of the respondents who plan to cruise again. New consumer sentiment data released by CLIA during the third quarter of 2022 indicated that the demand and perception of cruise holidays are now greater than in 2019. 
 
 Our Evolution 
 
 Our history dates back to the early 1960 s, when we opened the world s first salons at sea onboard transatlantic cruise ships, including the Queen Mary and Queen Elizabeth II. Over more than 50 years, we have continuously defined and redefined the onboard health, fitness, beauty and wellness category by consistently expanding our onboard offerings with innovative and leading-edge service and product introductions, while developing the powerful back-end recruiting, training and logistics platforms to manage and optimize the complexity of our operations and maintain our industry-leading quality standards. We have successfully evolved the onboard health, fitness, beauty and wellness category from what was once a consumer-centric amenity for passengers to a key onboard revenue driver for our cruise line partners. 
 In 2015, a consortium led by L Catterton acquired Steiner Leisure, the holding company of OneSpaWorld at that time. Since then, OneSpaWorld has strengthened its already proven platform by leveraging L Catterton s expertise in consumer services, consumer products, multi-unit retail operations and customer acquisition, among other expertise. OneSpaWorld has enhanced collaboration with its cruise line and destination resort partners to reinforce its market leading position and introduced innovative revenue initiatives to accelerate its revenue growth. Key recent initiatives include: 
 continued innovation in our service and product offerings, coupled with enhanced consultative sales training techniques, resulting in a shifting revenue mix toward higher value-add and higher priced services, higher-priced products, and higher attachment rates for product purchases in connection with a guest service; 

enhancing and expanding collaboration with cruise line and destination resort partners; 

expanding pre-marketing, pre-booking and pre-payment platforms with optimal positioning on cruise line websites; 

employing data-driven, dynamic pricing of services to optimize facility utilization and revenue generation; and 

incorporating advanced direct marketing programs, including personalized communications and value promotions, to drive consumer demand. 

On March 19, 2019 (the Business Combination Date ), OneSpaWorld consummated a business combination pursuant to a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018 (as amended on January 7, 2019, by Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement), by and among Steiner Leisure Limited SLL , Steiner Leisure, Steiner, or Parent ), Steiner U.S. Holdings, Inc., Nemo (UK) Holdco, Ltd., Steiner UK Limited, Steiner Management Services, LLC, Haymaker Acquisition Corp. Haymaker ), OneSpaWorld, Dory US Merger Sub, LLC, Dory Acquisition Sub, Limited, Dory Intermediate LLC, and Dory Acquisition Sub, Inc. (the Business Combination ), in which Haymaker acquired from Steiner operating business known as OSW Predecessor OSW ). Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, OneSpaWorld was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Steiner Leisure. On the Business Combination Date, OneSpaWorld became the ultimate parent company of the Haymaker and OSW company. 
 Prior to the cessation of our cruise line and land-based destination resort operations due to COVID-19, our comprehensive suite of premium health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and products reached more consumers than ever before, with 175 centers onboard cruise ships addressing a captive audience of over 20 million passengers annually, and 68 destination resort centers serving global travelers at premier destination resorts around the world. 
 Our Strengths 
 
 Despite the recent impacts of COVID-19 on the travel leisure industry and our business, we believe that our competitive strengths historically have positioned us, and will continue to position us, as a leader in the hospitality-based health and wellness industry and the category dominant leader in the cruise industry. 
 
 Global Leader in the Hospitality-Based Health and Wellness Industry 
 
 4 

As the pre-eminent global operator of health and wellness centers onboard cruise ships and a leading operator of health and wellness centers at destination resorts worldwide, we are at the center of the intersection between the health and wellness and travel leisure industries. In 2022, the Global Wellness Institute reported that global wellness tourism was a 814.6 billion industry. We are the market leader at more than 20x the size of our closest maritime competitor. Through our market share, we have had access to a captive audience of over 20 million passengers annually. Cruise ship guests are an attractive demographic, with average annual household incomes of over 100,000. As a result of our scale, our captive consumer audience, and consumers increasing desire for more health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and products, we are well-positioned in the global health and wellness industry and have a large and highly attractive addressable consumer market at sea and on land. 
 
 Differentiated Business Model That Would Be Difficult and Uneconomic to Replicate 
 
 For more than 50 years, our business model has been built through investment in global infrastructure, supply chain logistics and training, decades-long relationships with our cruise line and destination resort partners and our reputation for offering our guests a best-in-class health, fitness, beauty and wellness experience. Our robust infrastructure and processes required to operate and maximize revenue across our network of global health and wellness centers separates us from existing and prospective peers. In 2022, we embarked on over 6,500 voyages that welcomed over 15 million passengers at more than 193 ports of embarkation, and placed over 4,800 individuals, more than 60 of whom were previously employed by OneSpaWorld, in various positions at our shipboard health and wellness centers. Our business model is centered on providing our cruise line and destination resort partners with the following solutions: 
 
 Creating Extraordinary Guest Experiences We pride ourselves on creating extraordinary guest experiences in our health and wellness facilities, offering our cruise line and destination resort partners guests a comprehensive suite of premium health, wellness, fitness and beauty services, treatments, and products. 

Global Recruiting, Training and Logistics We recruit, train and manage over 5,000 health, fitness, beauty and wellness professionals annually around the world, representing 88 nationalities and 27 spoken languages. With seven global training facilities, we serve each cruise line s needs for specific onboard staff with complex language, cultural and service modality requirements and are the only company with the infrastructure to commission highly trained staff at over 1,100 ports of call worldwide. Our commitment to our onboard and destination resort staff has proven to be an essential element of our successful return to service performance. 

Supply Chain and Logistics We managed the complex delivery of all products and supplies to our health and wellness centers onboard 177 vessels operating 3,407 itineraries around the world during 2022, leveraging proprietary data to accurately forecast and stock each health and wellness center. Products and supplies can only be loaded at designated ports around the world during a limited window of time while the ship is in port, in many cases overnight, adding to the complexity of the process. 

Yield and Revenue Management We have developed proprietary technology, processes and staff training tools to consistently measure, analyze and maximize onboard and destination resort revenue and profitability. 

Exclusive Relationships with Global Brands Due to our scale, superior operations, industry longevity and attractive captive consumer audience, through the OneSpaWorld platform at sea, we offer for sale and utilize in our services more than 1,400 product SKUs sourced from over 75 vendors, including ELEMIS, Grown Alchemist, K rastase, Thermage, GoodFeet Arch Supports, Hyperice TM , and GO SMILE Teeth Whitening, among others. 

Facility Design and Branding Expertise We design our state-of-the-art health and wellness centers specifically for each cruise line vessel and destination resort, creating bespoke branding, guest experience, guest services offerings, complementary retail products assortment, and competitive differentiation for each of our cruise line and destination resort partners to optimize guest experiences and maximize productivity and financial performance. 

The above capabilities have contributed to building a differentiated and defensible strategy around our leading market position in a historically growing and attractive industry. 
 Unmatched Breadth of Service and Product Offering 
 
 We offer our guests a comprehensive suite of health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and products to meet any and all of their needs. We are continuously innovating and evolving our offerings based on the latest trends and tailor our service and product offerings to regional preferences. In addition to conventional personal care services, we offer the latest in fitness, a full range of 
 5 

massage treatments, nutrition/weight management consultations, teeth whitening, acupuncture, and innovative, higher-ticket medi-spa services at sea, including BOTOX Cosmetic, Dysport, Restylane, CoolSculpting, Thermage and dermal fillers, among our broad and ever-expanding spectrum of choices. With our captive audience of, historically, over 20 million cruise guests annually, OneSpaWorld is a compelling distribution channel for leading health, fitness, beauty and wellness brands. Renowned brands, including ELEMIS and K rastase, have partnered with us for exclusive distribution at sea. Cruise line and destination resort partners depend on us to provide their guests with the best and broadest assortment of services and products to enhance their vacation experience and the competitive positioning and consumer value of their brands. 
 
 Entrenched Partnerships with Economic Alignment 
 
 We have cultivated partnerships with most of the largest and most reputable cruise lines and premier resorts in the world. Our cruise line relationships average over 20 years and encompass substantially all of the major global cruise lines, including Carnival Cruise Line, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Princess Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Lines, Celebrity Cruises, Costa Cruises, Seabourn Cruise Line, Virgin Voyages, and Holland America, among many others. The majority of our revenues and profits are earned through our long-term revenue sharing agreements with our cruise line partners that economically align both parties and create a collaborative relationship. On land, we partner with market leaders at highly attractive destinations, including Atlantis Paradise Island Bahamas, The Ocean Club, a Four Seasons Resort, Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Resort and Spa, and the Mohegan Sun Resort, among others. Our long-standing relationships, with economic alignment at the core, strengthen our competitive advantage. 
 
 Highly Visible and Predictable Revenue Streams 
 
 Historically, we have had access to over 20 million passengers annually, with potential long-term passenger growth expected in the future, post the COVID-19 pandemic, as new ships are commissioned in the industry. This new ship growth is highly visible as demonstrated in a publicly available global order book outlining over five years of new ship orders. Across our contracts, OneSpaWorld typically operates on all ships in a fleet and on new ships added during the contract term, securing both existing and new ship revenue. A new ship requires approximately two to four years to be built and is rarely delayed, as cruise lines typically sell out the vessel s maiden voyage over a year in advance. New ships do not have a revenue ramp-up period given these advanced marketing efforts. Our cruise line partners are experts at dependably filling their ships with passengers, as demonstrated by the industry s historical average occupancy rate of above 100 , even through recessionary periods. Due to historically consistent industry practices and decades of proprietary operating history data, OneSpaWorld has had strong visibility into our future revenue realization for the next three to five years. Despite recent market conditions related to COVID-19, we have seen these revenue streams rebound throughout fiscal 2022 toward and, in certain cases, above, historical levels. 
 Asset-Light Model with After-Tax Free Cash Flow Generation 
 
 Our cruise line partners typically fund the build-out, maintenance, and refurbishment of our onboard health and wellness centers, resulting in an asset-light profile with minimal capex required. Our capital expenditures averaged 1 of revenues over the three years preceding the near cessation of our operations due to COVID-19. Being a Bahamian international business company and earning a significant portion of our revenue in low-tax or no-tax jurisdictions, including international waters, our effective cash tax rate had been approximately 2 over the three years preceding the near cessation of our operations due to COVID-19. This combination translates to exceptional after-tax free cash flow. Annually, from fiscal 2017 through 2019, and post-pandemic, in fiscal 2022, we converted approximately 90 of our Adjusted EBITDA to Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow. 
 
 Seasoned and Proven Leadership Team 
 
 OneSpaWorld is led by a management team that has operated the Company for nearly 20 years. Our Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Leonard Fluxman, and our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Stephen Lazarus, together led OneSpaWorld's predecessor company, Steiner Leisure, as a public company for more than a decade. Mr. Fluxman and Mr. Lazarus now lead an internally developed senior management team with over 150 years of combined industry experience. 
 Additionally, our Chief Commercial Officer, Susan Bonner, has over 20 years of experience in the cruise line sector and is a seasoned executive with a proven track record and significant background in strategy, revenue management, operations management, sales, and marketing. We benefit from Haymaker s investing and operational experience at Fortune 500 companies, particularly in the consumer and hospitality sectors. We also have the advantage of extensive industry and related subject matter expertise brought to us by our Board members, including Glenn Fusfield. Until his retirement in 2021, Mr. Fusfield served as Chief Executive Officer of OneSpaWorld. Prior to this role, Mr. Fusfield held various positions of increasing responsibility with the Company for more than 20 years, preceded by 12 years of cruise industry experience. The OneSpaWorld management team s deep experience and proven track 
 6 

record in managing the business in both public and private markets positions OneSpaWorld as an attractive vehicle for future long-term growth within the global hospitality-based health and wellness industry. 
 Growth Strategies 
 Our management plans to continue growing the business through the following strategies: 
 
 Capture Highly Visible New Ship Growth with Current Cruise Line Partners 
 
 We expect to continue to benefit long-term from a return to the cruise industry s capacity for growth, with a consistent and visible pipeline of new ships commissioned annually by our cruise line partners. By the end of 2025, our existing cruise line partners are expected to introduce 21 new ships. Through established cruise line partner relationships, current contracts, competitive positioning of our operating infrastructure, track record of delivering extraordinary guest experiences, and an approximately 94 contract renewal rate over the last 15 years, we are well-positioned to capture new ship growth over the long term. 
 Expand Market Share by Adding New Potential Cruise Line Partners 
 
 Although we have more than 20x market share of our nearest competitor in the outsourced maritime health and wellness market, there is an opportunity to continue to grow by winning new contracts. We also routinely meet with cruise lines that do not currently outsource their health and wellness centers or utilize our smaller competitors, but that may have an interest in contracting with us in the future due to our strong reputation and historical results. As evidenced by our successful history of winning new contracts, we remain focused on continuing to protect and grow our dominant market share at sea. 
 Continue Launching Innovative New Value-Added Services and Products 
 
 We have successfully innovated services and products to meet guests ever-changing needs, attract more guests and generate more revenue and profitability per guest. Medi-spa has been a highly successful innovation for OneSpaWorld at sea and is now an accretive component of our offerings. Performed by medically licensed professionals, the medi-spa offerings provide the latest cosmetic medical services to guests, such as non-surgical cosmetic procedures, including BOTOX Cosmetic, Dysport, Restylane, CoolSculpting, Thermage, and dermal fillers. Guests purchasing medi-spa services spend on average up to 5x more than on traditional health, beauty and wellness services. We continue to roll out incremental revenue opportunities, including the Capillus Laser Therapy Cap and Hyperice percussion and vibration therapy products and related services. We will continue to focus on launching higher value-add services and products that meet guest demands, align with and enhance our cruise line and destination resort partner brands, optimize health and wellness center utilization, and maximize center-level profitability. 
 Focus on Enhancing Health and Wellness Center Productivity 
 
 Cruise lines have become increasingly focused on growing onboard revenue as a way to enhance revenue beyond traditional cabin ticket sales. Between 2013 and 2019, onboard spend on the three largest cruise operators we serve increased by 2.6 billion, from 6.5 billion to 9.1 billion. We are focused on collaborating with cruise line partners to increase passenger penetration and maximize revenue yield through the following initiatives: 
 
 Increase Pre-Booking and Pre-Payment Capture Rate We are working with our cruise line partners to expand our marketing efforts to engage guests upon booking their vacation experience, well before boarding a ship, through pre-booking. Pre-booked appointments can yield approximately 30 more revenue than services booked onboard the ship. Due to our success across select cruise lines that have implemented pre-booking capabilities, we are in the process of implementing pre-booking across additional partner cruise lines. 

Expand Targeted Marketing and Promotion Initiatives We are now directly marketing and distributing promotions to onboard passengers as a result of enhanced collaboration with select cruise line partners. These promotions are personalized and individually tailored to guests profiles and have successfully driven traffic and revenue at our health and wellness centers. Examples include happy anniversary messages to couples, happy birthday notes to individual guests, and promotional retail credits offered to guests who visit our centers before the end of their cruise. Guests that received these customized promotions were responsible for approximately 11 of revenues generated during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

7 

Utilize Technology to Increase Utilization and Enhance Service Mix We have recently begun to successfully introduce and expand technology-enabled dynamic pricing initiatives with selected cruise line partners. While dynamic pricing strategies have historically been applied manually by onboard staff, we are currently rolling out online and pre-cruise access to drive off-peak utilization rates and fill higher-demand time slots with higher-value bookings. This enhanced dynamic pricing capability is currently available with only a few cruise line partners, representing a significant opportunity for revenue growth as it is rolled out and optimized fleet-wide. 

Extend Retail Beyond the Ship Our Shop Ship program provides guests the ability to buy retail products onboard and have products shipped directly to their home to avoid the hassle of packing products in their luggage. On average, a Shop Ship customer spends more than 3.5x the amount of a non-Shop Ship customer on retail products. The Shop Ship program, combined with our e-commerce platform timetospa.com , gives us the ability to maintain a connection with each guest beyond the cruise voyage. 

Health and Wellness Services 
 
 We curate and deliver an ever-innovating broad range of offerings for our cruise line and destination resort partners, centered around a holistic wellness approach, which includes: 
 Spa and Beauty. We offer a specialized suite of massage and body care services and therapies, together with a broad range of beauty treatments, including facials, hair cutting and styling, manicures and pedicures, and teeth whitening services, among other services custom-designed for our cruise line and destination resort partners. 

Thermal suites. We offer guests the option to purchase passes for dedicated thermal suite areas on many of the ships where we operate health and wellness centers. Thermal suites are typically located on higher decks and offer sweeping views of the ocean, enabling our guests to relax, recharge, and enjoy various hot and cold hydro-therapies and related amenities, such as thermal loungers, infrared saunas, snow rooms, laconiums (dry heat saunas), caldarium chambers (herbal steam rooms), and hammams (Turkish-style steam rooms). Certain thermal suites also offer cold plunge pools, large therapeutic jacuzzis, and rooms surrounding occupants with layers of body cleansing salt crystals. 

Medi-spa. We offer medi-spa services on the majority of our ships. Our service menu consists of the leading medi-spa brands, including BOTOX Cosmetic, Dysport, Restylane, CoolSculpting, Thermage, dermal fillers, and microneedling, among others. Medi-spa services are administered by medically licensed professionals. By the end of 2023, we expect to offer medi-spa services on 134 ships. 

Fitness. We offer guests use of premier fitness centers, featuring industry leading brands, programming and equipment, as well as personalized training services and expert consultation by our fitness professionals. These fitness centers offer guests use of strength equipment and cardiovascular equipment, such as treadmills, elliptical machines, exercise bicycles and rowing and stair machines featuring premier brands including Technogym , Life Fitness, Peloton and TRX . Boutique fitness classes, including yoga, Pilates, F45 Training, certain Xponential Fitness brands, and indoor cycling are also available to guests for a fee or at no charge, depending on the class. Our fitness instructors are available to provide paid services, such as body composition analysis and personal training. 

Nutrition. We offer guests paid personal nutritional and dietary consultation, weight management, nutrition coaching and detoxification. Guests can begin a program on the cruise or at certain of our land-based health and wellness centers and remain engaged with our professional coaches through the successful completion of their programs, generating ongoing purchases of nutritional and detoxification products via our e-commerce platform timetospa.com . 

Health. Our health and pain management offerings present one of our largest and most profitable categories. Our offerings include acupuncture, electro acupuncture, cupping, posture and gait analysis, GoodFeet Arch Supports, physical therapy, and NormaTec recovery. Our services are enhanced by our retail sale of our product offerings associated with the services. 

Mind-Body and Wellness. We offer our guests yoga, Tai Chi and sound therapy in addition to meditation and biofeedback. 

Products 
 
 We sell over 1,100 branded product SKUs sourced from over 75 vendors due to our scale, superior operations, industry longevity and attractive captive audience at sea and on land. We sell products from leading brands, including ELEMIS, Thermage, 
 8 

Dysport, GoodFeet Arch Supports and GO SMILE Teeth Whitening. We have an exclusive 10-year supply agreement with ELEMIS. We believe we have a leading retail attachment rate based on the number of products purchased in conjunction with a service compared to the broader consumer personal care services and retail industry. During 2022, product sales comprised approximately 18 of our revenues, enabling incremental revenue even at full treatment room utilization. 
 
 We utilize three warehouses, consisting of one 27,000 square foot bonded warehouse in Miami, FL, one 21,600 square foot warehouse in Miami, FL, and one 5,000 square foot warehouse in New Jersey. The Miami warehouses provide fulfillment services for cruise inventory, and the New Jersey warehouse provides fulfillment for e-commerce and our Shop Ship program. 
 
 Health and Wellness Centers 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated state-of-the-art health and wellness centers on 179 ships, including virtually all of the major cruise lines globally, and 50 land-based destination resorts, principally in the United States, the Caribbean and Asia. Centers are designed and branded for each cruise and destination resort partner to optimize the guest experience, maximize revenues and align with our partners brands and hospitality environment. Centers can range in size to more than 30,000 square feet and generally provide fitness areas, treatment rooms and salons, as well as elaborate thermal suites and/or saunas. Onboard heath and wellness centers are generally located on higher ship decks, which encourages increased passenger interest and guest traffic. 
 
 9 

Facility Design 
 
 Our cruise line and destination resort partners each seek differentiated health and wellness experiences for their guests. As such, we provide design capabilities for our cruise line and destination resort partners, creating bespoke branding and design consulting to optimize guest experiences and maximize revenues. We operate health and wellness centers under proprietary brands of Mandara and Chavana , as well as brands curated specifically for each cruise line, complete with cruise line and/or ship-specific service menus. As of December 31, 2022, we had 36 health and wellness centers under the Mandara brand, eight centers under the Chavana brand, and one center under our destination resort health and wellness brand, Glow , a Mandara Spa. 
 Principal Cruise Line Customers 
 A significant portion of our revenue is generated from the following cruise lines, each of which accounted for more than 10 of our total revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: Carnival (including Carnival, Carnival Australia, Costa, Cunard, Holland America, P O, Princess, and Seabourn cruise lines): 41.0 , 43.4 , and 46.7 , Royal Caribbean (including Royal Caribbean, Celebrity Cruises, Pullmantur, Azamara and Silversea cruise lines): 28.0 , 20.9 , and 23.1 , and Norwegian Cruise Line (including Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises): 15.6 , 16.3 , and 14.7 . These companies, combined, accounted for 160 of the 179 ships served by OneSpaWorld as of December 31, 2022. Our contracts are signed at the cruise line-level, not with the parent operator, giving OneSpaWorld a diverse customer base despite parent-level consolidation. Our contracts average five years in duration. 
 The numbers of ships served as of December 31, 2022 under cruise line agreements with the respective cruise lines are listed below: 

Cruise Line 
 Ships Served 

Royal Caribbean (2) 
 
 26 

Carnival (1) 
 
 24 

Norwegian (3) 
 
 18 

Princess (1) 
 
 15 

Celebrity (2) 
 
 12 

Costa (1) 
 
 10 

Holland America (1) 
 
 11 

Silversea (2) 
 
 10 

Oceania (3) 
 
 6 

P O (1) 
 
 7 

Windstar 
 
 6 

Regent (3) 
 
 5 

Seabourn (1) 
 
 6 

Disney 
 
 5 

Azamara 
 
 4 

Cunard 
 
 3 

Marella 
 
 4 

Saga 
 
 2 

Carnival Australia (1) 
 
 3 

Virgin 
 
 2 

Total 
 
 179 

(1) Carnival Corporation, the parent company of Carnival Cruise Line, also owns Carnival Australia, Costa, Holland America, P O, Princess, and Seabourn. 

(2) Celebrity and Silversea are owned by Royal Caribbean. 

(3) Oceania and Regent are owned by Norwegian Cruise Lines. 

10 

Destination Resort Locations and Partners 
 As of December 31, 2022, we provided health and wellness services at destination resorts in the following locations: 

Country 
 
 Number of Destination Resort Spas 

Maldives 

13 

United States (1) 

12 

Malaysia 

9 

Indonesia 

2 

Bahamas 

3 

Palau 

2 

Russia 

2 

United Arab Emirates 

2 

Japan 

2 

Oman 

1 

Aruba 

1 

Egypt 

1 

Total 

50 

(1) 	 Includes Puerto Rico. 
 Cruise Line and Destination Resort Agreements 
 
 Through our cruise line and destination resort agreements, we have the exclusive right to offer health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and the ability to sell complementary products onboard the ships and at the destination resorts we serve. Under the cruise line agreements, guests pay for our services through our cruise line partners, who retain a specified percentage of gross receipts from such sales before remitting the remainder to us. Our revenue share agreements result in a highly variable cost model, where the primary fixed costs are the meals and accommodations for our shipboard employees. Most of our cruise line agreements cover all of the then-operating ships of a cruise line and typically new ships are added to ships in service through an amendment to the agreement. The agreements have specified terms ranging from three to 9.4 years, with an average remaining term per ship of approximately 3.7 years as of December 31, 2022. Cruise lines can terminate the agreements with limited or no advance notice under certain circumstances, including, among other things, the withdrawal of a ship from the cruise trade, the sale or lease of a ship, or our failure to achieve specified passenger service standards. However, we have never had a contract terminated prior to our respective expiration date. 
 
 We operate our destination resort health and wellness centers pursuant to agreements with the owners of the properties involved. Our destination resort health and wellness centers generally are required to pay rent based on a percentage of our revenues, with others having fixed rents. Some of our destination resort agreements also require that we make minimum rental payments irrespective of the amount of our revenues. The terms of the agreements for our destination resort health and wellness centers generally range from five to 20 years (including the terms of renewals available at our option). In the U.S. and Caribbean, destination resort health and wellness centers generally have a higher investment cost and lower revenue share with higher staff costs and contracts lasting ten years on average. In Asia, destination resort health and wellness centers have lower investment cost, higher revenue share, lower staff costs, and contracts averaging five years. 
 
 Marketing and Promotion 
 
 We promote our services and products to cruise passengers and destination resort guests through targeted marketing, including pre-and post-cruise emails, website advertising, on-site demonstrations and seminars, video presentations shown on in-cabin/in-room television, ship newsletters, tours of our centers, and dedicated signage around the ship. We also encourage our employees to cross-sell, as they believe that such cross-promotional activities frequently result in our customers purchasing services and/or products in addition to those they initially contemplated buying. For example, we cross-sell our fitness body assessment with detox programs, vitamins, and seaweed wraps. We also maintain a dedicated sales desk to facilitate pre-cruise health and wellness services booking and to disseminate health and wellness information for charters and other groups of cruise passengers. 
 
 11 

Recent collaborative initiatives with cruise line partners have proven to enhance performance across certain key performance indicators. We have developed a fully integrated pre-booking platform, which allows guests to book health and wellness treatments six to eight weeks prior to the voyage. Pre-booked and pre-paid guests on average spend approximately 30 more than guests who book services once already onboard. We recently introduced a new pricing strategy, simplifying the choice architecture for our guests while continuing to make price adjustments across multiple areas within our spas. Guests have responded positively, resulting in an increased service spend coupled with a higher frequency of longer treatments booked, and a shift toward booking relatively more premium and signature services. We have begun rolling out our dynamic pricing model to our full cruise fleet, which provides the ability to optimize demand and maximize utilization of our health and wellness centers. We continually monitor the results of our marketing efforts and adjust our strategies in order to use our marketing resources in a cost-effective manner. 
 Competition 
 
 On cruise ships, we compete with passenger activity alternatives for onboard passenger dollars. We also compete with other maritime wellness facility providers, including cruise lines that insource the activity, as well as potential other outsource providers. Across the destination resorts business, we compete with other outsource providers of health, fitness, beauty and wellness services to hotel and destination resort operators. The destination resorts business is highly fragmented, and there is no one leader within this category. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues are generated onboard cruise ships and are subject to specific individual cruise itineraries as to time of year and geographic location, among other factors. As a result, we experience varying degrees of seasonality as the demand for cruises is stronger in the Northern Hemisphere during the summer months and during holidays. Accordingly, the third quarter and holiday periods generally result in the highest revenue yields for us. Further, cruises and destination resorts have been negatively affected by the frequency and intensity of hurricanes, which may be impacted by climate change. The negative impact of hurricanes in the Northern Hemisphere is highest during peak hurricane season from August to October. 
 
 Trademarks 
 
 We hold or control numerous trademarks in the United States and a number of other countries. Our most recognized health and wellness products and services trademarks are for Mandara and Chavana. We believe that the use of our trademarks is important in establishing and maintaining our reputation for providing high quality health and wellness services, as well as cosmetic goods, and we are committed to protecting these trademarks by all appropriate legal means. 
 
 Registrations for the OneSpaWorld, Mandara and Chavana trademarks, among others, have been obtained in a number of countries throughout the world. We continue to apply for other trademark registrations in various countries. 
 While a number of the trademarks we use have been registered in the United States and other countries, the registrations of other trademarks that we use are pending. Recently, we have adopted the mark OneSpaWorld as the trade name of our maritime health and wellness business to reflect our position as a global provider of shipboard products and services. 
 We license Mandara for use by luxury destination resorts in certain Asian countries. 
 Sustainability and Social Responsibility 
 We strive daily to effect a positive impact on the environment and the lives of our employees, our guests, and the people and cultures of the communities we visit, where we operate, and where we call home. In so doing, we seek to create long-term value for our crise line and destination resort partners and our shareholders. 
 How we manage our impact on the environment and the communities where we operate, our relationships with all constituencies across our business, and the accountability of our leadership to our employees and our shareholders are all critically important to the success of our business. Our strategic priorities to achieve these objectives include programs to incorporate sustainability practices into all elements of our business, assure a respectful and equitable workplace fostering broad employee diversity and inclusive opportunity, enhance employee support and personal and career development, strengthen data privacy and cybersecurity, and invest in our communities, including by supporting local organizations and programs that align with our values of wellness, diversity, and sustainability. Our Board of Directors is responsible for guiding management to achieve these objectives and for supervising and promoting these initiatives toward effecting the long-term sustainable growth of the Company. 
 12 

With respect to environmental matters, we collaborate with our third-party product suppliers to introduce improved packaging solutions to reduce environmental impact. We implement sustainability strategies to reduce paper usage and plastic containers, recycle materials used in the workplace, utilize light sensors to reduce electricity consumption, and require changes to packaging materials from polystyrene to recyclable pillow packs, among other initiatives. 
 With respect to our employees, we recruit and invest in retaining and advancing individuals with diverse demographic and socioeconomic backgrounds, experiences, and talents, prioritizing their personal and professional development and their health and safety in our shipboard and land-based facilities. See Human Capital, below, for further description of our social responsibility objectives and initiatives. 
 With respect to governance, we maintain policies intended to assure ethical trading, confidential and non-public personal information, anti-fraud, anti-corruption, third party risk management, trade control compliance, data transfers, internal auditing services, global privacy, and global regulatory compliance, among others. 
 Our Board of Directors directly oversees procedures and corporate culture promoting and upholding the ethical conduct of the Company s business, including adopting and monitoring compliance with the Company s Code of Ethics, which sets forth the Company s policies of promoting high standards of integrity by and toward our employees. The Compensation Committee of our Board is responsible for advising the Board with respect to the compensation philosophy, policies, and procedures pertaining to our employees, in order to attract, retain and motivate the most talented personnel. The Audit Committee of our Board is responsible for establishing procedures for identifying and fully addressing employee complaints and concerns through the Company s Ethics Hotline and otherwise. The Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board is responsible for developing, recommending to the Board, and reviewing on an ongoing basis the Company s social responsibility and sustainability policies, as well as reviewing and recommending to the Board enhancements to the Company s Code of Ethics. 
 Human Capital 
 As a pre-eminent global operator of health and wellness services, our people are essential to our operations and core to the long-term success of our Company. Our employees are responsible for upholding our purpose, integrity, and accountability, and representing OneSpaWorld s mission and values as a global health and wellness company. To attract, retain, motivate and advance the best talent, we strive to embed a culture where employees can safely thrive in an environment supportive of their unique personalities, boundaries, talents, passions, strengths, challenges, responsibilities, and personal and career goals. 
 Our People. As a Company that provides health and wellness services and products, our employees are the bedrock of our cruise and resort guest experience. As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 4,452 full-time employees, of which 3,415 worked in health and wellness center operations on cruise ships and in destination resorts around the world, 976 represented corporate management and operational support staff, and 61 were involved in recruiting and training. We have one general manager in each cruise ship and destination resort health and wellness center, typically an assistant manager training to become a general manager, and up to 79 total staff depending on the scale of the health and wellness center. As a global operation, we have diverse teams of employees representative of the partners and markets we serve and in which we operate. We believe our employee relationships are strong across our business, as evidenced by the promotion of 100 of our health and wellness center general managers to their roles, an average tenure of nine years for employees at our Coral Gables office, and 20-30 year tenures of our senior leaders, many of whom started with the Company as shipboard health and wellness center team members and advanced to positions at our Coral Gables office and London Wellness Academy. 

Culture and Ethics. Culture of ethical behavior is at the forefront of our organization, binding our values and mission across every aspect of our business. We have instituted best practices to ensure that we continue to operate to the highest standards, including requiring all our employees to familiarize themselves during the training with, and adhere strictly to, our Code of Ethics and our corporate social responsibility and sustainability policies. 

Diversity Inclusion. Our Company achieves success by recruiting, training, supporting and resourcing our employees from diverse global populations, so as to best serve our cruise line and destination resort partners' diverse global customer base. We maintain an unwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion among our staff. OneSpaWorld is an equal opportunity employer, and we promote and celebrate diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Our employees are sourced globally and represent 88 nationalities, speaking 27 languages. In addition, at our corporate offices in the U.S. and U.K. and our North America health and 

13 

wellness centers, our employee base is comprised of eight distinct ethnicities. As of December 31, 2022, our employees had the following attributes: 

Female 

Male 

Employees (non-management) 

3,374 

728 

Manager Staff 
 
 256 

66 

Senior Management 
 
 11 

14 

Executive Officers 
 
 1 

2 

We educate employees, managers, and leadership on our essential objectives, strategies and initiatives to achieve broad diversity and inclusion across every element of our business. Among other initiatives, we provide annual trainings for all of our employees to assure awareness and adherence to our policies, practices, and procedures toward effecting a culture of civility, harassment prevention, reporting and intervention in all respects, and a fully respectful workplace. 
 Talent Attraction. Our success depends on our ability to recruit and train employees skilled in our customer service philosophy. We recruit prospective shipboard health and wellness center employees from a broad spectrum of geographies providing a pipeline of diverse talent from a wide range of demographics and economies. We are proud to bring valuable long-term employment and career opportunities to individuals residing and supporting families in major economies such as Australia, the British Isles, Canada, continental Europe, India, Indonesia, Mauritius, the Philippines, South Africa, South America, and Thailand, as well as smaller, less developed employment markets such as Bhutan, the Caribbean, Madagascar, Nepal, Nigeria, Ukraine, Zambia, and Zimbabwe, among others. We advertise U.S. corporate and destination resort health and wellness center positions on a human resources applicant tracking system, which provides visibility toward all applicants, including diverse candidates. 

Countries from which we recruited personnel during 2022 are highlighted in blue on the map below. 
 14 

Talent Retention: Compensation and Benefits. We strive to provide competitive pay and benefits for our employees. 

Shipboard health and wellness center employees typically are employed under nine month-long agreements with fixed terms. Our compensation structure includes commissions received in connection with the provision of services and sales of products in our health and wellness centers. We make available to all our shipboard employees comprehensive health and dental care, free of charge during the terms of their employment agreements, as well as long-term disability and accidental death coverage, among other benefits. We provide transportation for our shipboard employees to and from their home countries. Our shipboard employees and their families and friends enjoy discounts on the services and products we offer for sale, as well as personalized fitness and wellness programs. We have continuously improved staff retention, resulting in a more experienced staff across our fleet. 
 Our U.S. corporate and destination resort health and wellness center employees are eligible to receive Company sponsored benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance coverage, 401(k) retirement plan participation, personal short and long-term disability, critical illness coverage, flexible spending accounts, basic life insurance and basic accidental death and dismemberment coverage, medical indemnity, and off the job accident insurance, as well as family member life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment coverage. We also provide an employee assistance program free of charge to our employees and members of their households, offering face-to-face mental health counseling sessions with a local provider, legal assistance, financial consultations, resources and referrals for childcare assistance and adoption, eldercare, pet care, and consultations with fraud resolution specialists intended to prevent identity theft. 
 Training and Development. Our business proactively innovates to serve the ever-changing needs and desires of our cruise line and destination resort partners and their guests. To do so, we arm our employees with best-in-class training and development in emerging areas of health and wellness and encourage all of our employees to apply a mindset of innovation. We also operate in areas that are subject to regulation and licensing. To respond to these challenges, we have developed extensive training and licensing practices. Our efforts include training at our London Wellness Academy and our satellite training facilities in India, South Africa and the Philippines, ranging from two to six weeks depending on the profession and modality of each employee, onboard training for certain of our shipboard employees, and management training courses at our Coral Gables office. All our employees are required to complete sexual harassment training, and our shipboard employees also complete health and safety training upon boarding the vessels on which they serve. Certain shipboard employees also complete additional training on safe practices in providing our services, and training on cleaning and sanitization of our equipment and spa facilities. Our employees also receive training using our comprehensive manual entitled Guidelines for Protection and Sanitization, or GPS, prior to returning to work. 

We train, support, and encourage our employees to progress through roles of increasing responsibility within our corporate structure during their tenures by providing numerous opportunities for development and training support. Most senior corporate positions are served by employees who began their careers as members of our shipboard health and wellness center teams. In our 
 15 

offices, employees receive annual career development training through the Company s state of the art learning management system featuring subject-specific learning modules relevant to our globally complex operations and diverse organization. Sustainability objectives are infused into our employee training and development curriculum and execution via eLearning modules for our shipboard staff, to limit our carbon footprint associated with the impact of in-person training. Our eLearning modules have also been an important component of our efforts to safely train our staff in a remote manner since the commencement of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Health and Safety. The health and safety of our employees is our highest priority. Upon the commencement of the COVID-19 pandemic, we conceived and implemented initiatives to mitigate risks to our employees. During the first and second quarters of 2020, in response to the near cessation of our operations due to COVID-19, we devised and implemented immediate and ongoing actions to mitigate the extraordinary and unprecedented adverse impact of the pandemic on our personnel. Our initiatives included coordinating with our cruise line partners to assure repatriating safely all of our 3,220 shipboard personnel to their families and homes around the world. 

Succession Planning . The success of our business relies on the devoted and experienced leadership of our cruise ship and destination resort health and wellness center managers and our corporate leaders, both senior executives and operational managers. We continually strive to foster the personal and professional development of managers throughout the organization. As a result, as discussed under Our People, above, we have developed a strong group of leaders with lengthy tenures. The performance of our senior management team members is subject to ongoing monitoring and evaluation, intended to ensure efficient identification of potential successors and smooth transitions within the team. 

Government Regulation 
 
 Our business is subject to certain international, U.S. federal, state and local laws, and regulations and policies in jurisdictions in which we operate. Such laws, regulations and policies impact areas of our business, including securities, anti-discrimination, anti-fraud, data protection and security. We are also subject to anti-corruption and bribery laws and government economic sanctions, including applicable regulations under the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). The FCPA and similar anti-corruption and bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or generating business. 
 
 Website Access to SEC Reports 
 
 Our website can be found at onespaworld.com . The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the websites referenced throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not incorporated into this report. Further, references to website addresses throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as is reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial condition, or operating results could be harmed, and have been harmed, by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. The trading price of our securities could decline, and has declined, due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Actual or Threatened Epidemics or Pandemics may Have an Adverse Effect on our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Pandemics have had in the past, and may continue to have in the future, an adverse impact on our business, operations, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity. We could become subject to actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the recent pandemic or future pandemics, including limiting or banning travel and cruises. A recurrence of 
 16 

the recent pandemic or future pandemics could have a negative impact on global and regional economies and economic activity, including an impact on unemployment rates and consumer discretionary spending, a short and/or longer-term impact on the demand for travel, transient and group business, and levels of consumer confidence. A recurrence of the recent pandemic or future pandemics could also present a significant threat to our employees well-being and morale, which may impact employee productivity and employee retention. 
 In response to the recent pandemic, we took steps to reduce expenses, including repatriating our shipboard staff, furloughing certain destination resort health and wellness center personnel, capital expenditures and operating expenses, deferring payment of dividends declared and the suspension of our dividend program. If we were required to take such steps again in the future, guest loyalty, customer preferences, or our ability to attract and retain employees, destination resort partners or investors, may be negatively impacted, and our reputation and market share could suffer as a result. We may also incur additional costs if we are subject to greater hygiene-related protocols in our services that are mandated by government authorities or other international authorities. In addition, the industry as a whole may be subject to enhanced health and hygiene requirements in attempts to counteract future outbreaks, which requirements may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement. 
 The recent pandemic caused, and future pandemics may again cause, heightened volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets, and this may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks. Additionally, future pandemics may have adverse negative impacts on restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness that require us to maintain minimum levels of liquidity and otherwise limit our flexibility in operating our business, including the significant portion of assets that are collateral under these agreements. 
 Some credit agencies may downgrade our credit ratings in the future as a result of a pandemic. If our credit ratings are downgraded, or if general market conditions were to ascribe a higher risk to our credit rating levels, our industry, or our company, our access to capital and the cost of debt financing could be negatively impacted. The interest rate we pay on our existing debt instruments is affected by our credit ratings. Accordingly, a downgrade may cause our cost of borrowing to further increase. 
 We Depend on Our Agreements with Cruise Lines and Destination Resort Health and Wellness Centers; if These Agreements Terminate, Our Business Would Be Harmed 
 A significant portion of our revenues are generated from our cruise ship health and wellness operations, which were adversely impacted by the recent pandemic, and could be adversely impacted again by pandemics in the future. In the event our cruise line and destination resort agreements are not renewed after their expiration date on similar terms or at all, which could result in reductions in our margins, as the amounts we pay to cruise lines and land-based venues may increase upon entering into renewals of agreements. 
 In addition, these agreements provide for termination by the cruise lines with limited or no advance notice under certain circumstances, including, among other things, the withdrawal of a ship from the cruise trade, the sale or lease of a ship or our failure to achieve specified passenger service standards. Due to the impact of the recent pandemic, six vessels on which we operated health and wellness centers were taken out of service permanently by our cruise line partners, and 20 vessels on which we operated health and wellness centers prior to the pandemic were sold to other cruise line operators, including operators we currently serve. We are engaged in discussions with these cruise line operators regarding agreements to continue operation of our health and wellness centers aboard these ships; however, there can be no assurance that we will execute satisfactory agreements in the future. Termination or nonrenewal of cruise line agreements, either upon completion of their terms or prior thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Some of our land-based destination resort health and wellness center agreements also provide for termination with limited advance notice under certain circumstances. 
 As a result of the consolidation of the cruise industry, the number of independent cruise lines has decreased in recent years, and this trend may continue. Also, some cruise lines have ceased operating and this may happen to other cruise lines in the future. As a result of these factors, a small number of cruise companies, all of which currently are our customers, dominate the cruise industry. 
 We Depend on the Cruise Industry and Their Risks Are Risks to Us 
 Prior to the recent pandemic, the cruise industry had never before experienced a complete cessation of its operations. The public concern over the recent pandemic, coupled with a drop in demand for international travel and leisure, and restrictions on international travel and immigration, adversely affected the demand for cruises. In addition, the recent pandemic caused, and may continue to cause, some cruise lines to declare bankruptcy or cause their lenders to declare a default, accelerate the related debt, or foreclose on collateral. Such bankruptcies, accelerations or foreclosures could, in some cases, result in the termination of our agreements with certain of our cruise line partners and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could negatively affect our results of operations. Cruise lines in bankruptcy may not have sufficient assets to pay us termination fees, other unpaid fees, or reimbursements 
 17 

we are owed under their agreements with us. Even if some cruise lines do not declare bankruptcy, they may be unable or unwilling to pay us amounts to which we are entitled on a timely basis or at all. Cruise lines compete for consumer disposable leisure time dollars with virtually all other vacation alternatives. Demand for cruises is dependent on the underlying economic strength of the countries from which cruise lines source their passengers. Economic changes such as unemployment, economic uncertainty, and the threat of a global recession reduce disposable income or consumer confidence in the countries from which our cruise line partners source their passengers and have affected the demand for vacations, including cruise vacations, which are discretionary purchases. 
 According to CLIA, 51 of passengers in the global cruise industry were sourced from North America, our core market, from 2018 to 2020. Prior to the outbreak of COVID-19, there was also a growing number of passengers sourced from outside North America in markets such as Western Europe, Asia, Australasia and South America. A significant portion of the cruise industry s growth is expected to come from expansion of markets outside of our core North American market. We believe that non-North American passengers spend less on our services and products than North American passengers. 
 Our health and wellness centers on ships operating in the North American market are currently our best performing centers, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate the same revenue performance in non-North American markets. Additionally, our cruise line partners dictate the itineraries and geographies where their ships sail, and they may change itineraries to be less favorable to our revenue performance. 
 Other recent trends are those of certain cruise lines reducing the number of cruises to certain long-standing destinations and replacing them with alternative exotic destinations, as well as extending the length of voyages. As the cruise industry continues to resume operations, such replacements and extensions could result in cruises producing lower revenues per voyage than produced in prior years, which may impact our revenues. 
 Accidents and other incidents involving cruise ships can materially adversely affect the cruise industry, as well as our results of operations and financial condition. Among other things, accidents reduce our revenues and increase the costs of our maritime-related insurance. In addition, accidents can adversely affect consumer demand for cruise vacations. 
 Other risks to the cruise industry include unscheduled withdrawals of ships from service, delays in new ship introductions, environmental violations by cruise lines, and restricted access of cruise ships to environmentally sensitive regions, hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions and increases in fuel costs. For example, in the past, hurricanes have caused the withdrawal of ships that we served from service for use in hurricane relief efforts, as well as the temporary closing of cruise ports and the destruction of facilities. A number of cruise ships have experienced outbreaks of illnesses such as norovirus, E.coli, measles and COVID-19 that have affected, at times, hundreds of passengers on a ship. 
 Severe weather conditions, both at sea and at ports of embarkation, also could adversely affect the cruise industry. The cruise industry also relies to a significant extent on airlines to transport passengers to ports of embarkation. A drastic reduction in airline services, and travel and immigration related restrictions due to the impacts of the recent pandemic, have adversely affected us. In addition, any strikes or other disruptions of airline service, including those that could follow terrorist attacks or armed hostilities, could adversely affect the ability of cruise passengers or our shipboard staff to reach their ports of embarkation, or could cause cancellation of cruises. 
 Cruise ships have increasingly had, and are expected to continue to have, itineraries which provide for the ships to be in port during cruises. When cruise ships are in port, our revenues are adversely affected compared with our revenues when cruise ships are at sea. 
 Cruise ships periodically go into dry-dock for routine maintenance, repairs and refurbishment for periods ranging from one to three weeks. Cruise ships also may be taken out of service unexpectedly for non-routine maintenance and repairs as a result of damage from an accident or otherwise, such as the Oasis of the Seas and Carnival Horizon incidents in 2019 and 2021, respectively. A ship also may go out of service with respect to us if it is transferred to a cruise line we do not serve or if it is retired from service. While we attempt to plan appropriately for the scheduled removal from service of ships we serve, unexpected removals from service of ships we serve can hamper the efficient distribution of our shipboard personnel, in addition to causing unexpected reductions in our shipboard revenues. 
 The cruise lines capacity has grown in recent years and is expected to continue to grow over the next few years as new ships are introduced. In order to utilize the new capacity, it is likely that the cruise industry will need to increase its share of the overall vacation market. In order to increase that market share, cruise lines may be required to offer discounted fares to prospective passengers, which would have the potentially adverse effects on us described above. 
 18 

We Are Required to Make Minimum Payments under Our Agreements and May Face Increasing Payments to Cruise Lines and Owners of Our Destination Resort Health and Wellness Centers 
 We are obligated to make minimum annual payments to certain cruise lines and owners of our land-based venues regardless of the amount of revenues we receive from customers. We may also be required to make such minimum annual payments under any future agreements into which we enter. Accordingly, we could be obligated to pay more in minimum payments than the amount we collect from customers. As of December 31, 2022, these payments were required by four of the agreements for our destination resort health and wellness centers. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we guaranteed total minimum payments to owners of our land-based venues of approximately 2.9 million in the aggregate for 2022. As we renew or enter into new agreements with cruise lines and land-based venues, we may experience increases in such required payments. As of December 31, 2022, there were no minimum payments guarantee amounts to cruise lines. 
 We Depend on the Continued Viability of the Ships and Destination Resort Health and Wellness Centers We Serve 
 
 Our revenues from our shipboard guests and guests at our destination resort health and wellness centers can only be generated if the ships and land-based venues we serve are open for business and continue to operate. Historically, some smaller cruise lines we served have ceased operating for economic reasons. We cannot be assured of the continued viability of any of the land-based venues (including our ability to protect our investments in build-outs of health and wellness centers) or cruise lines that we serve, particularly in the event of recurrence of the more severe aspects of the economic slowdown experienced in certain prior years, which may recur due to a future pandemic or other disruptions. To the extent that cruise lines or land-based venues we serve, or could potentially serve in the future, cease to operate all or a portion of their operations, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Increased Costs Could Adversely Impact our Financial Results 
 
 To date we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs due to the recent pandemic, including costs relating to transportation, including repatriation, of our staff, and hygiene-related protocols in our services that are mandated by government authorities or other international authorities. In addition, we expect that the industry as a whole will continue to be subject to enhanced health and hygiene requirements, which requirements may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement across our global fleet of cruise operations. 
 
 Periods of higher fuel costs can adversely affect us directly. We depend on commercial airlines for the transportation of our shipboard employees to and from the ships we serve and, as a result, we pay for a relatively large number of flights for these employees each year. During times of higher fuel costs, such as those experienced in certain prior years, airfares, including those applicable to the transportation of our employees, have been increased by the airlines we have utilized. Additionally, increased fuel costs could also add to the costs of delivery of our products to the ships we serve and other destinations in the future. Higher fuel charges also increase the cost to consumers of transportation to cruise ship destination ports and to venues where we operate our destination resort health and wellness centers, and also increase the cost of utilities at our destination resort health and wellness centers. Periods of increasing fuel costs would likely cause these transportation costs to correspondingly increase. Extended periods of increased airfares could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increases in prices of other commodities utilized by us in our business could adversely affect us. For example, in certain prior years, as a result of increases in the cost of cotton, the cost to us of linens and uniforms utilized in our operations has increased. Our land-based health and wellness operations also have experienced an increase in the cost of electrical utilities. Increases in minimum wage obligations in jurisdictions where we employ personnel have also affected us directly and could adversely impact our results of operation and financial condition. 
 We Depend on Our Key Officers and Qualified Employees 
 
 Our continued success will depend to a significant extent on our senior executive officers, including Leonard Fluxman, our Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Stephen Lazarus, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and Susan Bonner, our Chief Commercial Officer. The unanticipated loss of the services of any of these persons or other key management personnel, due to illness, resignation or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain personnel qualified to perform our services. Shipboard employees typically are employed pursuant to agreements with terms of nine months. Our land-based health and wellness employees generally 
 19 

are employed without contracts, on an at-will basis. Other providers of shipboard health and wellness services compete with us for shipboard personnel. We also compete with destination resort health and wellness centers and other employers for our shipboard and land-based health and wellness personnel. Our inability to attract a sufficient number of qualified personnel in the future to provide our services and products could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, due to the impacts of the recent pandemic, the immigration approval processes in the United States experienced severe backlog and may in the future proceed at a slower pace than previously had been the case. Since many of our shipboard employees are not United States citizens, continuation or exacerbation of this trend of immigration restrictions could adversely affect our ability to meet our shipboard staffing needs on a timely basis. 
 Almost all of our shipboard personnel come from jurisdictions outside the United States. Our ability to obtain non-United States shipboard employees in the future is subject to regulations in certain countries from which we source a number of our employees and, in the case of one country, control by an employment company that acts on behalf of employees and potential employees from that country. In addition, in that country, we are required to deal with local employment companies to facilitate the hiring of employees. Our ability to obtain shipboard employees from those countries on economic terms that are acceptable to us may be hampered by our inability to enter into an acceptable agreement with the applicable local employment company. 
 In addition, the various jurisdictions where we operate our health and wellness centers have their own licensing or similar requirements applicable to our employees, which could affect our ability to open new health and wellness centers on a timely basis or adequately staff existing health and wellness centers. The ship we serve that is United States-based also is subject to United States labor law requirements that can result in delays in obtaining adequate staffing. 
 Possible Adverse Changes in United States or Foreign Tax Laws or Changes in Our Business Could Increase Our Taxes 
 
 Background 
 
 We are a Bahamas international business company IBC that owns, among other entities, OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) Limited (formerly known as Steiner Transocean Limited) OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) ), our principal subsidiary and a Bahamas IBC that conducts our shipboard operations, primarily outside United States waters (which constitutes most of our shipboard activities), and One Spa World LLC, a Florida limited liability company that performs administrative services in connection with our operations in exchange for fees from OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) and other subsidiaries. 
 
 We also own, directly or indirectly, the shares of additional subsidiaries organized in the United States, the United Kingdom and other taxable jurisdictions, as well as subsidiaries organized in jurisdictions that do not subject the subsidiaries to taxation. 
 Currently, we and our non-United States subsidiaries are not subject to Bahamas income tax or other (including United States federal) income tax, except as set forth below. Our United States subsidiaries are subject to United States federal income tax as a consolidated group at a regular corporate rate of 21 . Generally, any dividends paid by our United States holding company to its parent, are subject to a 30 United States withholding tax. Other than as described below, we believe that none of the income generated by our non-United States subsidiaries should be effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and, accordingly, that such income should not be subject to United States federal income tax. 
 A foreign corporation generally is subject to United States federal corporate income tax at a rate of 21 on its taxable income that is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States effectively connected income or ECI ). A foreign corporation also can be subject to a branch profits tax of 30 imposed on dividend equivalent amounts of its after-tax earnings that are ECI. 
 ECI may include any type of income from sources within the United States U.S.-source income ), but only limited types of income from sources without the United States foreign-source income ). OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) has three types of income: income from the provision of health and wellness services, income from the sales of health and wellness products and income from leasing (at rates determined on an arm s length basis) our shipboard employees and space to a United States subsidiary that performs health and wellness services and sells health and wellness products while the ships are in United States waters and pays OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) the amounts referenced above (the U.S. Waters Activities ). 
 We believe that most of OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s shipboard income should be treated as foreign-source income under the U.S. Treasury Department regulations for determining the source of such income (the source rule regulations ). This belief is based on the following: 
 20 

all of the functions performed, resources employed and risks assumed in connection with the performance of the above-mentioned services and sales (other than OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s involvement in the U.S. Waters Activities) occur outside of the United States; and 

income to OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) from the U.S. Waters Activities is ECI, and thus subject to United States income taxation, but constitutes a small percentage of OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s total income. 

To the extent that our belief about the source of OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s shipboard income is correct, such income would not be ECI because such income is income of a character (compensation for services, gains on sales of certain property, and rental income from the lease of tangible property) that cannot be treated as ECI unless it is treated as U.S.-source income. However, OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s shipboard income generated while in port in The Bahamas is subject to the payment of a 10 VAT payable to the Bahamas Department of Inland Revenue. 
 The Risks to OneSpaWorld 
 Under United States Treasury Department regulations, as of January 1, 2007, all or a portion of OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s income for periods commencing on or after that date could be subject to United States federal income tax at a rate of up to 35 with respect to income earned prior to January 1, 2018 and 21 with respect to income earned thereafter: 
 to the extent the income from OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s shipboard operations that OneSpaWorld believes are performed outside of United States territorial waters is considered by the Internal Revenue Service IRS to be attributable to functions performed, resources employed or risks assumed within the United States or its possessions or territorial waters; 

to the extent the income from OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s sale of health and wellness products for use, consumption, or disposition in international waters is considered by the IRS to be attributable to functions performed, resources employed or risks assumed within the United States, its possessions or territorial waters; or 

to the extent that passage of title or transfer of ownership of products sold by OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) for use, consumption or disposition outside international waters, takes place in the United States or a United States office materially participates in such sales. 

If OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) were considered to be a controlled foreign corporation CFC for purposes of the source rule regulations, any of its shipboard income would be considered U.S.-source income and would be subject to United States federal income tax unless such income is attributable to functions performed, resources employed or risks assumed in a foreign country or countries. 
 A foreign corporation is a CFC if more than 50 of (i) the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote or (ii) the total value of the stock of such corporation is owned or considered as owned by United States shareholders U.S. shareholders on any day during the taxable year of such corporation. A U.S. Shareholder, generally, means a United States person U.S. person who owns directly, indirectly or constructively at least 10 of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation. A U.S. person is a citizen or resident of the United States, a domestic partnership, a domestic corporation, any domestic estate or a trust over which a United States court is able to exercise administrative supervision and over which one or more U.S. persons have authority to control all substantial decisions. 
 Under certain downward attribution rules made applicable by a provision of Pub. L. No. 115-97, enacted December 22, 2017 (known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA )), to determine the CFC status of a foreign corporate subsidiary of a foreign parent corporation that also has a U.S. subsidiary, the foreign subsidiary may in certain circumstances be treated as a CFC based solely on its brother-sister relationship to the U.S. subsidiary. However, on September 22, 2020, the Federal Register published an amendment to the source rule regulations (the 2020 amendment ), providing that for purposes of that regulation, the status of a foreign corporation as a CFC or not is determined without regard to the above-mentioned provision of the TCJA. The 2020 amendment applies to taxable years of foreign corporations ending on or after October 1, 2019. For taxable years of foreign corporations ending before October 1, 2019, a taxpayer may apply such provisions to the last taxable year of a foreign corporation beginning before January 1, 2018, and each subsequent taxable year of the foreign corporation, provided that the taxpayer and U.S. persons that are related (within the meaning of section 267 or 707) to the taxpayer consistently apply such provisions with respect to all foreign corporations. 
 Accordingly, solely for purposes of the source rule regulations, we believe that OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) should not be characterized as a CFC. This should allow us to treat most of our shipboard income, which is earned by a foreign corporation that 
 21 

would not be a CFC but for the TCJA provision referred to above, to be foreign source income to the same extent as income earned by a foreign corporation that is not a CFC. 
 If OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) is subject to United States federal income tax (at a rate of 21 on its income that is ECI, it also would be subject to a branch profits tax of 30 on its annual dividend equivalent amount (a measure of its after-tax earnings that are considered to be withdrawn, from its United States business). 
 Certain non-United States jurisdictions may also assert that OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) s income is subject to their income tax. 
 Some of our United Kingdom, Bahamas and United States subsidiaries provide goods and/or services to us and certain of our other subsidiaries. The United Kingdom or United States tax authorities may assert that some or all of these transactions do not contain arm s length terms. In that event, income or deductions could be reallocated among our subsidiaries in a manner that could increase the United Kingdom or United States tax on us. This reallocation also could result in the imposition of interest and penalties. 
 We cannot assure you that the tax laws on which we have relied to minimize our income taxes will remain unchanged in the future. 
 Our land-based operations, the income from which is generally taxable, have significantly increased and we intend to consider land-based opportunities in the future (though we cannot assure you that we will be successful in finding appropriate opportunities). To the extent that we are able to effectively implement this strategy, the amount of our income that is subject to tax would increase. 
 The Success of Health and Wellness Centers Depends on the Hospitality Industry 
 
 We are dependent on the hospitality industry for the success of destination resort centers. The public concern over the recent pandemic, coupled with a drop in demand for international travel and leisure, and restrictions on international travel and immigration have adversely affected the hospitality industry. To the extent that consumers do not choose to stay at venues where we operate health and wellness centers, over which we have no control, our business, operations, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The considerations described above regarding the effects of adverse economic conditions on the cruise industry apply similarly to the hospitality industry, including the destination resorts where we have operations. Periods of economic slowdown result in reduced destination resort occupancy rates and decreased spending by destination resort guests, including at the destination resorts where we operate health and wellness centers. The recurrence of challenging economic conditions, as well as instances of increased fuel costs, which have occurred in certain prior years, could result in lower destination resort occupancy, which would have a direct, adverse effect on the number of destination resort guests that purchase our health and wellness services and products at the venues in question. Accordingly, such lower occupancy rates at the destination resorts we serve could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The following are other risks related to the hospitality industry: 
 changes in the national, regional and local conditions (including major national or international terrorist attacks, armed hostilities, such as the recent invasion of Ukraine, or other significant adverse events, including an oversupply of hotel properties or a reduction in demand for hotel rooms); 

the possible loss of funds expended for build-outs of health and wellness centers at venues that fail to open, underperform or close due to economic slowdowns or otherwise; 

the attractiveness of the venues to consumers and competition from comparable venues in terms of, among other things, accessibility and cost; 

the outbreaks of illnesses, such as the recent pandemic, or the perceived risk of such outbreaks, in locations where we operate land-based health and wellness centers or locations from which guests of such wellness centers are sourced; 

weather conditions, including natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis and floods, which may be exacerbated due to climate change; 

possible labor unrest or changes in economics based on collective bargaining activities; 

22 

changes in ownership, maintenance or room rates of, or popular travel patterns and guest demographics at the venues we serve; 

possible conversion of guest rooms at hotels to condominium units and the decrease in health and wellness center usage that often accompanies such conversions, and the related risk that condominium hotels are less likely to be suitable venues for our health and wellness centers; 

reductions in destination resort occupancy during major renovations or as a result of damage or other causes; 

acquisition by destination resort chains of health and wellness service providers to create captive in-house brands and development by destination resort chains of their own proprietary health and wellness service providers, reducing the opportunity for third-party health and wellness providers like us; and 

the financial condition of the airline industry, which has eliminated or reduced airline service to locations where we operate destination resort facilities, which has resulted and could continue to result in fewer guests at those venues. 

We Compete with Passenger Activity Alternatives 
 We compete with passenger activity alternatives on cruise ships and with competing providers of services and products similar to our services and products seeking agreements with cruise lines. Casinos, bars and a variety of shops are found on almost all of the ships served by us. In addition, ships dock in ports which provide opportunities for additional shopping as well as other activities that compete with us for passenger attention and disposable income, and cruise ships are increasingly offering itineraries providing for greater numbers of port days. Cruise ships also typically offer swimming pools and other recreational facilities and activities, as well as musical and other entertainment, all without additional charge to the passengers. Certain cruise lines we serve and have formerly served have engaged the services of third parties or their own personnel for the operation of the health and wellness centers for all or some of their ships. Additional cruise lines could take similar actions in the future. In addition, there are certain other entities offering services in the cruise industry similar to those provided by us and we may not be able to serve new cruise ships that come into service and that are not covered by our cruise line agreements. 
 Many of the land-based venues that we serve or may serve in the future offer recreational entertainment facilities and activities similar to those offered on cruise ships, often without additional charge to guests. A number of the hotels we serve also offer casino gambling. These activities and facilities compete with us for customer time and disposable income. Our destination resort health and wellness centers also compete with other health and wellness centers in their vicinities, as well as with other beauty, relaxation or other therapeutic alternatives. These include salons that offer these services at prices significantly lower than those charged by us. We believe, however, that the prices charged by us are appropriate for the quality of the experience we provide in our respective markets. In addition, we also compete, both for customers and for contracts with hotels, with health and wellness centers and beauty salons owned or operated by companies that have offered their destination resort health and wellness services longer than we have, some of which enjoy greater name recognition with customers and prospective customers than health and wellness centers operated by us. Also, a number of these health and wellness center operators may have greater resources than we do. Further, some hotel operators provide health and wellness services themselves. If we are unable to compete effectively in one or more areas of our operations, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Non-U.S. Operations and Hostilities 
 The cruise lines we serve operate in waters and call on ports throughout the world and our destination resort health and wellness centers are located in a variety of countries. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, U.S. and global anti-bribery laws or regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings. 
 Operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. However, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate throughout the world properly adhere to them. Failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere 
 23 

to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 As a global operator, our business may also be impacted by changes in U.S. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. Depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. Any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs. 
 The waters and countries in which we operate include geographic regions that, from time to time, experience political and civil unrest and armed hostilities. Political unrest in areas where we operate health and wellness centers also has adversely affected our operations and continued political unrest in the Middle East has adversely affected the travel industry in that region. The threat of additional attacks and of armed hostilities internationally, such as the hostilities in Eastern Europe and Ukraine, or locally, may cause prospective travelers to cancel their plans, including plans for cruise or land-based venue vacations. Weaker cruise industry and land-based venue performance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increasing Scrutiny and Changing Expectations From Investors, Lenders, Customers, Government Regulators and Other Market Participants with Respect to our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Policies and Activities may Impose Additional Costs on us or Expose us to Additional Risks. 
 Companies across all industries and around the globe are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their ESG policies and activities. Investors, lenders and other market participants are increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. Investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in assessments performed by ESG raters are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have emphasized the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. Responding to ESG considerations, including diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, labor conditions and human rights, ethics and compliance with law and corporate governance and transparency, and implementing goals and initiatives involve risks and uncertainties and depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside our control. 
 
 In February 2021, the Acting Chair of the SEC issued a statement directing the Division of Corporation Finance to enhance its focus on climate-related disclosure in public company filings and in March 2021 the SEC announced the creation of a Climate and ESG Task Force in the Division of Enforcement. We risk damage to our brand and reputation or limited access to capital markets and loans, if we fail to adapt to or comply with investor, lender or other stakeholder expectations and standards and potential government regulation in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, and corporate governance and transparency. In addition, compliance with standards and regulation may result in additional costs. 
 Increased Severe Weather, Including as A Result of Climate Change, Can Disrupt Our Operations 
 
 Our operations may be impacted by adverse weather patterns or other natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, typhoons and volcanic eruptions. Most scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth s atmosphere that contribute to climate change could have significant physical effects on weather conditions, such as increased frequency and severity of hurricanes, storms, droughts, floods, and other climatic events. It is possible that cruises we serve could be forced to alter itineraries or cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or tours due to these or other factors. Extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and typhoons, may not only cause disruption, alteration, or cancellation of cruises and closures of destination resort health and wellness centers but may also adversely impact commercial airline flights and other transport or prevent certain individuals from electing to utilize our offerings altogether. In addition, these extreme weather conditions could result in increased wave and wind activity, which would make it more challenging to sail and dock ships and could cause sea/motion sickness among guests and crew on the ships we serve. These events could have an adverse impact on the safety and satisfaction of cruising and could have an adverse impact on our net revenue yields and profitability. Additionally, these extreme weather conditions could impact our ability to provide our cruise products and services as well as to obtain insurance coverage for operations in such areas at reasonable rates. 
 Risk of Early Termination of Land-Based Health and Wellness Center Agreements 
 
 A number of our land-based health and wellness center agreements provide that landlords may terminate the agreement prior to its expiration date (provided, in some cases, that we receive certain compensation with respect to our build-out expenses and earnings lost as a result of such termination). While we always attempt to negotiate the best deal we can in this regard, we may not be able to successfully negotiate a termination fee in any of our future agreements or that any amounts we would receive in connection with such 
 24 

termination accurately reflects the economic value of the assets we would be leaving behind as a result of such termination. In addition, in the event of certain terminations of an agreement with a land-based venue, such as by the venue operator after our breach of an agreement, or as a result of the bankruptcy of a venue, even if we have a provision in our agreement providing for a termination payment, we could receive no compensation with respect to build-out expenditures we have incurred. 
 
 We also attempt to obtain terms in our land-based health and wellness center agreements that protect us in the event that the lessor s lender forecloses and takes over the property in question. However, we cannot always obtain such protective non-disturbance terms. In the event that the lender to a land-based venue owner under an agreement where no such non-disturbance term is included forecloses on that property, our agreement could be terminated prior to the expiration of its term. In such case, in addition to the loss of income from that health and wellness center, we could lose the residual value of any investment we made to build out that facility. 
 
 Delays in New Ship Introductions Could Slow Our Growth 
 
 Our growth depends, in part, on our serving new cruise ships brought into service. A number of cruise lines we serve have experienced in the past and recently, and could experience in the future, delays in bringing new ships into service. In addition, there is a limited number of shipyards in the world capable of constructing large cruise ships in accordance with the standards of major cruise lines. This also may contribute to delays in new ship construction. Such delays could slow our growth and have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in and Compliance with Laws and Regulations Relating to Environment, Health, Safety, Security, Data Privacy and Protection, Tax and Anti-Corruption Under Which We Operate May Lead to Litigation, Enforcement Actions, Fines, or Penalties 
 
 We are subject to numerous international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties, including social issues, health and safety, security, data privacy and protection, and tax, among other matters. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations, treaties and agreements has led and could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. We are required to coordinate and cooperate with the CDC, U.S. and other nation governments, and global public health authorities to take precautions to protect the health, safety and security of guests and shipboard personnel and implement certain precautions. New legislation, regulations or treaties, or changes thereto, could impact our operations and would likely subject us to increased compliance costs in the future. We could also be subject to litigation alleging non-compliance with the new legislation. In addition, training of crew may become more time consuming and may increase our operating costs due to increasing regulatory and other requirements. 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations or liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances or vessel discharges, including ballast water and waste disposal, could materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition. Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships. Various agencies and regulatory organizations have enacted or are considering new regulations or policies, such as stricter emission limits to reduce greenhouse gas effects, which could adversely impact the cruise industry. 
 Our guest and employee relationships provide us with access to sensitive data. We are subject to laws and requirements related to the treatment and protection of such sensitive data. We may be subject to legal liability and reputational damage if we do not comply with data privacy and protection regulations. Various governments, agencies and regulatory organizations have enacted and are considering new regulations and implementation of rules for existing regulations. Additional requirements could negatively impact our ability to market cruises to consumers and increase our costs. 
 Among other regulations, we are subject to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR and UK General Data Protection Regulation UK GDPR ), which impose significant obligations to businesses that sell products or services to EU and UK customers or otherwise control or process personal data of EU or UK residents. Should we violate or not comply with the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR, or any other applicable laws or regulations, contractual requirements relating to data security and privacy, either intentionally or unintentionally, or through the acts of intermediaries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as subject us to significant fines, litigation, losses, third-party damages and other liabilities. 
 We are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by tax authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate. There can be no assurance that the outcome from these examinations will not adversely affect our profitability. 
 As budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income or other taxes affecting our operations may be imposed. Some social activist groups have lobbied for more taxation on income generated by cruise 
 25 

companies. Certain groups have also generated negative publicity for us. In recent years, certain members of the U.S. Congress have proposed various forms of legislation that would result in higher taxation on income generated by cruise companies. 
 Our global operations subject us to potential liability under anti-corruption, economic sanctions, and other laws and regulations. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations Anti-Corruption Laws prohibit corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents. While we devote substantial resources to our global compliance programs and have implemented policies, training, and internal controls designed to reduce the risk of corrupt payments, our employees, vendors, or agents may violate our policies. Our failure to comply with Anti-Corruption Laws could result in significant fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions or limitations on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. Operations outside the U.S. may also be affected by changes in economic sanctions, trade protection laws, policies, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. We may be subject to legal liability and reputational damage if we improperly sell goods or otherwise operate improperly in areas subject to economic sanctions such as Crimea, Iran, North Korea, Cuba, Sudan, and Syria, or if we improperly engage in business transactions with persons subject to economic sanctions. 
 These various international laws and regulations could lead and have led to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in significant awards or settlements to plaintiffs and civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or profitability, even if the monetary damage is mitigated by our insurance coverage. 
 As a result of ship or other incidents, litigation claims, enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, without limitation, those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal waters and the surrounding areas, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us. The time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. We may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments, fines, or civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined and not covered by our insurance policies. 
 We Could be Subject to Governmental Investigations or Penalties, Legal Proceedings, Litigation, and Class Actions that Could Adversely Impact our Reputation, Financial Condition, and Results of Operations 
 
 Legal proceedings or litigation against us brought by our employees, customers, cruise line partners, resort partners, shareholders, creditors or others could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including damages payments, payments under settlement agreements and fines. Disagreements with our cruise line or destination resort partners could also result in litigation. The nature of our responsibilities under our agreements with cruise line and destination resort partners enforce the standards required for our brands and may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for payments, reimbursements and other costs. We seek to resolve any disagreements to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential cruise line and destination resort partners, but we cannot provide assurance that we can always do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements may result in litigation in the future. If any such litigation results in an adverse judgment, settlement, or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained. 
 While payments under some claims and lawsuits, or settlements of claims and lawsuits, may be covered by insurance such that the maximum amount of our liability, net of any insurance recoverable, could be typically limited to our self-insurance retention levels, we cannot guaranty such an outcome in all instances. 
 Product Liability and Other Potential Claims Could Adversely Affect Us 
 
 The nature and use of our products and services could give rise to liability if a customer were injured while receiving one of our services. Guests at our health and wellness centers could be injured, among other things, in connection with their use of our fitness equipment, sauna facilities or other facilities. If any of these events occurred, we could incur substantial litigation expense and be required to make payments in connection with settlements of claims or as a result of judgments against us. 
 
 We maintain insurance to cover a number of risks associated with our business. While we seek to obtain comprehensive insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates, we cannot be certain that appropriate insurance will be available to us in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our insurance policies are subject to coverage limit, exclusions and deductible levels and are subject to non-renewal upon termination at the option of the applicable insurance company. Our inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates for the potential liabilities that we face could have a material adverse effect on 
 26 

our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in connection with insured claims, we bear the risks associated with the fact that insurers often control decisions relating to pre-trial settlement of claims and other significant aspects of claims and their decisions may prove to not be in our best interest in all cases. 
 We believe that our current coverage is adequate to protect us against most of the significant risks involved in the conduct of our business, but we self-insure or use higher deductibles for various risks. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks (including failures by third-party service providers such as insurance brokers to fulfill their duties), which could result in unexpected increases in our expenses in the event of certain claims against us. 
 If the types of services we offer increase, the potential for claims against us also could increase. We self-insure potential claims regarding certain of our medi-spa services. High visibility claims also could cause us to receive adverse publicity and suffer a loss of sales, and, therefore, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected in such cases. We are, and may in the future be, subject to other legal proceedings, including claims presented as class actions. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of individual matters. It is reasonably possible that the final resolution of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Indebtedness Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Ability to Operate and We May Incur Additional Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 215.7 million of secured indebtedness under our First Lien Term Loan Facility and Second Lien Term Loan Facility, and our First Lien Revolving Facility (collectively, the Credit Facilities ). Our debt level and the terms of our financing arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our growth strategies. In addition, under the Credit Facilities, certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries have granted the lenders a security interest in substantially all of their assets. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by the other risk factors described herein. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell our assets, borrow more money or raise equity. We may not be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. 
 
 The Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 Our Credit Facilities Contain Financial and Other Covenants. The Failure to Comply with Such Covenants Could Have An Adverse Effect on Us 
 Our Credit Facilities contain certain financial covenants and a number of traditional negative covenants, including limitations on our ability to, among other things, incur and/or undertake asset sales and other dispositions, liens, indebtedness, certain acquisitions, and investments, consolidations, mergers, reorganizations and other fundamental changes, payment of dividends and other distributions to equity and warrant holders and prepayments of material subordinated debt, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of the Credit Facilities may result in an event of default under the agreements. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Facilities are entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Credit Facilities and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor, subject to customary intercreditor provisions among the first and second lien secured parties. 
 Our First and Second Lien Term Facilities Are Tied to LIBOR 
 The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, stopped persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021, and on December 31, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, with the support of the Federal Reserve Board and the FCA, ceased publication of USD LIBOR for the one week and two month U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors. Publications related to all other LIBOR tenors will cease immediately on June 30, 2023. In the U.S, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee formally recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, plus a recommended spread adjustment, as the replacement for USD LIBOR. The application of or transition to SOFR or any other alternative reference rate could increase our interest expense or may introduce operational risks in our accounting or financial reporting and other aspects of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had 215.7 million in outstanding indebtedness tied to LIBOR and are currently renegotiating certain of our financing agreements. 
 Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect our borrowing costs, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 27 

If We Are Unable to Execute Our Growth Strategies, Including Our Ability to Offer and Integrate New Services and Products, Our Business Could Be Adversely Affected 
 
 The demands of consumers with respect to health and wellness services and products continue to evolve. Among other things, there is a continuing trend to add services at health and wellness centers similar to those traditionally provided in medical facilities, including services relating to skin care. If we are unable to identify and capture new audiences, our ability to successfully integrate additional services and products will be adversely affected. Our ability to provide certain additional services depends on our ability to find appropriate third parties with whom to work in connection with these services and, in certain cases, could be dependent on our ability to fund substantial costs. We cannot assure that we will be able to find such appropriate third parties or be able to fund such costs. We also cannot assure that we will be able to continue to expand our health and wellness services sufficiently to keep up with consumer demand. Accordingly, we may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategies or continue to maintain sales at our current rate, or at all. If we fail to implement our growth strategies, our revenue and profitability may be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our Business Could Be Adversely Affected if We Are Unable to Successfully Protect Our Trademarks or Obtain New Trademarks 
 
 The market for our services and products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our brand names. Although we take appropriate steps to protect our brand names, in the future, we may not be successful in asserting trademark protection in connection with our efforts to grow our business or otherwise due to the nature of certain of our marks or for other reasons. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and trade names may be substantial. If other parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, the value of our brands in the marketplace may be diluted. In addition, any infringement of our intellectual property rights would likely result in a commitment of our time and resources to protect these rights through litigation or otherwise. One or more adverse judgments with respect to these intellectual property rights could negatively impact our ability to compete and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We Are Subject to Currency Risk 
 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates compared to the U.S. Dollar can impact our results of operations, most significantly because we pay for the administration of recruitment and training of our shipboard personnel in U.K. Pounds Sterling and Euros. Accordingly, while the relative strength of the U.S. Dollar has improved recently, renewed weakness of the U.S. Dollar against those currencies can adversely affect our results of operations, as has occurred in some recent years. To the extent that the U.K. Pound Sterling or the Euro is stronger than the U.S. Dollar, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 We May Be Exposed to the Threat of Cyber Attacks and/or Data Breaches, which Could Cause Business Disruptions and Loss 
 
 Cyberattacks can vary in scope and intent from economically driven attacks to malicious attacks targeting our key operating systems with the intent to disrupt, disable or otherwise cripple our maritime and/or land-based operations. This can include any combination of phishing attacks, malware and/or viruses targeted at our key systems. The breadth and scope of this threat has grown over time, and the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyberattacks, as well as the sources and targets of the attacks, change frequently. While we invest time, effort and capital resources to secure our key systems and networks, we cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all such attacks. 
 A successful cyberattack may target us directly, or may be the result of a third-party vendor s inadequate care. In either scenario, we may suffer damage to our key systems and/or data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments. 
 Even if we are fully compliant with legal and/or industry standards and any relevant contractual requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data and/or critical systems. Any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. Further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 28 

Cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. In February 2018, the SEC issued guidance stating that public companies are expected to have controls and procedures that relate to cybersecurity disclosure, and are required under the federal securities laws to disclose information relating to certain cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. In March 2022, the SEC proposed new cybersecurity disclosure requirements intended to increase the transparency of publicly traded organizations cybersecurity practices, and has placed cybersecurity risk disclosure and compliance requirements on its rule-making agenda for 2023. If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 Changes in Privacy Law Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to Market Our Services Effectively 
 
 Our ability to market our services effectively is an important component of our business. We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including telemarketing, email marketing, and direct mail. Any further restrictions under laws such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, the EU and UK GDPR, and various United States state laws or new federal laws regarding marketing and solicitation, or international data protection laws that govern these activities, could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of telemarketing, email, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. If this were to occur, we may be unable to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact our ability to effectively market and sell our services. 
 
 If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations relating to the protection of data privacy, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings. In addition, our relationships and reputation could be harmed, which could inhibit our ability to retain existing cruise line and destination resort partners. Further, if more restrictive privacy laws or rules are adopted by authorities in the future, our compliance costs may increase and our ability to perform due diligence on, and monitor the risk of, our current and potential cruise line and destination resort partners may decrease, which could create liability for us. Additionally, our opportunities for growth may be curtailed by our compliance capabilities or reputational harm, and our potential liability for security breaches may increase. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 Steiner Leisure Owns a Significant Portion of Our Shares and Has Representation on Our Board; Steiner Leisure May Have Interests That Differ from Those of Other Shareholders 
 
 As of the date of this report, approximately 21 of our common shares are beneficially owned by Steiner Leisure. Two of our directors were nominated by Steiner Leisure, and as a result, Steiner Leisure may be able to significantly influence the outcome of matters submitted for director action, subject to our directors obligation to act in the interest of all of our shareholders, and for shareholder action, including the designation and appointment of the OneSpaWorld Board of Directors (and committees thereof) and approval of significant corporate transactions, including business combinations, consolidations and mergers. The influence of Steiner Leisure over our management could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our common shares to decline or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the market price for our common shares. 
 29 

Under the Business Opportunities section of our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Second Amended and Restated Articles of Association (our Articles ), among other things, we have renounced any interest or expectancy of us or our subsidiaries being offered an opportunity to participate in any potential transaction opportunities available to Steiner Leisure and certain of its affiliates and related parties, such parties have no obligation to communicate or offer such potential transaction opportunities to us, and such parties will have no duty to refrain from engaging in the same or similar businesses as us. Prospective investors in our common shares should consider that the interests of Steiner Leisure may differ from their interests in material respects. 
 
 If We Fail to Maintain an Effective System of Internal Control over Financial Reporting, We May Not Be Able to Accurately Report Our Financial Results or Prevent Fraud; as a Result, Shareholders Could Lose Confidence in Our Financial and Other Public Reporting, Which Is Likely to Negatively Affect Our Business and the Market Price of Our Common Shares 
 Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in our implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing conducted by us, or any testing conducted by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which is likely to negatively affect our business and the market price of our shares. 
 We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the date we became a public company, until 2024. In the event we satisfy certain requirements, including, without limitation, qualifying as a large accelerated filer due the aggregate market value of our common shares held by non-affiliates exceeding 700 million, our independent registered public accounting firm would be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
 The Market Price and Trading Volume of Our Common Shares Has Been and May Continue to Be Volatile 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our common shares may be volatile and could decline significantly, as recently happened as a result of COVID-19 and related economic uncertainty. We cannot assure that the market price of our common shares will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 the recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic or emergence of a new epidemic or pandemic; 

the realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

actual or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial condition; 

performance and departures of key personnel; 

failure to comply with the requirements of Nasdaq; 

failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations; 

future issuances, sales or resales, or anticipated issuances, sales or resales, of our common shares; 

publication of research reports about us, the cruise industry, or the hospitality industry generally; 

the performance and market valuations of our cruise line partners and of companies in the travel leisure industry; 

30 

broad disruptions in the financial markets, as occurred as a result of the recent pandemic, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets; 

speculation in the press or investment community with respect to the factors impacting our business, including the risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

actual, potential or perceived operational and internal control, accounting or financial reporting issues; and 

changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines. 

In the past, securities class-action litigation has been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their shares. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, materially adversely impacting our business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 If Securities or Industry Analysts Do Not Publish Research, Publish Inaccurate or Unfavorable Research or Cease Publishing Research About Us, Our Share Price and Trading Volume Could Decline Significantly 
 
 The market for our common shares will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade their opinions about our business or our common shares, publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, or cease publishing about us regularly, demand for our common shares could decrease, which might cause our share price and trading volume to decline significantly. 
 
 Future Issuances of Debt Securities and/or Equity Securities May Adversely Affect Us, Including the Market Price of Our Common Shares, and May Be Dilutive to Our Existing Shareholders 
 
 In the future, we may incur debt and/or issue equity ranking senior to our common shares. Those securities will generally have priority upon liquidation. Such securities also may be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common shares. Because our decision to issue debt and/or equity in the future will depend, in part, on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. As a result, future capital raising efforts may reduce the market price of our common shares and be dilutive to our existing shareholders. 
 
 You May Have Difficulty Enforcing Judgments Against Us 
 
 We are an international business company incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas. A substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible to: 
 
 effect service of process within the United States upon us; or 

enforce, against us, court judgments obtained in U.S. courts, including judgments relating to U.S. federal securities laws. 

It is unlikely that Bahamian courts would entertain original actions against Bahamian companies, their directors or officers predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws. The Bahamian courts may apply any rule of Bahamian law which is mandatory irrespective of the governing law and may refuse to apply a rule of such governing law of the relevant documents, if it is manifestly incompatible with the public policy of The Bahamas. Furthermore, judgments based upon any civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws are not directly enforceable in The Bahamas. Rather, a lawsuit must be brought in The Bahamas on any such judgment. The courts of The Bahamas would recognize a U.S. judgment as a valid judgment, and permit the same to provide the basis of a fresh action in The Bahamas and should give a judgment based thereon without there being a re-trial or reconsideration of the merits of the case provided that (i) the courts in the United States had proper jurisdiction under Bahamian conflict of law rules over the parties subject to such judgment, (ii) the judgment is for a debt or definite sum of money other than a sum payable in respect of taxes or charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or penalty, (iii) the U.S. courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of The Bahamas, (iv) the judgment was not obtained by fraud on the part of the party in whose favor the judgment was given or of the court pronouncing it, (v) the enforcement of such judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of The Bahamas, (vi) the correct procedures under the laws of The Bahamas are duly complied with, (vii) the judgment is not inconsistent with a prior Bahamian judgment in respect of the same matter and (viii) enforcement proceedings are instituted within six years after the date of such judgment. 
 31 

Certain Provisions in Our Articles May Limit Shareholders Ability to Affect a Change in Management or Control 
 
 Our Articles include certain provisions which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a future takeover or change in control of us that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. Among other things, our Articles provide for a classified Board serving staggered terms of three years, super majority voting requirements with respect to certain significant transactions and restrictions on the acquisition of greater than 9.99 ownership without our Board s approval. Our equity plans and our officers employment agreements provide certain rights to plan participants and those officers, respectively, in the event of a change in control of us. Additionally, with the 2020 Private Placement and the related Investment Agreement, our Articles were amended to create a new class of non-voting common shares (the Non-Voting Common Shares ). The Non-Voting Common shares will automatically be converted into Voting Common Shares upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Articles. Each Non-Voting Common Share will automatically convert into one Voting Common Share, upon the occurrence of a Qualified Transfer of such Non-Voting Common Share or with the prior consent of our Board of Directors. A Qualified Transfer means a transfer (x) to a third party that is not (1) an affiliate of such holder nor (2) a person whose ownership thereof would result in such shares being treated as constructively owned by such holder under Section 958(b) of the U.S. Tax Code, applicable Treasury Regulations and other official guidance (a Person described in this clause (x), an Unrelated Person ), and (y) that is not otherwise prohibited under the Articles. This may dilute the voting power of the current common shareholders. In addition to the Non-Voting Shares, we have issued deferred shares and warrants as more fully described elsewhere in this report. These deferred shares and warrants may further reduce the control and voting power of a common shareholder. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 
 Our destination resort spas are operated under agreements with the destination resort operators or owners, as the case may be, of those venues. Our other facilities, including our warehouses, are leased from the owners of the venues where they are located. Our principal office is located in Nassau, The Bahamas, and we lease an office building in Coral Gables, Florida where certain administrative functions are located. 
 We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current and planned levels of operations and that alternative sites are readily available on competitive terms in the event that any of our material leases are not renewed. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 None. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHA REHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common shares are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OSW. As of February 17, 2023, there were 19 registered holders of our common shares and one registered holder of non-voting common shares. 
 Dividends 
 We adopted a cash dividend program in November 2019, with an initial quarterly cash dividend payment of 0.04 per common share. However, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, our Board of Directors re-evaluated our current dividend program and has determined, in order to increase our financial flexibility and reallocate our capital resources, to defer the previously authorized and declared quarterly dividend to be paid on May 29, 2020 and to temporarily suspend the dividend program until further notice. 
 32 

Repurchases and Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We have no recent repurchases of any securities or sales of any unregistered securities. 
 33 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our common shares against the cumulative total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) of the Nasdaq Composite (United States and Foreign) Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Travel and Leisure Index for the period beginning March 19, 2019 and ending December 31, 2022. 
 
 The graph assumes that 100.00 was invested on March 19, 2019 in our common shares and in each of the comparative indices. The share price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future share price performance. 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, the Nasdaq Composite Index, and the Dow Jones US Travel Leisure Index 

OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited 
 
 Nasdaq Composite 
 
 Dow Jones U.S. Travel Leisure 

March 19, 2019 
 
 100.00 
 
 100.00 
 
 100.00 

August 31, 2019 
 
 128.06 
 
 103.09 
 
 107.58 

January 31, 2020 
 
 122.72 
 
 118.47 
 
 109.20 

June 30, 2020 
 
 39.00 
 
 130.23 
 
 78.34 

November 30, 2020 
 
 72.28 
 
 157.93 
 
 101.28 

April 30, 2021 
 
 87.12 
 
 180.77 
 
 117.94 

September 30, 2021 
 
 81.52 
 
 187.06 
 
 113.83 

February 28, 2022 
 
 84.54 
 
 178.04 
 
 108.16 

July 31, 2022 
 
 58.95 
 
 160.42 
 
 96.00 

December 31, 2022 
 
 76.28 
 
 135.51 
 
 97.57 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 34 

The following tables contain selected historical financial data for the Company. The information below should be read in conjunction with the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company, and the notes related thereto, included elsewhere in this report. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(In thousands) 

REVENUES 

Service revenues 
 
 446,518 

115,945 

93,682 

Product revenues 
 
 99,741 

28,086 

27,243 

Total revenues 
 
 546,259 

144,031 

120,925 

COST OF REVENUES AND OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of services 
 
 375,136 

108,939 

107,258 

Cost of products 
 
 87,555 

26,646 

31,976 

Administrative 
 
 15,777 

15,526 

18,957 

Salary, benefits and payroll taxes 
 
 35,830 

28,151 

20,138 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 16,823 

16,829 

16,823 

Goodwill and tradename intangible assets impairment 

190,777 

Total cost of revenues and operating expenses 
 
 531,121 

196,091 

385,929 

Income (loss) from operations 
 
 15,138 

(52,060) 
 
 (265,004) 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET 

Interest expense 
 
 (15,755) 
 
 (13,488) 
 
 (16,089) 

Interest income 

55 

30 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 54,400 

(2,600) 
 
 (6,100) 

Total other income (expense), net 
 
 38,645 

(16,033) 
 
 (22,159) 

Income (loss) before income tax expense 
 
 53,783 

(68,093) 
 
 (287,163) 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 
 
 624 

429 

814 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 53,159 

(68,522) 
 
 (287,977) 

Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 
 50,384 

(18,946) 
 
 (42,748) 

Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow (1) 
 
 45,125 

(21,974) 
 
 (45,015) 

Conversion 
 
 89.6 

116.0 

105.3 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Balance Sheet Data (In thousands): 

Working Capital (2) 
 
 15,068 

4,249 

1,659 

Total Assets 
 
 717,435 

688,868 

702,279 

Total Liabilities 
 
 351,626 

394,964 

381,451 

Total Shareholders' Equity 
 
 365,809 

293,904 

320,828 

(1) We define Adjusted EBITDA as Net Income plus Provision for Income Taxes, Other Income, Noncontrolling Interest, Interest Expense and Warrant Issuance Costs, Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities and Depreciation Amortization, with adjustments for non-recurring items, related party transactions, contribution from the historical timetospa.com channel, purchase price accounting adjustments, discrepancies between cash and booked Provision for Income Taxes and non-cash contract expenses. We define Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow as Adjusted EBITDA minus capital expenditures and cash taxes paid. 

(2) Working capital calculated as current assets less current liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. 

35 

The following table reconciles Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Income (Loss) 
 
 53,159 

(68,522) 

(287,977) 

Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 
 624 

429 

814 

Interest Income 

(55) 

(30) 

Interest expense and warrant issuance costs 
 
 15,755 

13,488 

16,089 

Goodwill and trade name impairment charges 

190,777 

Depreciation Amortization 
 
 22,353 

22,468 

24,453 

Stock-based Compensation 
 
 12,893 

10,646 

4,950 

Business Combination Costs (a) 

1,619 

Addback for Non-Cash Prepaid Expenses (b) 

457 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 (54,400) 

2,600 

6,100 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 50,384 

(18,946) 

(42,748) 

Capital Expenditures 
 
 (4,825) 

(2,868) 

(2,132) 

Cash Taxes (c) 
 
 (434) 

(160) 

(135) 

Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow 
 
 45,125 

(21,974) 

(45,015) 

Conversion (d) 
 
 89.6 

116.0 

105.3 

(a) Business Combination costs refers primarily to legal and advisory fees incurred by OneSpaWorld in connection with the Business Combination. 

(b) Addback for Non-Cash Prepaid Expenses refers to non-cash expenses incurred in connection with certain contracts. 

(c) Cash Taxes refers to cash taxes paid or payable. 

(d) Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow Conversion is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA less Capital Expenditures and Provision for Income Taxes, divided by Adjusted EBITDA 

Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 We believe that these non-GAAP measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, and not in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results of operations under GAAP, are useful to investors as they are widely used measures of performance and the adjustments we make to these non-GAAP measures provide investors further insight into our profitability and additional perspectives in comparing our performance to other companies and in comparing our performance over time on a consistent basis. Adjusted EBITDA and Unlevered After-Tax Free Cash Flow have limitations as profitability measures in that they do not include total amounts for interest expense and warrant issuance costs on our debt, change in fair value of warrant liabilities and provision for income taxes, and the effect of our expenditures for capital assets and certain intangible assets. In addition, all of these non-GAAP measures have limitations as profitability measures in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses related to items that are settled in cash. Because of these limitations, the Company relies primarily on its GAAP results. 
 In the future, we may incur expenses similar to those for which adjustments are made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as a basis to infer that our future results will be unaffected by extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items. 
 36 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 General 
 The following discussion and analysis of our audited financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the information presented in Selected Historical Financial Information and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our expectation for future performance, liquidity, and capital resources, that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include those identified below and those described in the sections entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 
 The information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is derived from OneSpaWorld s audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 
 Any reference to OneSpaWorld refers to OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and our consolidated subsidiaries on a forward-looking basis. 
 Overview 
 During 2022, we continued to execute our resumption of our health and wellness centers operations on cruise ships and in destination resorts. As of December 31, 2022, 179 ships of our cruise line partners and 50 destination resort spas were operating. Despite the impacts of the recent pandemic on the travel leisure industry and our business, we believe we have certain strengths that have positioned us as a leader in the hospitality-based health and wellness industry and as a participant in the continued recovery of the cruise and hospitality industries. 
 OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited OneSpaWorld, the Company, we, our, us and other similar terms refer to OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries) is the pre-eminent global operator of health and wellness centers onboard cruise ships and a leading operator of health and wellness centers at destination resorts worldwide. Our highly trained and experienced staff offered guests a comprehensive suite of premium health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and products onboard cruise ships and at destination resorts globally. We are the market leader at more than 20x the size of our closest maritime competitor. Over the last 50 years, we have built our leading market position on our depth of staff expertise, broad and innovative service and product offerings, expansive global recruitment, training and logistics platform as well as decades-long relationships with cruise line and destination resort partners. Throughout our history, our mission has been simple: helping guests look and feel their best during and after their stay. 
 At our core, we are a global services company. We serve a critical role for our cruise line and destination resort partners, operating a complex and increasingly important aspect of our cruise line and destination resort partners overall guest experience. Decades of investment and know-how have allowed us to construct an unmatched global infrastructure to manage the complexity of our operations. We have consistently expanded our onboard offerings with innovative and leading-edge service and product introductions, and developed the powerful back-end recruiting, training and logistics platforms to manage our operational complexity, maintain our industry-leading quality standards, and maximize revenue and profitability per center. The combination of our renowned recruiting and training platform, deep proprietary labor pool, global logistics and supply chain infrastructure and proven health and wellness center and revenue management capabilities represents a significant competitive advantage that we believe is not economically feasible to replicate. 
 A significant portion of our revenues are generated from our cruise ship operations. Historically, we have been able to renew almost all of our cruise line agreements that expired or were scheduled to expire. In August 2021, we extended our current agreement with Azamara through May 2026. In November 2022, we extended our current agreement with Norwegian Cruise Lines through December 2029 for all ships across their three brands. On land, we have longstanding relationships with the world s leading destination hotel and resort operators, including Marriott, Hilton, Wyndham, Atlantis, ClubMed, Caesars Entertainment, Lotte, Loews, Four Seasons, and Mohegan Sun, among others. 
 37 

Key Performance Indicators 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider several key performance indicators used by management. These key indicators include: 
 Period End Ship Count . The number of ships at period end on which we operate health and wellness centers. This is a key metric that impacts revenue and profitability. 

Average Ship Count . The number of ships, on average during the period, on which we operate health and wellness centers. This is a key metric that impacts revenue and profitability and reflects the fact that during the period ships were in and out of service and is calculated by adding the total number of days that each of the ships generated revenue during the period, divided by the number of calendar days during the period. 

Average Weekly Revenue Per Ship . A key indicator of productivity per ship. Revenue per ship can be affected by the various sizes of health and wellness centers and categories of ships on which we serve. 

Average Revenue Per Shipboard Staff Per Day . We utilize this performance metric to assist in determining the productivity of our onboard staff, which we believe is a critical element of our operations. 

Period End Resort Count . The number of destination resorts at period end on which we operate the health and wellness centers. This is a key metric that impacts revenue and profitability. 

Average Resort Count. The number of destination resorts on average during the period on which we operate the health and wellness centers. This is a key metric that impacts revenue and profitability and reflects the fact that during the period destination resort health and wellness centers were in and out of service and is calculated by adding the total number of days that each destination resort health and wellness center generated revenue during the period, divided by the number of calendar days during the period. 

Average Weekly Revenue Per Destination . A key indicator of productivity per destination resort health and wellness center. Revenue per destination resort health and wellness center in a period can be affected by the mix of U.S. and Caribbean and Asian centers for such period because U.S. and Caribbean centers are typically larger and produce substantially more revenues per center than Asian centers. Additionally, average weekly revenue can also be negatively impacted by renovations of our destination resort health and wellness centers. 

Due to the impact of COVID-19 on our operations in 2020, the data for the year ended December 31, 2020 is not meaningful and not included. The following table sets forth the above key performance indicators for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Period End Ship Count 
 
 179 

170 

Average Ship Count 
 
 146 

36 

Average Weekly Revenue Per Ship 
 
 66,494 

59,933 

Average Revenue Per Shipboard Staff Per Day 
 
 539 

492 

Period End Resort Count 
 
 50 

52 

Average Resort Count 
 
 47 

46 

Average Weekly Revenue Per Destination Resort 
 
 14,946 

12,175 

Key Financial Definitions 
 Revenues. Revenues consist primarily of sales of services and sales of products to cruise ship passengers and destination resort guests. The following is a brief description of the components of our revenues: 
 Service revenues. Service revenues consist primarily of sales of health and wellness services, including a full range of massage treatments, facial treatments, nutritional/weight management consultations, teeth whitening, mindfulness services and medi-spa services to cruise ship passengers and destination resort guests. We bill our services at rates which inherently include an immaterial charge for products used in the rendering of such services, if applicable. 

38 

Product revenues. Product revenues consist primarily of sales of health and wellness products, such as facial skincare, body care, orthotics and detox supplements to cruise ship passengers, destination resort guests and timetospa.com customers. 

Cost of services. Cost of services consists primarily of an allocable portion of payments to cruise lines (which are derived as a percentage of service revenues or a minimum annual rent or a combination of both), an allocable portion of wages paid to shipboard employees, an allocable portion of staff-related shipboard expenses, costs related to recruitment and training of shipboard employees, wages paid directly to destination resort employees, payments to destination resort venue owners, the allocable cost of products consumed in the rendering of a service and health and wellness center depreciation. Cost of services has historically been highly variable; increases and decreases in cost of services are primarily attributable to a corresponding increase or decrease in service revenues. Cost of services has tended to remain consistent as a percentage of service revenues. 
 Cost of products. Cost of products consists primarily of the cost of products sold through our various methods of distribution, an allocable portion of wages paid to shipboard employees and an allocable portion of payments to cruise lines and destination resort partners (which are derived as a percentage of product revenues or a minimum annual rent or a combination of both). Cost of products has historically been highly variable, increases and decreases in cost of products are primarily attributable to a corresponding increase or decrease in product revenues and includes impairment of inventories. Cost of products has tended to remain consistent as a percentage of product revenues. 
 Administrative. Administrative expenses are comprised of expenses associated with corporate and administrative functions that support our business, including fees for professional services, insurance, headquarters rent and other general corporate expenses. 
 Salary, benefits and payroll taxes. Salary, benefits and payroll taxes are comprised of employee expenses associated with corporate and administrative functions that support our business, including fees for employee salaries, bonuses, stock based compensation, payroll taxes, pension/401(k) and other employee costs. 
 Amortization of intangible assets. Amortization of intangible assets are comprised of the amortization of intangible assets with definite useful lives (e.g. retail concession agreements, destination resort agreements, licensing agreements) and amortization expenses associated with the 2015 and 2019 Transactions. 
 Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense) consists of royalty income, interest income, interest expense and noncontrolling interest expense. 
 Provision for income taxes. Provision for income taxes includes current and deferred federal income tax expenses, as well as state and local income taxes. See Critical Accounting Policies Income Taxes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Net income (loss). Net income (loss) consists of income (loss) from operations less other income (expense) and provision for income taxes. 
 Revenue Drivers and Business Trends 
 Our revenues and financial performance are impacted by a multitude of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 The impact of COVID-19 . Our health and wellness centers onboard cruise ships and in select destination resorts were negatively impacted by, and are continuing to recover from, the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The number of ships and destination resorts in which we operate health and wellness centers. Revenue is impacted by net new ship growth, ships out of service, unanticipated dry-docks, ships prevented from sailing due to outbreaks of illnesses, such as the recent pandemic, and the number of destination resort health and wellness centers operating in each period. 

The size and offerings of new health and wellness centers . We have focused our attention on the innovation and provision of higher value added and price point services such as medi-spa and advanced facial techniques, which require treatment rooms equipped with specific equipment and staff trained to perform these services. As our cruise line partners continue to invest in new ships with enhanced health and wellness centers that allow for more advanced treatment rooms and larger staff sizes, we are able to increase the availability of these services, driving an overall shift towards a more attractive service mix. 

Expansion of value-added services and products across modalities in existing health and wellness centers . We continue to expand our higher value added and price point offerings in existing health and wellness centers, including introducing premium medi-spa services, resulting in higher guest spending. 

39 

The mix of ship count across contemporary, premium, luxury and budget categories . Revenue generated per shipboard health and wellness center differs across contemporary, premium, luxury and budget ship categories due to the size of the health and wellness centers, services offered, guest demographics and guest spending patterns. 

The mix of cruise geography and itinerary . Revenue generated per shipboard health and wellness center is influenced by each cruise itinerary including the number of sea versus port days, which impacts center utilization, as well as the geographic sailing region which may impact offerings of services and products to best address guest preferences. 

Collaboration with cruise line partners, including targeted marketing and promotion initiatives, as well as implementation of proprietary technologies to increase center utilization via pre-booking and pre-payment . We are now directly marketing and distributing promotions to onboard passengers as a result of enhanced collaboration with select cruise line partners. We have also begun to implement proprietary pre-booking and pre-payment technology platforms that interface with our cruise line partners pre-cruise planning systems. These areas of increased collaboration with cruise line partners are resulting in higher revenue generation across our health and wellness centers. 

The impact of weather . Our health and wellness centers onboard cruise ships and in select destination resorts may be negatively affected by hurricanes, which may be increasing in frequency and intensity due to climate change. The negative impact of hurricanes is highest during peak hurricane season from August to October. 

Other risks and uncertainties. Our revenues and financial performance may be impacted by other risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth under the section entitled Risk Factors . 

The effect of each of these factors on our revenues and financial performance varies from period to period. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 2022 

of Total Revenue 

2021 

of Total Revenue 

REVENUES 

Service revenues 
 
 446,518 

81.7 

115,945 

80.5 

Product revenues 
 
 99,741 

18.3 

28,086 

19.5 

Total revenues 
 
 546,259 

100.0 

144,031 

100.0 

COST OF REVENUES AND OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of services 
 
 375,136 

68.7 

108,939 

75.6 

Cost of products 
 
 87,555 

16.0 

26,646 

18.5 

Administrative 
 
 15,777 

2.9 

15,526 

10.8 

Salary, benefits and payroll taxes 
 
 35,830 

6.6 

28,151 

19.5 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 16,823 

3.1 

16,829 

11.7 

Total cost of revenues and operating expenses 
 
 531,121 

97.2 

196,091 

136.1 

Income (loss) from operations 
 
 15,138 

2.8 

(52,060) 

-36.1 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET 

Interest expense 
 
 (15,755) 

-2.9 

(13,488) 

-9.4 

Interest income 

0.0 

55 

0.0 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 54,400 

10.0 

(2,600) 

-1.8 

Total other income (expense), net 
 
 38,645 

7.1 

(16,033) 

-11.1 

Income (loss) before income tax expense 
 
 53,783 

9.8 

(68,093) 

-47.3 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 
 
 624 

0.1 

429 

0.3 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 53,159 

9.7 

(68,522) 

-47.6 

The results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 recovered from the material adverse impacts of COVID-19, which at its peak resulted in the cessation of operations of all of the Company s health and wellness centers on board cruise ships and the closing of or substantial restrictions imposed on the operation of substantially all of the destination resort health and wellness 
 40 

centers at the end of first quarter 2020. As of December 31, 2022, our operations have resumed on 177 cruise ships and in 48 destination resorts, as compared to 118 cruise ships and 48 destination resorts as of December 31, 2021. 
 Revenues. Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 546.3 million compared to 144.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The revenues generated in the year ended December 31, 2022 were derived primarily from our 177 health and wellness centers onboard ships having resumed voyages and our health and wellness centers at 48 open and operating destination resorts. Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting March 14, 2020 No Sail Order, with revenues derived primarily from health and wellness centers onboard 118 ships and in 48 destination resorts that were open and operating for partial periods during the twelve-month period and e-commerce Product sales through the Company s timetospa.com website. 
 The break-down of revenue between service and product revenues was as follows: 
 Service revenues Service revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 446.5 million, an increase of 330.6 million, or 285 , compared to 115.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Product revenues. Product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 99.7 million, an increase of 71.7 million, or 255 , compared to 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cost of services. Cost of services for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 375.1 million, an increase of 266.2 million, or 244 , compared to 108.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to costs associated with increased service revenues of 446.5 in the year ended December 31, 2022 from our operating health and wellness centers at sea and on land, compared with service revenues of 115.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 and increased costs related to the resumption of operations at our health and wellness centers at sea and on land. 
 Cost of products. Cost of products for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 87.6 million, an increase of 60.9 million, or 229 , compared to 26.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to costs associated with increased product revenues of 99.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to product revenues of 28.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 from our operating health and wellness centers at sea and on land. 
 Administrative. Administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 15.8 million, an increase of 0.3 million, or 2 , compared to 15.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Salary, benefits and payroll taxes. Salary, benefits and payroll taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 35.8 million, an increase of 7.7 million, or 27 , compared to 28.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a 2.2 million increase in stock-based compensation to 12.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 and the measured increase in corporate head count to account for the return to sailing and lower corporate salaries in the year ended December 31, 2021 due to salary reductions and lower corporate headcount, which were implemented due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Amortization of intangible assets. Amortization of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were both 16.8 million, respectively. 
 Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense), net includes interest expense and changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.8 million, an increase of 2.3 million, or 17 , compared to 13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in other income (expense), net was primarily attributable to the change in fair value of the outstanding warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in fair value of the outstanding warrants during the year ended December 31, 2022 was a gain of 54.4 million compared to a loss of 2.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in fair value of warrant liabilities is the result of changes in market prices deriving the value of the financial instruments. 
 Income tax expense. Income tax expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0.6 million, an increase of 0.2 million, or 45 , compared to 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by higher income in taxable jurisdictions in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Net income. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 53.2 million, a change in the income (loss) of 121.7 million, or 178 , compared to a net loss of 68.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The improvement in the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily a result of the 67.2 million change in Income (loss) from operations derived from our 177 health and wellness centers onboard ships having resumed voyages and the change in the fair value of warrant liabilities. The change in fair value of the outstanding warrants during the year ended December 31, 2022 was a gain of 54.4 million compared to a loss of 2.6 
 41 

million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in fair value of warrant liabilities is the result of changes in market prices deriving the value of the financial instruments. 
 
 Comparison of Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 2021 

of Total Revenue 

2020 

of Total Revenue 

REVENUES 

Service revenues 
 
 115,945 

80.5 

93,682 

77.5 

Product revenues 
 
 28,086 

19.5 

27,243 

22.5 

Total revenues 
 
 144,031 

100.0 

120,925 

100.0 

COST OF REVENUES AND OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of services 
 
 108,939 

75.6 

107,258 

88.7 

Cost of products 
 
 26,646 

18.5 

31,976 

26.4 

Administrative 
 
 15,526 

10.8 

18,957 

15.7 

Salary, benefits and payroll taxes 
 
 28,151 

19.5 

20,138 

16.7 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 16,829 

11.7 

16,823 

13.9 

Goodwill and tradename intangible assets impairment 

0.0 

190,777 

157.8 

Total cost of revenues and operating expenses 
 
 196,091 

136.1 

385,929 

319.1 

Loss from operations 
 
 (52,060) 

-36.1 

(265,004) 

-219.1 

OTHER EXPENSE, NET 

Interest expense 
 
 (13,488) 

-9.4 

(16,089) 

-13.3 

Interest income 
 
 55 

0.2 

30 

0.1 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 (2,600) 

-1.8 

(6,100) 

-5.0 

Total other expense, net 
 
 (16,033) 

-11.1 

(22,159) 

-18.3 

Loss before income tax expense 
 
 (68,093) 

-47.3 

(287,163) 

-237.5 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 
 
 429 

0.3 

814 

0.7 

NET LOSS 
 
 (68,522) 

-47.6 

(287,977) 

-238.1 

Revenues. Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were 144.0 million and 120.9 million, respectively. Results in both 2021 and 2020 were substantially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in the cancellation of all cruise ship voyages and closure of all destination resort health and wellness centers during mid-March 2020 through December 31, 2020. The twelve months ended December 31, 2021 revenues were derived primarily from the operations of health and wellness centers onboard ships having resumed voyages and our destination resort health and wellness centers having resumed operations primarily during the last two quarters of the year. 
 The break-down of revenue between service and product revenues was as follows: 
 Service revenues. Service revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 115.9 million, an increase of 22.2 million, or 24 , compared to 93.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The year ended December 31, 2020 included revenues before COVID-19 was declared a pandemic on March 10, 2020. The year ended December 31, 2021 included revenues related to the resumption of service at our destination resort health and wellness centers and 118 of our health and wellness centers onboard ships which had resumed operation as of December 31, 2021, with the majority of those coming into service in the third and fourth quarters. 

Product revenues. Product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 28.1 million, a decrease of 0.9 million, or 3 , compared to 27.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The year ended December 31, 2020 included revenues before COVID-19 was declared a pandemic on March 10, 2020. The year ended December 31, 2021 included product sales revenues related to the resumption of service at our destination resort health and wellness centers and 118 of our health and wellness centers onboard ships which had resumed operation as of December 31, 2021, with the majority of those coming into service in the third and fourth quarters. 

Cost of services. Cost of services for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 108.9 million, an increase of 1.6 million, or 2 , compared to 107.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the resumption of cruise line health and wellness center operations in the last two quarters of 2021 compared with our cruise line operations in the first quarter of 2020 prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 42 

Cost of products. Cost of products for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 26.6 million, a decrease of 5.4 million, or 17 , compared to 32.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was attributable to a lower amount required in 2021 versus 2020 related to the decrease in inventory write-downs for the decline in the net realizable value of inventories, principally the result of excess, slow-moving, and expiration of inventories caused by the cessation of our cruise line partners operations and, consequently, our operations, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a change in business mix. 
 Administrative. Administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 15.5 million, a decrease of 3.5 million, or 18 , compared to 19.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to a reduction in costs of recruitment and training of onboard staff as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, structural cost savings implemented by management, and higher professional fees in 2020. 
 Salary, benefits and payroll taxes. Salary, benefits and payroll taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 28.2 million, an increase of 8.1 million, or 40 , compared to 20.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to non-cash stock-based compensation expense and by the measured increase in Corporate head count to account for the return to sailing. 
 Amortization of intangible assets. Amortization of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were both 16.8 million, respectively. 
 Goodwill and trade name impairment charges. Goodwill and trade name impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2020 were 190.8 million. This was comprised of goodwill and trade name impairment charges of 190.1 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 Other (expense), net. Other (expense), net includes interest expense and warrants issuance costs, interest income and changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. Interest expense and warrants issuance cost for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 13.5 million, a increase of 2.6 million, or 16 , compared to 16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the 1.4 million warrant issuance costs during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the change in fair value of the outstanding warrants was a loss of 2.6 million compared to a loss of 6.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The change in fair value of warrants is the result of changes in market prices deriving the value of the financial instruments. 
 Income tax expense (benefit). Income tax expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 0.4 million, a decrease of 0.4 million, or 47 , compared to 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was driven by an increase in the 2020 valuation allowance offset by higher income in taxable jurisdictions in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net loss. Net loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 was 68.5 million, a decrease in net loss of 219.5 million, or 76 , compared to a net loss of 288.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in the net loss principally resulted from the non-recurring 190.8 million goodwill and tradename intangible asset impairment charge recorded in 2020 period and the resumption of operations in the last two quarters of 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 With the onset of COVID-19, we took prudently aggressive actions to increase our financial flexibility by securing and reallocating capital resources, including: (i) eliminating all non-essential operating and capital expenditures, (ii) withdrawing the Company dividend program until further notice, (iii) deferring payment of a dividend declared on February 26, 2020 until approved by the Board of Directors, (iv) the completion of the 2020 Private Placement on June 12, 2020; (v) borrowing 7 million, net, on our first lien revolving facility, leaving 13 million available and undrawn; and (vi) entering into an agreement to allow for the Company to operate its ATM Program, which permitted the Company to sell, from time to time, common shares up to an aggregate offering price of 50.0 million, pursuant to which, as of July 31, 2022, shares representing approximately 10 million remained available for sale under the Agreement, and which Agreement was terminated by the Company on August 1, 2022. We have historically funded our operations with cash flow from operations, except prior to March 19, 2019 with respect to certain expenses and operating costs that had been paid prior to the Business Combination by Steiner Leisure Limited Steiner Leisure on our behalf, and, when needed, with borrowings under our credit facility. Steiner Leisure has paid on our behalf expenses associated with the allocation of Steiner Leisure corporate overhead and costs associated with the purchase of products from related parties and forgiven by Steiner Leisure. Historical operating cash flows exclude the expenses and operating costs of Steiner Leisure's operating business acquired during the Business Combination paid by Steiner Leisure on our behalf. Consequently, our combined historical cash flows may not be indicative of cash flows had we been a separate stand-alone entity, or of our future cash flows. 
 43 

Our results continued to experience significant recovery during the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the prior year period, building upon the positive net operating cash flows we began to generate for the first time since the onset of COVID-19 in the second quarter of 2022. Taking into account the actions described above and our current resources, we have concluded that we will have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our obligations over the next 12 months and comply with all debt covenants as required by our debt agreements. Our principal uses for liquidity have been debt service and working capital. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table shows summary cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 
 
 53,159 

(68,522) 
 
 (287,977) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 22,353 

22,468 

24,453 

Goodwill and trade name impairment charges 

190,777 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 12,893 

10,646 

4,950 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 
 1,103 

1,026 

1,026 

Warrant issuance costs 

1,386 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 (54,400) 
 
 2,600 

6,100 

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 
 18 

453 

172 

Inventories impairment charges 

3,977 

6,000 

Loss from write-offs of property and equipment 
 
 10 

177 

90 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 (181) 
 
 89 

1,575 

Change in working capital 
 
 (10,192) 
 
 (8,018) 
 
 14,898 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 
 24,763 

(35,104) 
 
 (36,550) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital expenditures 
 
 (4,825) 
 
 (2,868) 
 
 (2,132) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (4,825) 
 
 (2,868) 
 
 (2,132) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from 2020 private placement, net of issuance costs paid 

68,602 

Proceeds from At-the Market Equity Offering, net of issuance costs paid 

27,474 

11,090 

Proceeds from the term loan and revolver facilities 

20,000 

Proceeds from exercise of public warrants 
 
 59 

Repayment on term loan and revolver facilities 
 
 (18,776) 

(13,000) 

Dividend paid on common stock 

(2,445) 

Purchase of public warrants 

(879) 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 

(4,011) 

Cash paid to acquire noncontrolling interest 

(10,810) 

Net cash provided (used in) by financing activities 
 
 (18,717) 
 
 27,474 

68,547 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 (792) 
 
 (117) 
 
 (280) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 429 

(10,615) 
 
 29,585 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, Beginning of period 
 
 32,833 

43,448 

13,863 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, End of period 
 
 33,262 

32,833 

43,448 

Comparison of Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Operating activities . Our net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 24.8 million and (35.1) million, respectively. The year ended December 31, 2022 net operating cash flows were significantly impacted by the ongoing resumption of our health and wellness operation onboard vessels and in destination resorts. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred a deficit in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, as the Company had substantially reduced revenues from operations onboard cruise ships and substantially reduced revenues from operations in destination resorts due to the COVID-19 pandemic, while still incurring operating expenses. 
 Investing activities . Our net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were (4.8) million and (2.9) million, respectively. In the year ended ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred more capital expenditures than in the year ended December 31, 2021, during which the Company incurred more limited capital expenditures due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 44 

Financing activities . Our net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were (18.7) million and 27.5 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31 2022, the Company repaid 11.8 million on the term loan facilities, 7.0 million on the revolving facility and received proceeds from the exercise of public warrants of 0.059 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 2.6 million common shares under the ATM Program, resulting in 27.5 million in net proceeds. 
 Comparison of Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Operating activities . Our net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, were (35.1) million and (36.6) million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred a cash flow deficit from operations principally due to the Net Loss for the period caused by the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on revenue generation on cruise ships, while the Company continued to incur substantial operating expenses to prepare for and execute the resumption of operations on cruise ships and in destination resorts occurring in 2021. 
 Investing activities . Our net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were (2.9) million and (2.1) million, respectively. In the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred low capital expenditures due to the COVID-19 pandemic and eliminating all non-essential capital expenditures. The 0.8 million increase in 2021 primarily resulted in capital expenditures for return to service onboard vessels during the latter part of 2021. 
 Financing activities . Our net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were 27.5 million and 68.5 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 2.6 million common shares under the ATM Program, resulting in 27.5 million in net proceeds. In the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company closed the 2020 Private Placement 68.6 million proceeds through December 31, 2020, net of issuance costs paid), paid 2.4 million in dividends on common stock, purchased the 40 noncontrolling interest of Medispa Limited for 12.3 million in a combination of 10.8 million in cash and 98,753 shares of the Company s common stock at a share price of 15.26, and borrowed a net 7.0 million under the First Lien Revolving Facility due to COVID-19. 
 Seasonality 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues are generated onboard cruise ships. Certain cruise lines, and, as a result, we have experienced varying degrees of seasonality as the demand for cruises is stronger in the Northern Hemisphere during the summer months and during holidays. Accordingly, the third quarter and holiday periods generally result in the highest revenue yields for us. Further, cruises and destination resorts have been negatively affected by the frequency and intensity of hurricanes. The negative impact of hurricanes in the Northern Hemisphere is highest during peak hurricane season from August to October. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). We have identified the policies outlined below as critical to our business operations and an understanding of our results of operations and that require the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. This discussion is not intended to be a comprehensive description of all accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by U.S. GAAP, with no need for management s judgment in their application. The impact on our business operations and any associated risks related to these policies is discussed under results of operations, below, where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other significant accounting policies, please see Note 2 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Note that our preparation of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. There can be no assurance that actual results will be consistent with those estimates. Our consolidated financial statements include the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses specifically related to our operations. We believe the assumptions and allocations underlying the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements are reasonable, appropriate, and consistently applied for the periods presented. 
 Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenues when customers obtain control of goods and services promised by the Company. The amount of revenue recognized is based on the amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received in exchange for those respective goods and services. Amounts recognized are gross of commissions to cruise line or destination resort partners, which typically withhold commissions from customer payments. We have elected to present sales taxes on a net basis and, as such, sales taxes are excluded from revenue. Revenue is reported net of discounts and net of any estimated refund liability, which is 
 45 

determined based on historical experience. We also issue gift cards for future goods or services; revenue is recognized when they are redeemed; we also recognize revenue for breakage based on past experience for gift card amounts we expect to go unredeemed. 
 Cost of Revenues. We make certain assumptions to allocate cost of revenues, which includes: 
 Cost of services. Cost of services consists primarily of the cost of product consumed in the rendering of a service, an allocable portion of wages paid to shipboard employees, an allocable portion of payments to cruise lines (which are derived as a percentage of service revenues or a minimum annual rent or a combination of both), an allocable portion of staff-related shipboard expenses, costs related to recruitment and training of shipboard employees, wages paid directly to destination resort employees, payments to destination resort venue owners, and health and wellness facility depreciation. 

Cost of products. Cost of products consists primarily of the cost of products sold through our various methods of distribution, an allocable portion of wages paid to shipboard employees, an allocable portion of payments to cruise lines and destination resort partners (which are derived as a percentage of product revenues or a minimum annual rent or a combination of both). Cost of products includes the cost of products sold through various methods of distribution. 

Cost of revenues may be affected by, among other things, sales mix, production levels, exchange rates, changes in supplier prices and discounts, purchasing and manufacturing efficiencies, tariffs, duties, freight and inventory costs, including impairment charges to reduce inventory to net realizable value, and increases in fuel costs. Certain cruise line and destination resort health and wellness center agreements provide for increases in the percentages of services and products revenues and/or, as the case may be, the amount of minimum annual payments over the terms of those agreements. These payments may also be increased under new agreements with cruise lines and destination resort health and wellness center owners that replace expiring agreements. 
 Inventories. Inventories, consisting principally of personal care products, are stated at the lower of cost, as determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. All inventory balances are comprised of finished goods used in beauty and health and wellness services or held for resale for sale to customers. Inventory reserve is recorded to write down the cost of inventory to the estimated net realizable value. The Company s evaluation of net realizable value requires judgment and is based on specific assumptions. The establishment of inventory reserves involves the estimate of the amount of inventories that will be used in health and wellness services on cruises when they return to sailing, which is uncertain and dependent on our cruise line partners and their customers who use our services. No inventory reserve was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded inventory impairment charges of 4.0 million (of which approximately 2.0 million was recorded in the three months ended December 31, 2021) and 6.0 million, respectively, for the decline in the net realizable value of inventories, which is included in Cost of products in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. This loss principally is the result of excess, slow-moving, expiration of products and damaged inventories held at our Maritime segment caused by the cessation of our cruise line partners operations and, consequently, our Maritime segment operations, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The establishment of inventory reserves involved estimating the amount of inventories that would be sold at or used in health and wellness services on cruises when they returned to sailing, which was uncertain and dependent on our cruise line partners and its customers that use our services and purchase our products. There was no incremental impairment during 2022. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets. In 2020, o ur goodwill was fully impaired as we concluded the fair value was below carrying value, which fully wrote off our Goodwill carrying value. Trade name represents our identifiable intangible asset not subject to amortization and is assessed for impairment annually each October or, more frequently, when events or circumstances dictate an interim test is necessary. The impairment assessment for trade name allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a more detailed quantitative trade name impairment test. We would perform the quantitative test if our qualitative assessment determined it was more-likely-than-not that the trade name is impaired. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative test. The qualitative assessment evaluates factors including macro-economic conditions, industry and company-specific factors, and historical company performance in assessing fair value. Our trade name would be considered impaired if its carrying value exceeds their estimated fair value. We recognized an impairment charge of 0.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of October 1, 2022 and 2021, we performed our annual trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment quantitative test and determined there was no incremental impairment. The trade name was valued through application of the relief from royalty method. Under this method, a royalty rate is applied to the revenues associated with the trade name to capture value associated with use of the name as if licensed. The resulting royalty savings are then discounted to present fair value at rates reflective of the risk and return expectations of the interests to derive its fair value as of the impairment testing date. 
 Long-Lived Assets. We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on estimated future cash flows, that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset (asset group) to future undiscounted cash flows expected to 
 46 

be generated by the asset (asset group). An asset group is the lowest level of assets and liabilities for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. When estimating future cash flows, the Company considers: 
 only the future cash flows that are directly associated with and that are expected to arise as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the asset (asset group); 

potential events and changes in circumstance affecting key estimates and assumptions; and 

the existing service potential of the asset (asset group) at the date tested. 

If an asset (asset group) is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset (asset group) exceeds our fair value. When determining the fair value of the asset (asset group), we consider the highest and best use of the assets from a market-participant perspective. The fair value measurement is generally determined through the use of independent third-party appraisals or an expected present value technique, both of which may include a discounted cash flow approach, which reflects assumptions of what market participants would utilize to price the asset (asset group). Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Assets to be abandoned, or from which no further benefit is expected, are written down to zero at the time that the determination is made and the assets are removed entirely from service. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Inflation and Economic Conditions 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material adverse effect on our revenues or results of operations. However, public demand for activities, including cruises, is influenced by general economic conditions, including inflation, global health, including epidemics or pandemics, and customer preferences. Periods of economic softness could have a material adverse effect on the cruise industry and hospitality industry upon which we are dependent. Such a slowdown could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our business, operations, results of operations and financial condition in 2021. Recurrence of the more severe aspects of the recent adverse economic conditions, as well as periods of inflation, interest rate increases, and fuel price increases, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition during the period of such recurrence. Weakness in the U.S. Dollar compared to the U.K. Pound Sterling and the Euro also could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 U.S. Tax Reform and Recent Tax Legislation 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted on March 27, 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and includes certain business and economic provisions. As a result, during 2020, the Company deferred 421,356 in payroll taxes. During 2021, the Company took the benefit of the employer retention credits. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any material deferred employer retention credits available. Additionally, the Consolidated Appropriations Act CAA ), enacted on December 27, 2020, which extended and modified certain provisions under the CARES Act, introduced new relief provisions, and extended or made permanent certain tax provisions set to expire after December 31, 2020 through 2021. The outcome was not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. 
 Concentration of credit risk. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. We maintain cash and cash equivalents with high quality financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of the destination resort spas we served represented greater than 10 of our accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, three of the cruise lines we served represented greater than 10 of our accounts receivable. We do not normally require collateral or other security to support normal credit sales. We control credit risk through credit approvals, credit limits, and monitoring procedures. 
 Accounts receivable are stated at amounts due from customers, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts with respect to accounts receivable using historical collection experience, and generally an account receivable balance is written off once it is determined to be uncollectible. We review the historical collection experience and consider 
 47 

other facts and circumstances and adjust the calculation to record an allowance for doubtful accounts as appropriate. If our current collection trends were to differ significantly from historic collection experience, we would make a corresponding adjustment to the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was 0.1 million and 0.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Bad debt expense is included within administrative operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and was zero million and 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest rate risk. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with borrowing based on a variable interest rate. Derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements and interest rate cap agreements, may be used for the purpose of managing fluctuating interest rate exposures that exist from our variable rate debt obligations that are expected to remain outstanding. Interest rate changes do not affect the market value of such debt, but could impact the amount of our interest payments, and accordingly, our future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. 
 Our policy is to manage interest rate risk through the use of a combination of fixed and floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives based upon market conditions. Our objective in managing the exposure to interest rate changes is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we have used interest rate swaps to manage net exposure to interest rate changes to our borrowings. These swaps are typically entered into with a group of financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings, thereby reducing the risk of credit loss. A hypothetical 10 change in our interest rate would change our results of operations by approximately 1.0 million. 
 Foreign currency risk . The fluctuation in currency exchange rates is not a significant risk for us, as most of our revenues are earned and expenses are incurred in U.S. Dollars. 
 While our revenues and expenses are primarily represented by U.S. Dollars, they also are represented by various other currencies, primarily the U.K. Pound Sterling and the Euro. Accordingly, we face the risk of fluctuations in non-U.S. currencies compared to U.S. Dollars. We manage this currency risk by monitoring fluctuations in foreign currencies and, when exchange rates are appropriate, purchasing amounts of those foreign currencies. We have mitigated the risk relating to fluctuations in the U.K. Pound Sterling and the Euro through the structuring of intercompany debt. If such mitigation proves ineffective, a hypothetical 10 change in the aggregate exchange rate exposure of the U.K. Pound Sterling and the Euro to the U.S. Dollar would change our results of operations by approximately 0.2 million. 
 
 48 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto, together with the report thereon of Ernst Young LLP dated March 3, 2023 are filed as part of this report, beginning on page F-l. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within applicable time periods. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision, and with the participation, of, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding such required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this Item 10 is contained under the caption Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this Item 11 is contained under the captions Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 49 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this Item 12 is contained under the caption Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this Item 13 is contained under the caption Corporate Governance in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this Item 14 is contained under the caption Proposals to be Voted On Proposal 2: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 50 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 The following report and Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this report beginning on page F-l, pursuant to Item 8. 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for OneSpaWorld Limited and Subsidiaries 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable or the information is otherwise included. 
 (3) Exhibit Listing 
 Please see list of the exhibits at 15(b), below. 
 (b) The following is a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this report. 
 51 

Document Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, by and among Steiner Leisure, Steiner US, Nemo UK, Steiner UK, SMS, the Seller Representative, Haymaker, OneSpaWorld, Dory US Merger Sub, Dory Foreign Holding Company, Dory Intermediate and Dory US Holding Company (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 4 to Form S-4 filed on February 14, 2019). 

2.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2019, by and between, Steiner Leisure Limited and Haymaker Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Annex A-2 to the proxy statement/prospectus, forming a part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228359) filed on February 14, 2019). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Second Amended and Restated Articles of Association of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 

10.1 
 
 First Lien Credit Agreement, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, Dory Intermediate LLC, Dory Acquisition Sub, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as the Administrative Agent and as the Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Second Lien Credit Agreement, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, Dory Intermediate LLC, the lenders party thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as the Administrative Agent and as the Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, Steiner Leisure Limited, Haymaker Sponsor, LLC and, solely for the purpose of certain provisions thereof, Haymaker Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

10.4 
 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2020, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, Steiner Leisure Limited, and the investors named on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, by and between OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on January 22, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Investment Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2020, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and the investors named thereto (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Governance Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2020, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, Steiner Leisure Limited and, solely for purposes of Section 18 thereof, Haymaker Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Director Designation Agreement, by and among OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, Haymaker Sponsor, LLC and Steiner Leisure Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on January 22, 2019) 

52 

10.11 
 
 Employment and Severance Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, by and between OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and Leonard Fluxman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2018). 

10.12 
 
 Employment and Severance Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, by and between OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and Stephen B. Lazarus (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2018). 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 13, 2020, between OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and Susan Bonner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 13,2020, filed October 14, 2020) 

10.14 
 
 Form of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited October 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated and filed October 13, 2020). 

10.15 
 
 Form of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited October 2020 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated and filed October 13, 2020). 

10.16 
 
 Form of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited December 2021 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2021 Awards. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Filed herewith. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 53 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By: 
 
 /s/ Stephen B. Lazarus 

Name: Stephen B. Lazarus 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

Date: 
 
 March 3, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Leonard Fluxman Leonard Fluxman 
 
 Executive Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Stephen B. Lazarus Stephen B. Lazarus 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Steven J. Heyer Steven J. Heyer 
 
 Lead Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Maryam Banikarim Maryam Banikarim 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Glenn J. Fusfield Glenn J. Fusfield 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Adam Hasiba Adam Hasiba 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Andrew R. Heyer Andrew R. Heyer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Marc Magliacano Marc Magliacano 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Walter F. McLallen Walter F. McLallen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Stephen W. Powell Stephen W. Powell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey E. Stiefler Jeffrey E. Stiefler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

54 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Number 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F- 5 

Consolidated and Statements of Equity 
 F- 6 

Consolidated and Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

55 

Report of Indepe ndent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March 3, 2023 

F- 2 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of December 31, 

ASSETS 
 
 2022 

2021 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Deferred tax assets 

Other non-current assets 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of operating leases 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred rent 

Income tax contingency 

Warrant liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Long-term operating leases 

Long-term debt, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Common stock: 

Voting common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Non-voting common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 3 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

REVENUES 

Service revenues 

Product revenues 

Total revenues 

COST OF REVENUES AND OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of services 

Cost of products 

Administrative 

Salary, benefits and payroll taxes 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Goodwill and tradename intangible assets impairment 

Total cost of revenues and operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET 

Interest expense and warrant issuance costs 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income tax expense 

() 

() 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

() 

() 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER VOTING AND NON-VOTING SHARE 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMEN TS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Cash flows hedges: 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative 

() 

Amount realized and reclassified into earnings 
 
 () 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

Total Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED ST ATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issued Common Voting Shares 

Issued Common Non-Voting Shares 

Voting and Non-Voting Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total OneSpaWorld Shareholders Equity 

Noncontrolling Interest 

Total 

BALANCE, December 31, 2019 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

2020 Private Placement, net of issuance costs 

Reclassification of public warrants to liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

At-the- Market Equity Offering, net of issuance costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Common shares issued under equity incentive plan 

Unrecognized loss on derivatives 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends declared 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Purchase of noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of public warrants 

() 

() 

() 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized gain on derivatives 

At-The Market Equity Offering, net of issuance costs 

Common shares issued under equity incentive plan 

Conversion of deferred shares into common shares 

Conversion of non-voting common shares into voting common shares 

() 

Conversion of public warrants into common shares 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized gain on derivatives 

Proceeds from 2021 exercise of public warrants 

Common shares issued under equity incentive plan 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 
 
 2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

() 
 
 () 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill and trade name impairment charges 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Warrant issuance costs 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 () 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Inventories impairment charges 

Loss from write-offs of property and equipment 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 () 

Changes in: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 

Inventories 
 
 () 

() 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 () 

Other current assets 
 
 () 

Other non-current assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

() 
 
 () 

Income taxes payable 

() 

Income tax contingency 

() 

Deferred rent 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 
 
 () 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital expenditures 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from 2020 private placement, net of issuance costs paid 

Proceeds from At-the Market Equity Offering, net of issuance costs paid 

Proceeds from the term loan and revolver facilities 

Proceeds from exercise of public warrants 

Dividend paid on common stock 

() 

Purchase of public warrants 

() 

Repayment on term loan and revolver facilities 
 
 () 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

() 

Cash paid to acquire noncontrolling interest 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 () 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, Beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, End of period 

F- 7 

CONSOLIDATED A STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

Non-cash transactions: 

Initial measurement of warrants accounted for as a liability 

Unpaid declared dividends 

Common stock issued to purchase noncontrolling interest 

2020 Private Placement issuance cost accrued 

At-the Market Equity Offering issuance cost accrued 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

ONESPAWORLD HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 controlling interest and a third party had a noncontrolling interest of Medispa Limited, a Bahamian entity that is a subsidiary of the Company. On February 14, 2020, the Company purchased the noncontrolling interest and as a result, since this date we became the sole owners of this entity. 

F- 9 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash in the consolidated statement of cash flows 

inventory reserve was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded inventory impairment charges of million (of which approximately million was recorded in the three months ended December 31, 2021) and million, respectively, for the decline in the net realizable value of inventories, which is included in Cost of products in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. This impairment charge principally was the result of excess, slow-moving, expiration of products and damaged inventories held at our Maritime segment caused by the cessation of our cruise line partners operations and, consequently, our Maritime segment operations due to the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic. The establishment of inventory reserves involved estimating the amount of inventories that would be sold at or used in health and wellness services on cruises when they returned to sailing, which was uncertain and dependent on our cruise line partners and its customers that use our services and purchase our products. There was incremental impairment during 2022.) 

() 

- 

Impairment charges 
 
 - 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

- 

Ending balance 
 
 - 

() 

() 

impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a goodwill and trade name impairment charges of million and million, respectively, based on the interim impairment tests performed as of March 31, 2020. See Note 4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets and Note 15 Fair Value Measurement and Derivatives for further details. 
 . The Company has the intent and ability to renew such contracts over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Costs incurred to renew contracts are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenues and operating expenses over the term of the contract. Lease agreements with destination resorts in which the Company operates are generally renewed every . The Company has the intent and ability to renew such contracts. 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 lease concessions were received during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 

likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

() 

() 

Gain on fair value of in-the-money warrant liabilities: 
 
 () 

- 

- 

Net income (loss), adjusted for change in fair value of warrants for diluted earnings per share 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 

Dilutive effect of 2020 PIPE Warrants 

- 

- 

Dilutive effect of stock-based awards 

- 

- 

Diluted (a) 

Net Income (loss) per voting and non-voting share 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 
 
 (a) 

Deferred shares 
 
 - 

- 

Employee stock options 
 
 - 

- 

Restricted share units 

Performance stock units 

(a) 

million, million and million, respectively. 

cruise companies that represented greater than of accounts receivable. The Company does not normally require collateral or other security to support normal credit sales. The Company controls credit risk through credit approvals, credit limits, and monitoring procedures. Accounts receivable are stated at amounts due from customers, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts with respect to accounts receivable using historical collection experience, and generally, an account receivable balance is written off once it is determined to be uncollectible. The Company reviews the historical collection experience and considers other facts and circumstances and adjusts the calculation to record an allowance for doubtful accounts as appropriate. If the Company s current collection trends were to differ significantly from historic collection experience, the Company would make a corresponding adjustment to the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020, allowance for doubtful account expense amounted to , million and million, respectively. Allowance for doubtful accounts expense is included within administrative operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Beginning balance 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

- 

Ending balance 
 
 () 

() 

() 

, we the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 , Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach and elected the optional transition method, which allows entities to initially apply the standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. Upon adoption, we applied the guidance to all existing leases. For leases with a term greater than 12 months, the new guidance requires the lease rights and obligations arising from the leasing arrangements, including operating leases, to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. Upon adoption of the new guidance, the most significant impact was the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities relating to operating leases in the amounts of million and million, respectively, reported within Operating lease right-of-use assets and Long-term operating lease liabilities, respectively, with the current portion of the liability reported within Current portion of operating leases liabilities, in our consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2022. Another million was reclassified to the operating right-of-use assets from liability accounts relating to the existing leases. There was no cumulative effect of applying the new standard and accordingly there was no adjustment to our retained earnings upon adoption. The comparative information presented has not been recast and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. For further information on leases, see Note 6- Leases . This guidance have any impact to our consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), consolidated statements of cash flows and our debt-covenants calculations under our current agreements. The adoption does not change the timing, classification or amount of expense recognized in our consolidated financial statements nor does it change the timing, classification or amount of cash payments included within the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 requires entities to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments in the diluted earnings per share calculation and include the effect of share settlement for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares, except for certain liability-classified share-based payment awards. This guidance is required to be adopted by us after December 15, 2023 and must be applied using either a modified or full retrospective approach. The Company is currently assessing the expected impact of the future adoption of this guidance. 

3 

Computers and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization expense for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively . 

 million and million associated with the Maritime and Destination Resorts reporting units, respectively, was fully impaired as of March 31, 2020, which fully wrote off our Goodwill carrying value. Goodwill impairment charges of approximately million for these reporting units are included in Goodwill and tradename intangible assets impairment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2020 (See Note 15 ). As a result of the interim impairment tests discussed above, we performed a fair value test applying the relief of royalty method and determined that the estimated fair value of one of our trade names is less than carrying value as of March 31, 2020. As a result, we recognized an impairment charge of million and it is included in Goodwill and tradename intangible assets impairment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operation during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of October 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we performed our annual trade name indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment review and determined there was no incremental impairment. 

() 

Destination resort agreements 

() 

Trade name 

() 

Licensing agreement 

() 

() 

The following is a summary of the Company s intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except amortization period): 

Cost 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Balance 

Weighted Average Amortization Period (in years) 

Retail concession agreements 

() 

Destination resort agreements 

() 

Trade name 

() 

Licensing agreement 

() 

() 

The Company amortizes intangible assets with definite lives on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million for each period, respectively. Amortization expense is estimated to be million in each of the next five years beginning in 2023. 

Minimum cruise line commissions 

Professional fees 

Payroll and bonuses 

Interest 

Other 

. The renewal options are included in the lease term only for those leases in which they are reasonably certain to be renewed. As our leases do not have a readily determinable implicit rate, we used our weighted average cost of debt to determine the net present value of the lease payments at the adoption date. Our weighted average cost of debt is similar to the incremental borrowing rate we would have obtained if we had borrowed collateralized debt over the lease term to purchase the asset. We have adopted the practical expedient to exclude leases with terms of less than one year from being included on the balance sheet. Lease expense for agreements that are short-term were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 2- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further information on the adoption of ASC 842. Supplemental Financial statements information 

Contingent rentals 

Current portion of operating leases 

Long-term operating leases 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Interest Rate December 31, 
 
 Maturities Through 
 
 As of December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

2022 

2021 

First lien term loan facility 

Second lien term loan facility 

First lien revolving facility 
 
 - 

- 

Total debt 

Less: unamortized debt issuance cost 

() 

() 

Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance cost 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

() 

() 

Long-term debt, net 

On March 19, 2019, the Company entered into (i) senior secured first lien credit facilities (the First Lien Credit Facilities with Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as administrative agent, and certain lenders, consisting of (x) a term loan facility of million (of which million was borrowed by a subsidiary of the Company) (the First Lien Term Loan Facility ), (y) a revolving loan facility of up to million (the First Lien Revolving Facility and (z) a delayed draw term loan facility of million (the First Lien Delayed Draw Facility ), and (ii) a senior secured second lien term loan facility of million with Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent, and Neuberger Berman Alternative Funds, Neuberger Berman Long Short Fund, as lender. (the Second Lien Term Loan Facility and, together with the First Lien Term Loan Facility, the Term Loan Facilities the New Term Loan Facilities, together with the First Lien Revolving Facility and the First Lien Delayed Draw Facility, are referred to as the New Credit Facilities ). The First Lien Revolving Facility includes borrowing capacity available for letters of credit up to million. Any issuance of letters of credit reduces the amount available under the New First Lien Revolving Facility. The First Lien Term Loan Facility matures after March 19, 2019, the First Lien Revolving Facility matures after March 19, 2019 and the Second Lien Term Loan Facility matures after March 19, 2019. Loans outstanding under the First Lien Credit Facilities will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to , with one step down to upon achievement of a certain leverage ratio, and undrawn amounts under the First Lien Revolving Facility will accrue a commitment fee at a rate per annum of on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments thereunder, with one step down to upon achievement of a certain leverage ratio. Loans outstanding under the Second Lien Term Loan Facility will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to . The obligations under the New Credit Facilities are guaranteed by the Company and each of its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries organized under the laws of the United States and the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, in each case, other than certain excluded subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, immaterial subsidiaries, non-profit subsidiaries, and any other subsidiary with respect to which the burden or cost of providing a guarantee is excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the lenders therefrom. In addition, under the New Credit Facilities, certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries have granted the lenders a security interest in substantially all of their assets. The Term Loan Facilities require the Company to make certain mandatory prepayments, with (i) of net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property, subject to the ability to reinvest such proceeds and certain other exceptions, and subject to step downs if certain leverage ratios are met and (ii) of the net cash proceeds of any debt incurrence, other than debt permitted under the definitive agreements (but excluding debt incurred to refinance the New Credit Facilities). The Company also is required to make quarterly amortization payments equal to of the original principal amount of the First Lien Term Loan Facility commencing after the first full fiscal quarter after the closing date of the New Credit Facilities (subject to reductions by optional and mandatory prepayments of the loans). The Company may prepay (i) the First Lien Credit Facilities at any time without premium or penalty, subject to payment of customary breakage costs and a customary soft call, and (ii) the Second Lien Term Loan Facility at any time without premium or penalty, subject to a customary make-whole premium for any voluntary prepayment prior to the date that is 30 months following the closing date of the New Credit Facilities (the Callable Date ), following by a call premium of (x) on or prior to the first anniversary of the Callable Date, (y) after the first anniversary but on or prior to the second anniversary of the Callable Date, and (z) after the second anniversary but on or prior to the third anniversary of the Callable Date. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we prepaid principal amounts of million of our First Lien Term Loan Facility. During the third quarter of 2022, we repaid million on the First Lien Revolving Facility. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we prepaid principal amounts of million of our Second Lien Term Loan Facility. The New Credit Facilities contain a financial covenant related to the maintenance of a leverage ratio and a number of customary negative covenants including covenants related to the following subjects: consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets; limitations on the incurrence of certain liens; limitations on certain indebtedness; limitations on the ability to pay dividends; and certain affiliate transactions. If we do not comply with these covenants, we would have to seek amendments to these covenants from our lenders or evaluate the options to cure the defaults contained in the credit agreements. However, no assurances can be made that such amendments would be approved by our lenders. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the New Credit Facilities are entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the New Credit Facilities and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor, subject to customary intercreditor provisions among the first and second lien secured parties, which would have a material adverse impact to our operations and liquidity. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter Total 

Borrowing Capacity: million. Utilization of the borrowing capacity was as follows (in thousands): 

Borrowing Capacity 

Amount Borrowed 

First Lien Revolving Facility 

- 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Public Warrants were issued and outstanding. We evaluated the Public Warrants under ASC Topic 815 and concluded that upon issuance of the Non-Voting Common Shares on June 12, 2020 they do not meet the criteria to be classified in stockholders equity. Accordingly, the Public Warrants are classified as a liability at fair value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (See Note 2 ). Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of OneSpaWorld common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless the holder purchases at least two units, the holder will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire after the date of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company filed with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of OneSpaWorld common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. This registration statement has since been declared effective by the SEC. The Company will use its reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; 

 at a price of per warrant; 

 upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

 if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 Sponsor Warrants On October 19, 2017, Haymaker issued Sponsor Warrants to purchase its common stock in a private placement concurrently with its IPO. In connection with the Business Combination Haymaker transferred Sponsor Warrants (the 2019 PIPE Warrants in private placements to certain investors (the PIPE Investors and to SLL. Each whole 2019 PIPE Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of OneSpaWorld common stock at a price of per share. The proceeds from the purchase of the 2019 PIPE Warrants were used to fund a portion of the cash payment payable in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. The 2019 PIPE Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Investors or their permitted transferees. The 2019 PIPE Warrants (including the OneSpaWorld common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2019 PIPE Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the Business Combination and they will not be redeemable so long as they are held by the Investors or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the 2019 PIPE Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. If the 2019 PIPE Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the 2019 PIPE Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis the Public Warrants. If holders of the 2019 PIPE Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of OneSpaWorld common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of OneSpaWorld common stock underlying the 2019 PIPE Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, of the 2019 PIPE Warrants were issued and outstanding. We evaluated the Sponsor Warrants, including the 2019 PIPE Warrants under ASC Topic 815, and concluded that upon issuance on March 19, 2019 they do not meet the criteria to be classified in shareholders equity. Accordingly, the Sponsor Warrants are classified as a liability at fair value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (See Note 2 ). 2020 PIPE Warrants The 2020 PIPE Warrants share of OneSpaWorld common stock at an exercise price of . The 2020 PIPE Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis, in accordance with a specified formula. In addition, the Company may, at any time prior to their expiration, elect to redeem not less than all of such then-outstanding 2020 PIPE Warrants at a price of per warrant, provided that the last sales price of the common shares reported has been at least per share (subject to adjustment in accordance with certain specified events), on each of twenty trading days within the thirty-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given (the Redemption Date , and provided that the common shares issuable upon exercise of such 2020 PIPE Warrants have been registered, qualified or are exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the 2020 PIPE Warrant. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, of the 2020 PIPE Warrants were issued and outstanding. We evaluated the 2020 PIPE Warrant Warrants under ASC Topic 815 and concluded that they do not meet the criteria to be classified in shareholders equity. Accordingly, the 2020 PIPE Warrants are classified as a liability at fair value upon issuance on June 12, 2020 and subsequently (See Note 2 ). 

 common shares with a par value of per share. Pursuant to the Investment Agreement discussed below, we have amended our Articles of Incorporation (the Articles and created a new class of Non-Voting Common Shares, par value per share. Of the authorized shares are Voting Common Shares and are Non-Voting Common Shares. The Non-Voting Common Shares are of equal rank to the Voting Common Shares, in terms of dividends, liquidation, preferences and all other rights and features, with the following exceptions: (i) the Non-Voting Common Shares have no voting rights, except as may be required by law; (ii) Steiner Leisure Limited Steiner Leisure may vote its Non-Voting Common Shares in favor of its director designees; and (iii) the Non-Voting Common Shares will automatically be converted to Voting Common Shares upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Articles. Holders of the Company s voting common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022, there were voting shares and non-voting shares of OneSpaWorld common stock issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2021, there were voting shares and non-voting shares of OneSpaWorld common stock issued and outstanding. Conversion of Non-Voting Common Shares to Voting Common Shares Automatic Conversion Each Non-Voting Common Share will automatically convert into Voting Common Share, upon the occurrence of a Qualified Transfer of such Non-Voting Common Share or with the prior consent of our Board of Directors. A Qualified Transfer means a transfer (x) to a third party that is not (1) an affiliate of such holder nor (2) a person whose ownership thereof would result in such shares being treated as constructively owned by such holder under Section 958(b) of the U.S. Tax Code, applicable Treasury Regulations and other official guidance (a Person described in this clause (x), an Unrelated Person ), and (y) that is not otherwise prohibited under the Articles. During the year ended December 31, 2021, million Non-Voting Common Shares were converted into Voting Common Shares as a result of a Qualified Transfer. Elective Conversion Upon the occurrence of a Contingent Conversion Triggering Event (as defined below), a number of Non-Voting Common Shares as elected will be converted into an identical number of Voting Common Shares; provided, that the number of Non-Voting Common Shares so converted may not exceed the number of Non-Voting Common Shares that, if converted, would reasonably be expected to (1) cause the Company to become a CFC (as defined in the Articles) as reasonably determined in good faith by the Company, upon the advice of its legal counsel, or (2) cause such holder, together with its affiliates, to hold voting power exceeding (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Company). A Contingent Conversion Triggering Event shall mean (1) a decrease in the number of directors that the applicable holder has the right to designate for appointment or nomination or a decrease in the number of directors so designated by the applicable holder as a result of an irrevocable waiver of such rights, (2) the transfer of Voting Common Shares by certain holders that participated in the 2020 Private Placement or any of their affiliates on or prior to the one year anniversary of the closing of the 2020 Private Placement (I) to an Unrelated Person (as defined in the Articles), and (II) that is not prohibited under the Articles, or (3) the exercise by a the holder or its affiliates of a warrant to purchase Non-Voting Common Shares (or a warrant for which such holder or such affiliate has previously agreed to receive Non- Voting Common Shares upon exercise); provided that, with respect to clause (3), the number of shares designated for conversion shall not exceed the number of Non-Voting Common Shares received upon exercise of such warrant. Each Non-Voting Common Share that is converted into a Voting Common Share shall be canceled by the Company and shall not be available for reissuance. Governance Agreement In connection with a private placement transaction that occurred on June 12, 2020 (the 2020 Private Placement ), the Company, Steiner Leisure and, solely for the purpose of Section 18 thereof, Haymaker, entered into a Governance Agreement (the Governance Agreement ), pursuant to which, Steiner Leisure and certain of its affiliates were granted certain consent, director designation, and other rights with respect to the Company. The Governance Agreement superseded the Director Designation Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, by and among the Company, Steiner Leisure and Haymaker. Under the terms of the Governance Agreement, among other things, Steiner Leisure has the right to designate and appoint two directors so long as Steiner Leisure and its affiliates own at least of the issued and outstanding common shares and one director so long as Steiner Leisure and its affiliates own at least of the issued and outstanding common shares. At-The-Market Equity Offering During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold million shares under the its at-The-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the Agreement for net proceeds of million, after offering-related expenses paid of million. On August 1, 2022, the Company exercised its right to terminate the Agreement entered into on December 7, 2020 with Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (the Sales Agent ), pursuant to which the Company had the right to offer and sell, from time to time, through the Sales Agent, its common shares, par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to million (the ATM Program ). Prior to the termination of the Agreement, the Company sold a total of million common shares through the ATM Program and shares representing approximately million remained available for sale under the Agreement. No sales of common shares by the Company under the ATM Program have occurred subsequent to October 2021. Deferred Shares million and million shares OneSpaWorld common stock, respectively. The issuance of the OneSpaWorld common shares related to the Deferred Shares is contingent upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following events: (i) OneSpaWorld share price reaching 20 per share for five consecutive trading dates, as adjusted to reflect any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, payment of dividends and other events as defined in the applicable Deferred Shares agreement, (ii) in the event of a change of control, as defined, of the Company if the price per share paid in connection with such change in control is equal to or greater than 20; however, if the price per share paid in connection with such change in control is less than 20, then no OneSpaWorld common shares will be issued and all the rights to receive the shares will be forfeited for no consideration, and (iii) ten years from the date of the Business Combination agreement. In consideration for, among other things, Steiner Leisure providing a back stop for the 2020 Private Placement and Steiner Leisure s agreement to voting limitations in respect of certain of the securities issuable to it, we issued and delivered an aggregate of million common shares million of Voting Common Shares and million of Non-Voting Common Shares) to Steiner Leisure at the closing of the 2020 Private Placement, which satisfied in full the Company s obligation to issue million deferred common shares to Steiner Leisure pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (the BCA ). In addition, in order to align the incentives of certain members of the Board of Directors, the parties agreed to amend the terms of the Founder Deferred Shares (as defined in the BCA), such that, effective as of the closing of the 2020 Private Placement, such shares will be issuable upon the occurrence of any of the following: (A) the first day on which the common shares achieve a 5-day volume weighted average price equal to or greater than (such share price, as may be adjusted, the Price Target ); (B) in the case of a change in control of the Company, if the price per common share paid or payable in connection with such change in control is equal to or greater than the Price Target; or (C) the two-year anniversary of the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. Dividends Declared Per Common Share In November 2019, the Company adopted a cash dividend program and declared an initial quarterly payment of per common share. On March 24, 2020, the Company announced that it is deferring payment of its dividend declared on , for payment on , to shareholders of record on , until the Board of Directors reapproves its payment; and withdrawing its dividend program until further notice. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, dividends payable amounted to approximately million which is presented as other-long term liabilities and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

 OneSpaWorld Shares have been authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan. Stock Based Compensation Cost Stock based compensation cost, which is included as a component of salary, benefits and payroll taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units and performance stock units. Restricted Share Units The Company s restricted stock units RSUs have been issued to employees and directors with vesting periods ranging from to and vest based solely on service conditions. RSUs become unrestricted common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. The cost of these awards is determined using the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant, and compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-Vested share units as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-Vested share units as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-Vested share units as of December 31, 2022 

(1) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculat ed based on the fair value of , and per share of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to the fact that the performance stock units carry a exercise price. 

The total fair value of RSUs that vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020, based on the market price of the underlying shares on that day of vesting, was million, million and million, respectively. There were , and RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock award grants, which will be recognized over the weighted-average period of approximately years. On February 22, 2022, the Company granted time-based RSUs to certain executive officers, of which one third vested on March 7, 2022, and two-thirds vested on December 5, 2022. On July 26, 2022, the Company granted the board of directors a total of RSUs as compensation for future service. The RSUs fully vest at the completion of the one-year period commencing from the date of grant. Performance Share Units The Company grants certain executive officers and senior-level employees performance share units that generally vest based on either performance and time-based service condition Performance Condition-Based Awards or market and time-based service conditions Market Condition-Based Awards which are referred to herein as Performance Share Units PSUs ). The number of shares of common stock underlying each award is determined at the end of the performance period. In order to vest, the employee must be employed by the Company, with certain contractual exclusions, at the end of the performance period. Performance Condition-Based Awards PSUs are converted into shares of common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. The Company estimates the fair value of each performance share when the grant is authorized, and the related service period has commenced. The Company recognizes compensation cost over the vesting period based on the probability of the performance conditions being achieved. If the specified service and performance conditions are not met, compensation expense is not recognized, and any previously recognized compensation expense will be reversed. On January 21, 2020, the Company granted PSUs to certain employees which vest upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance target established for the 2020 calendar year and the satisfaction of an additional time-based vesting requirement that generally requires continued employment through January 21, 2023. In December 2020, the Company s compensation committee approved the waiver of the performance condition after considering the severe interruption of the Company s business and operations resulting from the unforeseen circumstances of COVID-19 and the material adverse impact on the Company s share price. As a result of this modification, the PSUs were revalued as of the date of the modification to per share, based on the market price of the underlying shares on that day and the aggregate fair value of the modification was approximately million which represents the total fair value of the modified award which will be expensed over the remaining vesting period. The modified PSUs will vest approximately on each anniversary of the original grant date. On December 6, 2022, the Company granted PSUs to certain executive officers and senior-level employees which vest upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance target established for the 2023 calendar year and the satisfaction of an additional time-based vesting requirement that generally requires continued employment through December 6, 2025. Market Condition-Based Awards The Company estimates the fair value of each PSUs when the grant is authorized, and the related service period has commenced. Expense for these PSUs is recorded over the derived service period. On August 18, 2020, the Company granted PSUs to certain executive officers. The PSUs expire on the sixth anniversary of the Grant Date. The PSUs are converted into shares of common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. 

On October 1, 2020, the Company granted PSUs to an executive officer. The PSUs expire on the sixth anniversary of the Grant Date. The PSUs are converted into shares of common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. The PSUs will vest upon achievement of the five-day volume weighted average price of OneSpaWorld common shares reaching per share. On October 13, 2020, the Company granted PSUs as an inducement grant outside of the 2019 Plan to an executive officer. The PSUs expire on the sixth anniversary of the Grant Date. The PSUs are converted into shares of common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. 

, , , 

, , , 

End of simulation term 

Term of simulation 
 
 years 

years 

years 

Stock price as of measurement date 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate (continuous) 

PSUs Activity 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

() 

Non-Vested share units as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

() 

Non-Vested share units as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 

- 

Vested 

- 

- 

() 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

() 

Non-Vested share units as of December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of PSUs that vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, based on the market price of the underlying shares on that day of vesting. As of December 31, 2022, there was total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested performance-based PSUs of million. The costs are expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested market-based PSUs. The aggregate intrinsic value of PSUs was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of PSUs is based on the number of nonvested PSUs and the market value of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock Options During the year ended December 31, 2021, options were forfeited due to the retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer. On August 3, 2021, Leonard Fluxman, Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Lazarus, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, voluntarily surrendered outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of of the Company s common shares. The common shares underlying these surrendered options will be available for future grant to Company personnel under the 2019 Plan. There were outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to the share options granted or exercised under the plan. share options were granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. share options were exercisable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Product Revenues Product revenues consist primarily of sales of health and wellness products, such as facial skincare, body care, hair care, orthotics and nutritional supplements to cruise ship passengers, destination resort guests and timetospa.com customers. Our Shop Ship program provides guests the ability to buy retail products onboard and have products shipped directly to their home. Each product unit represents a separate performance obligation. Our performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue is recognized when the customer obtains control of the product, which occurs either at the point of sale for retail sales and at the time of shipping for Shop Ship and timetospa.com product sales. The Company provides no warranty on products sold. Shipping and handling fees charged to customers are included in net sales. Gift Cards The Company only offers no-fee, non-expiring gift cards to its customers. At the time gift cards are sold, no revenue is recognized; rather, the Company records a contract liability to customers. The liability is relieved, and revenue is recognized equal to the amount redeemed at the time gift cards are redeemed for products or services. The Company records revenue from an estimate of unredeemed gift cards (breakage) in net sales on a pro-rata basis over the time period gift cards are redeemed. At least three years of historical data, updated annually, is used to determine actual redemption patterns. The liability for unredeemed gift cards is included in Other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets and was million, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Customer Loyalty Rewards Program The Company initiated a customer loyalty program during October 2019 in which customers earn points based on their spending on timetospa.com . The Company recognizes the estimated net amount of the rewards that will be earned and redeemed as a reduction to net sales at the time of the initial transaction and as tender when the points are subsequently redeemed by a customer. The liability for customer loyalty programs was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract Balances Receivables from the Company s contracts with customers are included within accounts receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheets. Such amounts are typically remitted to us by our cruise line or destination resort partners, except for online sales, and are net of commissions they withhold. Although paid by our cruise line partners, As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our receivables from contracts with customers were million, million and million, respectively and the increase as of December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021 and 2020 reflects the impact of increased revenues due to our ongoing resumption of our spa operations. Costs incurred to enter into new or to renew long-term contracts are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenues over the term of the contract. Deferred contract costs, which relate to fees accrued to cruise line partners, amounted to million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is presented within other non-current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of the deferred contract cost was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of deferred costs are included in cost of services in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Our contract liabilities for gift cards and customer loyalty programs are described above. Disaggregation of Revenue and Segment Reporting The Company operates facilities on cruise ships and in destination resorts, where we provide health, fitness, beauty and wellness services and sell related products. The Company also sells health and wellness, fitness and beauty related products through its timetospa.com website which is a post-cruise sales tool where guests may continue their wellness journey after disembarking. The Company s Maritime and Destination Resorts operating segments are aggregated into a single reportable segment based upon similar economic characteristics, products, services, customers and delivery methods. Additionally, the Company s operating segments represent components of the Company for which separate financial information is available that is utilized on a regular basis by the chief executive officer, who is the Company s chief operating decision maker (CODM), in determining how to allocate the 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Service Revenues: 

Maritime 

Destination resorts 

Total service revenues 

Product Revenues: 

Maritime 

Destination resorts 

Timetospa.com 

Total product revenues 

Total revenues 

() 
 
 () 

Foreign 

() 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

U.S. State 

Foreign 

() 

Current 

() 

Deferred 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

Foreign rate differential 
 
 () 

Prior period true up adjustment 

() 
 
 () 

State taxes 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 () 

Permanent differences 

Other 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total 

The difference between the expected provision for income taxes using the U.S. federal income tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the Company s actual provision is primarily attributable to the change in valuation allowance, foreign rate differential including income earned in jurisdictions not subject to income taxes, and prior period true- up adjustment. 

Gross (decreases) increases prior period tax position 

Ending balance 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued million and million, respectively, for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate. The Company classifies interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounted to million and million respectively, and are included in income tax contingency in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Inventory reserves 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other reserves and accruals 

Gift certificates 

Net operating losses 

Lease liability 

- 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 
 
 () 

() 

Deferred income tax asset, net 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Right of use assets 
 
 () 

- 

Other 
 
 () 

() 

Total deferred income tax liability 
 
 () 

() 

Net deferred income tax asset 

The valuation allowance decreased by less than million in 2022 and increased by less than million in 2021, primarily stemming from the assessment of realizability of the deferred tax asset. 

Additions 
 
 - 

Deductions 
 
 () 

- 

Ending balance 

million of foreign tax operating loss carryforwards expiring as follows (in millions): 

Expires 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030 

2031 

2032 

Indefinite 

Total 

The Company is subject to routine audits by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities. These audits include questioning the timing and the amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The tax years - remain subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world in major jurisdictions, such as the U.S. and Italy. 

The total minimum payment guarantee amounts referenced in the above calculation does not take into account canceled cruise voyages. Such canceled voyages would not be subject to guaranteed minimum payments to the cruise line . Revenues from passengers of each of the following cruise line companies accounted for more than ten percent of the Company s total revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: Carnival (including Carnival, Carnival Australia, Costa, Holland America, P O, Princess and Seabourn cruise lines): , and ; Royal Caribbean (including Royal Caribbean, Pullmantur, Celebrity, Azamara and Silversea cruise lines): , and ; and Norwegian Cruise Line (including Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises) , and . Litigation We are routinely involved in legal proceedings, disputes, regulatory matters, and various claims and lawsuits that have been filed or are pending against us, including as noted below, arising in the ordinary course of our business. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly, the maximum amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome of those claims and lawsuits that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall exposure with respect to all of our legal proceedings, threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for all estimable probable losses associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent losses beyond those accrued, as discovery is not complete and adequate information is not available to estimate such range of loss or potential recovery. However, based on our current knowledge, we do not believe that the aggregate amount or range of reasonably possible losses with respect to these matters will be material to our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We intend to vigorously defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary, seek recovery. In February 2020, the Company received a formal assessment of million by a foreign tax authority over how the value added tax VAT law was applied on the change in the ultimate beneficial ownership of of our subsidiaries as result of the business combination in March 2019. The Company is disputing the assessment and recorded an accrual of million for this matter during the year ended December 31, 2020 and is included in Accrued expenses on the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company believes the ultimate outcome of this matter will not have a material adverse impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 33 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 - 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1)	 

Restricted cash 

Total Cash 

First lien term loan facility 

Second lien term loan facility 

First lien revolving facility 

- 

- 

Total debt 

Assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the fair value hierarchy. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 
 Other non-current assets 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total Assets 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 
 Other current liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Warrant liabilities 
 
 Warrant liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 
 Other long term liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total Liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1)	Consists of an interest rate swap. 
 Warrants Public and 2020 PIPE Warrants 

Strike price 

Remaining life (in years) 

Volatility 

Interest rate 

Redemption price 

Sponsor Warrants 

Strike price 

Remaining life (in years) 

Volatility 

Interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Derivatives Market risk associated with the Company s long-term floating rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates. The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. These instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and are designated as hedges. The financial impact of these hedging instruments is primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. The Company assesses whether derivatives used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flow of its hedged forecasted transactions. The Company uses regression analysis for this hedge relationship and high effectiveness is achieved when a statistically valid relationship reflects a high degree of offset and correlation between the fair values of the derivative and the hedged forecasted transaction. Cash flows from the derivatives are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged transaction. These agreements involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate interest payments over the life of the respective agreement without an exchange of the underlying notional amount. The Company classifies derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of benchmark interest rate as operating activities due to the nature of the hedged item. Gains and losses on derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the underlying hedged transactions are recognized in earnings. If it is determined that the hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, then the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is released to earnings. The Company monitors concentrations of credit risk associated with financial and other institutions with which the Company conducts significant business. Credit risk, including, but not limited to, counterparty nonperformance under derivatives, is not considered significant, as the Company primarily conducts business with large, well-established financial institutions with which the Company has established relationships, and which have credit risks acceptable to the Company. The Company does not anticipate non-performance by its counterparty. The amount of the Company s credit risk exposure is equal to the fair value of the derivative when any of the derivatives are in a net gain position. In September 2019, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreement to make a series of payments based on a fixed interest rate of and receive a series of payments based on the greater of 1 Month USD LIBOR or Strike which is used to hedge the Company s exposure to changes in cash flows associated with its variable rate Term Loan Facilities and has designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge. Both the fixed and floating payment streams are based on a notional amount of million at the inception of the contract. The interest rate swap agreement has a maturity date of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amount is million and million, respectively. There was no ineffectiveness related to the interest rate swaps. The gain or loss on the derivative is recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The Company expects to reclassify million of income from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense within the next twelve months. The fair value of the interest rate swap contract is measured on a recurring basis by netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash receipts. The variable cash receipts are based on the expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The interest rate swap contract was categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company is not required to post cash collateral related to this derivative instrument. 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Nonfinancial Instruments that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements Valuation of Goodwill and Trade Name We recognized goodwill impairment charges of million for the segment reporting units and an impairment charge of million for the trade name during the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 4 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . The determination of our reporting units' goodwill and trade name fair values includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We applied the income approach to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. The income approach estimates the fair value by discounting each reporting unit s estimated future cash flows using the company estimate of the discount rate, or expected return, that a market participant would have required as of the valuation date. Significant assumptions in the income approach, all of which are considered Level 3 inputs, include the estimated future net annual cash flows for each reporting unit and the discount rate. The discount rates utilized to value the Maritime and Destination Resorts reporting units were approximately and , respectively, which were determined depending on the risk and uncertainty inherent in the respective reporting unit. The trade name was valued through application of the relief from royalty method and the significant assumptions used in the valuation are considered Level 3 inputs. Under this method, a royalty rate is applied to the revenues associated with the trade name to capture value associated with use of the name as if licensed. The resulting royalty savings are then discounted to present fair value at rates reflective of the risk and return expectations of the interests to derive its fair value as of the impairment testing date. 

and provides that SMS will pay the Company for its services. OSW Predecessor entered into an Executive Services Agreement, concurrent with the closing of the Business Combination, with Nemo Investor Aggregator, Limited Nemo ), the parent company of Steiner Leisure, which became effective at the time of the closing. The agreement provides that after the closing of the Business Combination, Leonard Fluxman and Stephen Lazarus are to be made available to provide certain transition services to Nemo until December 31, 2020, in exchange for . Effective March 31, 2020, the Company and Nemo terminated the Executive Services Agreement. The Company has determined it to be in its best interests to have Mr. Fluxman and Mr. Lazarus be unrestricted in any respect regarding their availability to manage the Company s business, particularly during the current unprecedented conditions caused by the global COVID-19 pandemic. On August 3, 2018, OSW entered into a lease of office space in Coral Gables, Florida (the Coral Gables Lease with an initial lease term of and options to renew for each. Additionally, on August 3, 2018, OSW entered into a sublease of the Coral Gables Lease with SMS, with an initial term of and an annual rent amount of approximately . Effective , the Company and SMS have terminated the sublease of the Coral Gables Lease (the Sublease ). The total fee for all the aforementioned agreements received by the Company in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not material. 

 million, million and million, respectively. 

 The basis for determining the geographic information below is based on the countries in which the Company operates. 

Not connected to a country 

Other 

Total 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Property and equipment, net: 

U.S. 

Not connected to a country 

Other 

Total 

million on our second lien term facility. Accordingly, as of the date of this annual report, an aggregate principal amount of million of our second lien term facility remains outstanding. 

 F- 38 

<EX-4>
 2
 osw-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 As of February 25, 2023, OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas we, our, OneSpaWorld or the Company ), has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: our common shares and our warrants. 
 The following is a brief summary of the material terms of our common shares and does not purport to be complete. For a complete description of the terms of our common shares, you should refer to our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Second Amended and Restated Articles of Association (our Articles and applicable provisions of law. Our Articles are incorporated by reference as exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is a part. You should read our Articles for provisions that may be important to you. 
 Authorized and Issued Common Shares 
 Our Articles authorize the issuance of up to 250,000,000 of our common shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Shares and 0 preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Shares ). The Common Shares consist of two separate classes, of which 225,000,000 shares are designated as Voting Common Shares (the Voting Common Shares and 25,000,000 are designated as Non-Voting Common Shares Non-Voting Common Shares ). As of February 25, 2023, 79,544,055 voting shares and 13,421,914 non-voting shares were issued and outstanding. 
 Issuance and Form 
 Subject to the provisions of our Articles and to any resolution of shareholders, unissued shares will be at the disposal of our Board of Directors (our Board ), who may without prejudice to any rights previously conferred on the holders of any existing shares or class or series of shares offer, allot, grant options over or otherwise dispose of shares to such persons, at such times and upon such terms and conditions as we may by resolution of directors determine. Pursuant to our Articles, our Common Shares are registered shares and may not be exchanged for bearer share certificates. 
 Voting Rights and Quorum 
 Each holder of Voting Common Shares is entitled to one vote for each such share held by such holder on any matter submitted to a vote or for the consent of the shareholders of the Company on which such holder is entitled to vote thereon or consent thereto. Each holder of Non-Voting Common Shares that is also a Steiner Person (as defined in the Articles) is entitled to vote the Non-Voting Common Shares held by such holder on matters submitted to a vote for the consent of the shareholders of the Company with respect to the election or removal of any director (or director position, as applicable) that the applicable Steiner Persons have the right to designate appointment or nomination pursuant to the Governance Agreement. 
 Directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors, unless a different vote is required by our Articles or under applicable law, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Shareholders may act only at meetings duly called and shareholders may not act by written consent or otherwise outside of such meeting. A meeting of shareholders is duly constituted if, at the commencement of the meeting, there are present, in person or by proxy, shareholders representing not less than 50 of the votes of the shares or class or series of shares entitled to vote on resolutions of shareholders to be considered at the meeting. If there is a quorum, notwithstanding the fact that such quorum may be represented by only one person, then such person may resolve any matter, and a certificate signed by such person accompanied where such person be a proxy by the proxy form, or a copy thereof, shall constitute a valid resolution of shareholders. Once established, a quorum will not be broken by the subsequent withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 
 	 1 
 
 If shareholder approval is required (a) for the adoption of any agreement for merger of us with or into any other entity or for the consolidation of us with or into any other entity or (b) to authorize any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of us to any person, the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the shares entitled to vote thereon is required to approve such transaction; provided , however , that if such transaction is approved in advance by the directors, such transaction may be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon. 
 Dividends 
 Our Board, by resolution, may declare and pay dividends in money, shares, or other property. No dividend shall be declared and paid unless the directors determine that immediately after the payment of the dividend the Company will be able to satisfy its liabilities as they become due in the ordinary course of its business and the realizable value of the assets of the Company will not be less than the sum of its total liabilities, other than deferred taxes, as shown in its books of account, and its issued and outstanding share capital. Our Board adopted an annual dividend program in November 2019, which program was temporarily suspended until further notice by our Board in response to the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business. 
 Liquidation, Redemption and Preemptive Rights 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for the payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company and the payment or setting aside for payment of any preferential amount due to the holders of any series of Preferred Shares, the holders of shares, subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of shares ranking on a parity with the shares as to the payments or distributions in such event, shall be entitled to receive ratably any and all assets of the Company remaining to be paid or distributed. 
 We may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire and hold our shares, but no purchase, redemption or other acquisition shall be made unless the directors determined that immediately after the purchase, redemption or other acquisitions, we will be able to satisfy our liabilities as they become due in the ordinary course of our business and the realizable value of our assets will not be less than the sum of our total liabilities, other than deferred taxes, as shown in the books of account. A determination by our Board is not required where our shares are purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired: 
 a)	pursuant to a shareholder s right to have our shares redeemed or exchanged for money or other property of OneSpaWorld; 
 b)	in exchange for newly issued shares in the Company; 
 c)	by virtue of Section 81 of the International Business Companies Act, 2000 (No. 45 of 2000) (the Act of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas; or 
 d)	pursuant to a court order. 
 Our shares that are purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired by us in accordance with our Articles may be cancelled or held as treasury shares unless our shares are purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired out of capital pursuant to Section 32 of the Act, in which case they shall be cancelled. Holders of our shares have no preemptive rights. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions and Other Provisions of Our Articles 
 Our Articles include certain provisions which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a future takeover or change in control of us that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. Among other things, our Articles provide for a classified Board serving staggered terms of three years, super majority voting requirements with respect to certain significant transactions and restrictions on the acquisition of greater than 9.99 ownership without our Board s approval. 
 	 2 
 
 Classification of our Board of Directors 
 Our Board is divided into three classes, having staggered terms of office of three years each. The effect of the classified Board may be to make it more difficult to acquire control over OneSpaWorld. 
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
 Annual meetings of shareholders shall be held during each of our fiscal years and convened by a notice, which shall specify the place and time of the meeting as determined by resolution of the directors. Our Board may convene special meetings of the shareholders at such times and in such manner and places within or outside the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, or by means of remote communication, as the directors consider necessary or desirable. 
 At an annual meeting of the shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. In addition to any other applicable requirements, to be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the directors, (b) brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the directors or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a shareholder. Only those matters set forth in the notice of a special meeting may be considered or acted upon at that meeting, unless otherwise required by law. At every meeting of shareholders, the chairman of the board shall preside as chairman of the meeting. If there is no chairman of the board or if the chairman of the board is not present, the shareholders present shall choose someone of their number to be the chairman. 
 Special Meeting of Shareholders 
 A special meeting of the shareholders may be convened by our Board. Upon the written request of shareholders holding not less than majority of the outstanding voting shares, the directors shall convene a meeting of shareholders. If a special meeting is requested by such shareholders, a written request, specifying the business proposed to be transacted, shall be delivered personally or sent by first class mail, by express delivery or electronic transmission, to the Secretary of the Company. Upon receipt by our Secretary of such a request, the Secretary shall send notice of such meeting to shareholders entitled to vote within 45 days after the date the request was delivered to the Secretary. If such notice is not given by the Secretary within 45 days, the person or persons requesting the meeting may specify the time and place of the meeting and give noticed thereof; provided, however, that at least 10 days notice of such meeting is required to be given to the shareholders. 
 Advance Notice of Proposals 
 A shareholder may submit a proposal to present other items of business at the annual meeting of shareholder. The shareholder must give written notice of their intention to do. Notice for the presentation of other items of business submitted, must be received not less than 75 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders. Our Articles set forth the form and content of the notice, as well as additional information regarding shareholders proposals and nominations. 
 Restrictions on Ownership 
 Our Articles provide that shareholders will be prohibited from beneficially owning more than 9.99 of our issued and outstanding Common Shares without the consent of our Board. This restriction does not apply to Steiner Leisure Limited. 
 Indemnification 
 Our Articles provide that OneSpaWorld shall indemnify and hold harmless to the extent permitted by applicable law any person (other than any Auditor) who was or is a party or witness to (or is threatened to be made a party or witness to) any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) directly or indirectly by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or, while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, against all liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with 
 	 3 
 
 such action, suit or proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in (or not opposed to) the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; and in actions by or in the right of the Company except that no such indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such other court shall deem proper. 
 Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 OneSpaWorld has appointed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as our agent in New York to maintain our shareholders register on behalf of our Board and to act as transfer agent and registrar for our Common Shares and as warrant agent for our warrants. 
 Listing 
 Our Common Shares trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OSW. Our warrants are not currently traded on any national securities exchange. 
 Warrants 
 2019 Warrants 
 Each 2019 Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one of our Common Shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at any time. The 2019 Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the business combination, consummated on March 19, 2019 (the Business Combination ), at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption. 
 If the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the 2019 Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act within 60 business days following the Business Combination, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their 2019 Warrants on a cashless basis. However, no 2019 Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any Common Shares to holders seeking to exercise their 2019 Warrants, unless the issuance of the Common Shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the immediately preceding sentence are not satisfied with respect to a 2019 Warrant, the holder of such 2019 Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such 2019 Warrant and such 2019 Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any 2019 Warrant. 
 If our Common Shares are at the time of any exercise of a 2019 Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the Common Shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 We may call the 2019 Warrants for redemption: 
 in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

4 
 
 if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Common Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the 2019 Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of the Common Shares upon exercise of the 2019 Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such Common Shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the 2019 Warrants were offered in this offering. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the 2019 Warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its 2019 Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Common Shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 If we call the 2019 Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its 2019 Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their 2019 Warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of 2019 Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the 2019 Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of 2019 Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their 2019 Warrants for that number of Common Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Common Shares underlying the 2019 Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the 2019 Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Common Shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of 2019 Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Common Shares to be received upon exercise of the 2019 Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of Common Shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the 2019 Warrants. If we call the 2019 Warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, holders of the 2019 Warrants that constitute Private Placement Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their 2019 Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their 2019 Warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 
 A holder of a 2019 Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such 2019 Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 If the number of outstanding Common Shares is increased by a share dividend payable in Common Shares, or by a split-up of Common Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Common Shares issuable on exercise of each 2019 Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Common Shares. A rights offering to holders of Common Shares entitling holders to purchase Common Shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Common Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Common Shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Common Shares) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per common share paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Shares, in determining the price payable for Common Shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Common Shares as 
 	 5 
 
 reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Common Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the 2019 Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Common Shares on account of such Common Shares (or other shares of our share capital into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above or (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each common share in respect of such event. 
 If the number of outstanding Common Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Common Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Common Shares issuable on exercise of each 2019 Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Common Shares. 
 Whenever the number of Common Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the 2019 Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Common Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the 2019 Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Common Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Common Shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Common Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Common Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the 2019 Warrants and in lieu of the Common Shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the 2019 Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their 2019 Warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Common Shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the 2019 Warrant properly exercises the 2019 Warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement (as defined below) based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of the 2019 Warrant in order to determine and realize the option value component of the 2019 Warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder for the loss of the option value portion of the 2019 Warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the 2019 Warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. 
 The 2019 Warrants have been issued in registered form under the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us, dated March 25, 2019 (the Warrant Agreement ). For a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the 2019 Warrants, please refer to the Warrant Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2019. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the 2019 Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision and to provide for the delivery of Alternative Issuance (as defined in the Warrant Agreement). All other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Agreement). 
 	 6 
 
 The 2019 Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of 2019 Warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Shares and any voting rights until they exercise their 2019 Warrants and receive Common Shares. After the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of the 2019 Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each common share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 
 The 2019 Warrants that constitute Private Placement Warrants held by Steiner Leisure Limited and certain other investors (the PIPE Investors who entered into certain subscription agreements with us dated November 1, 2018 are not redeemable by us so long as they are held by Haymaker Sponsor, LLC, Steiner Leisure Limited, the PIPE Investors or their permitted transferees and may be exercised on a cashless basis at any time. If the Private Placement Warrants held by Haymaker Sponsor, LLC, Steiner Leisure Limited and the PIPE Investors cease to be held by them or their permitted transferees, such warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the 2019 Warrants that constitute Public Warrants. 
 If the holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise their Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Common Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Common Shares underlying the 2019 Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the 2019 Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Common Shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. 
 2020 Warrants 
 The 2020 Warrants issued pursuant to the Investment Agreement dated April 30, 2020, between OneSpaWorld, Steiner Leisure Limited and certain other investors party thereto (the Investment Agreement will expire on the earlier of (i) the fifth anniversary of the closing of the private placement of our Common Shares and 2020 Warrants pursuant to the Investment Agreement (the 2020 Private Placement or (ii) the Redemption Date (as defined below). The 2020 Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis, in accordance with a specified formula. In addition, the Company may, at any time prior to their expiration, elect to redeem not less than all of such then-outstanding 2020 Warrants at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last sales price of the Common Shares reported has been at least 14.50 per share (subject to adjustment in accordance with certain specified events), on each of twenty trading days within the thirty-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given (the Redemption Date ), and provided that the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of such 2020 Warrants have been registered, qualified or are exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the 2020 Warrant. 
 	 7 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 3
 osw-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited 

Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction 

Dory Intermediate LLC 
 Delaware 

Dory Acquisition Sub, Ltd. 
 Bahamas 

Dory Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Haymaker Acquisition Corp. 
 Delaware 

OneSpaWorld LLC 
 Delaware 

Steiner Spa Asia Limited 
 Bahamas 

Steiner Spa Limited 
 Bahamas 

OneSpaWorld Marks Limited 
 Bahamas 

Mandara Spa (Hawaii), LLC 
 Florida 

Florida Luxury Spa Group, LLC 
 Florida 

Steiner Transocean U.S., Inc. 
 Florida 

Steiner Spa Resorts (Nevada), Inc. 
 Florida 

Steiner Spa Resorts (Connecticut), Inc. 
 Florida 

Steiner Resort Spas (California), Inc. 
 California 

OneSpaWorld Resort Spas (North Carolina), Inc. 
 Florida 

OSW SoHo LLC 
 Florida 

OSW Distribution LLC 
 Florida 

World of Wellness Training Limited 
 United Kingdom 

STO Italy S.r.l. 
 Italy 

One Spa World LLC 
 Florida 

Mandara Spa Services LLC 
 Delaware 

OneSpaWorld Limited 
 Cayman Islands 

OneSpaWorld (Bahamas) Limited 
 Bahamas 

OneSpaWorld Medispa LLC 
 Delaware 

OneSpaWorld Medispa Limited 
 Cayman Islands 

OneSpaWorld Medispa (Bahamas) Limited 
 Bahamas 

Mandara Spa (Cruise I), LLC 
 Delaware 

Mandara Spa (Cruise II), LLC 
 Delaware 

Mandara Spa LLC 
 Delaware 

Mandara Spa Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 Puerto Rico 

Mandara Spa (Bahamas) Limited 
 Bahamas 

Mandara Spa Aruba N.V. 
 Aruba 

Mandara Spa Asia Limited 
 British Virgin Islands 

PT Mandara Spa Indonesia 
 Indonesia 

Spa Services Asia Limited 
 British Virgin Islands 

Mandara Spa Palau 
 Palau 

Mandara Spa (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 

Mandara Spa Ventures International Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 

Spa Partners (South Asia) Limited 
 British Virgin Islands 

Mandara Spa (Maldives) PVT LTD 
 Maldives 

Medispa Limited 
 Bahamas 

1 
 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT Document1 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 osw-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-239628) of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-249464) of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited, and 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232033) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited; 
 
 of our report dated March 3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 osw-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/ RULE 
 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Leonard Fluxman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 3, 2023 

/s/ Leonard Fluxman 

Leonard Fluxman 

Executive Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 osw-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/ RULE 
 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Stephen B. Lazarus, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 3, 2023 

/s/ Stephen B. Lazarus 

Stephen B. Lazarus Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 osw-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), the undersigned officer of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited certifies that (1) this Annual Report of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Leonard Fluxman 

Leonard Fluxman 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 3, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 osw-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), the undersigned officer of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited certifies that (1) this Annual Report of OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Stephen B. Lazarus 

Stephen B. Lazarus 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

March 3, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 osw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 osw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 osw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 osw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 osw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

