<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1571996_0001571996-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23640701</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1082775</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3479247</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9961793</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4565409</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4009162</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571996-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571996-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		163
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230203
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dell Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		IRS NUMBER:				800890963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0203

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37867
		FILM NUMBER:		23780951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DELL WAY
		CITY:			ROUND ROCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78682
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-289-3355

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DELL WAY
		CITY:			ROUND ROCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78682

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dell Technologies Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160825

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Denali Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571996-23-000007.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 dell-20230203.htm
 10-K

dell-20230203 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 1- - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of July 29, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion (based on the closing price of 45.06 per share of Class C Common Stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date). 
 As of March 27, 2023, there were 731,204,853 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding, consisting of outstanding shares of Class C Common Stock, outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words may, will, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, aim, seek, and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. All statements by us regarding our expected financial position, revenues, cash flows and other operating results, business strategy, legal proceedings and similar matters are forward-looking statements. Our expectations expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements may not turn out to be correct. Our results could be materially different from our expectations because of various risks, including the risks discussed in Part I Item 1A Risk Factors and in our other periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date as of which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement after the date as of which such statement was made, whether to reflect changes in circumstances or our expectations, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statement s and Supplementar y Data 
 73 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements W ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 153 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 153 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 155 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 155 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 156 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 157 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 157 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 157 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 157 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Fi nancial Statement S chedule s 
 158 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 165 
 Signatures 
 166 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this report to we, us, our, the Company, and Dell Technologies mean Dell Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, references to Dell mean Dell Inc. and Dell Inc. s consolidated subsidiaries, and references to EMC mean EMC Corporation and EMC Corporation s consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31. We refer to our fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 as Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Fiscal 2023 included 53 weeks, while Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 each included 52 weeks. 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Dell Technologies helps organizations build their digital futures and individuals transform how they work, live, and play. We provide customers with one of the industry s broadest and most innovative solutions portfolio for the data era, including traditional infrastructure and extending to multi-cloud environments. Our differentiated and holistic IT solutions benefit our results and enable us to capture revenue growth as customer spending priorities evolve. 
 
 Dell Technologies integrated solutions help customers modernize their IT infrastructure, manage and operate in a multicloud world, address workforce transformation, and provide critical solutions that keep people and organizations connected. We are helping customers accelerate their digital transformations to improve and strengthen business and workforce productivity. With our extensive portfolio and our commitment to innovation, we offer secure, integrated solutions that extend from the edge to the core to the cloud, and we are at the forefront of software-defined and cloud native infrastructure solutions. 
 
 Dell Technologies operates globally in approximately 180 countries, supported by a world-class organization across key functional areas, including technology and product development, marketing, sales, financial services, and services. We have a number of durable competitive advantages that provide a critical foundation for our success. Our go-to-market engine includes a 31,000-person direct sales force and a global network of approximately 240,000 channel partners. We employ approximately 35,000 full-time service and support professionals and maintain approximately 2,200 vendor-managed service centers. We also manage a world-class supply chain at significant scale with approximately 77 billion in annual procurement expenditures and over 725 parts distribution centers. 
 
 We further strengthen customer relationships through our financing offerings provided by Dell Financial Services and its affiliates DFS and our flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models, which we continue to expand under Dell APEX. These offerings enable our customers to pay over time and provide them with financial flexibility to meet their changing technological requirements. 
 
 Vision and Strategy 
 
 Our vision is to become the most essential technology company for the data era. We help customers address their evolving IT needs and their broader digital transformation objectives as they embrace today s multicloud world. We intend to execute our vision by focusing on two strategic priorities: 
 
 Grow and modernize our core offerings in the markets in which we predominantly compete 
 
 Pursue attractive new growth opportunities such as Edge, Telecom, data management, and as-a-Service consumption models 
 
 We believe we are uniquely positioned in the data and multicloud era and that our results will continue to benefit from our durable competitive advantages. We intend to continue to execute our business model and position our company for long-term success while balancing liquidity, profitability, and growth and keeping our purpose at the forefront of our decision-making: to create technologies that drive human progress. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 The IT industry is rapidly evolving with demand for simpler, more agile solutions as companies leverage multiple clouds across their increasingly complex IT environments. To meet our customer needs, we continue to invest in research and development, sales, and other key areas of our business to deliver superior products and solutions capabilities and to drive long-term sustainable growth. 
 
 Business Model Transformation 
 
 Our customers are seeking new and innovative models that address how they consume our solutions. In part, customers are looking to remove unnecessary cost and complexity, align solution offerings to their business needs, and provide consistent operations throughout their IT enterprise. 
 
 We offer options including as-a-Service, subscription, utility, leases, loans, and immediate pay models designed to match customers' consumption and financing preferences. We believe these options are particularly advantageous for our customers during times of economic uncertainty as they provide financial flexibility to further enable them to procure our solutions. 
 
 These offerings typically result in multiyear agreements which generate recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. We expect that these offerings will further strengthen our customer relationships and provide a foundation for growth in recurring revenue. We define recurring revenue as revenue recognized that is primarily related to hardware and software maintenance as well as subscription, as-a-Service, usage-based offerings, and operating leases. 
 
 As we pursue our strategy of modernizing our core business solutions, we continue to evolve and build momentum across our family of as-a-Service offerings under Dell APEX. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 We design, develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a wide range of IT solutions, products, and services. We are organized into two business units which are also our reportable segments, referred to as Infrastructure Solutions Group and Client Solutions Group. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions Group ISG ISG enables our customers digital transformation with solutions that address the fundamental shift to multicloud environments, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data analytics. ISG enables customers to simplify, streamline, and automate their cloud operations. ISG solutions are built for multicloud environments and are optimized to run cloud native workloads in both public and private clouds, as well as traditional on-premise workloads. 
 
 Our comprehensive storage portfolio includes traditional as well as next-generation storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, scale-out file, object platforms, hyper-converged infrastructure, and software-defined storage. We have simplified our storage portfolio and continue to make enhancements to our storage offerings that we expect will drive long-term improvements in the business. 
 
 Our server portfolio includes high-performance rack, blade, and tower servers. Our servers are designed with the capability to run high value workloads across customers IT environments, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and edge workloads. Our networking portfolio helps our business customers transform and modernize their infrastructure, mobilize and enrich end-user experiences, and accelerate business applications and processes. 
 
 Our strengths in server, storage, and virtualization software solutions allow us to offer leading converged and hyper-converged solutions, enabling our customers to accelerate their IT transformation with scalable integrated solutions instead of building and assembling their own IT platforms. ISG also offers software, peripherals, and services, including configuration, support and deployment, and extended warranties. 
 
 Approximately half of ISG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion derived from sales to customers in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region EMEA and the Asia-Pacific and Japan region APJ ). 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Client Solutions Group CSG CSG includes branded PCs including notebooks, desktops, and workstations and branded peripherals including displays and docking stations, as well as third-party software and peripherals. CSG also includes services offerings, including support and deployment, configuration, and extended warranties. Our CSG offerings are designed with our customers needs in mind and we seek to optimize performance, reliability, manageability, design, and security. 
 
 Our commercial portfolio provides our customers with solutions centered around flexibility to address their complex needs such as IT modernization, hybrid work transformation, and other critical needs. Within our high-end consumer offerings, we provide our customers with powerful performance, processing, and end-user experiences. 
 
 Approximately half of CSG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion derived from sales to customers in EMEA and APJ. 
 
 Our other businesses, described below, primarily consists of our resale of standalone offerings of VMware, Inc. (individually and together with its subsidiaries, VMware ), referred to as VMware Resale, and offerings of SecureWorks Corp. Secureworks ). These businesses are not classified as reportable segments, either individually or collectively. 
 
 VMware Resale consists of our sale of standalone VMware offerings. Under our Commercial Framework Agreement with VMware discussed in this report, Dell Technologies continues to act as a key channel partner for VMware, reselling VMware s offerings to our customers. This partnership is intended to facilitate mutually beneficial growth for both Dell Technologies and VMware. 
 
 VMware works with customers in the areas of hybrid and multicloud, modern applications, networking, security, and digital workspaces, helping customers manage their IT resources across private clouds and complex multicloud, multi-device environments. 
 
 Secureworks (NASDAQ: SCWX) is a leading global cybersecurity provider of technology-driven security solutions singularly focused on protecting its customers by outpacing and outmaneuvering the adversary. The solutions offered by Secureworks enable organizations of varying size and complexity to prevent security breaches, detect malicious activity, respond rapidly when a security breach occurs, and identify emerging threats. 
 
 Our offerings are continually evolving in response to customer needs. As a result, reclassifications of certain products and services solutions in major product categories may be required. For further discussion regarding our reportable segments, see Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Business Unit Results and Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 Dell Financial Services 
 
 DFS supports our businesses by offering and arranging various financing options and services for our customers globally. DFS originates, collects, and services customer receivables primarily related to the purchase or use of our product, software, and services solutions. We also arrange financing for some of our customers in various countries where DFS does not currently operate as a captive entity. We further strengthen customer relationships through flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models, which enable us to offer our customers the option to pay over time to provide them with financial flexibility to meet their changing technological requirements. DFS funded 9.7 billion of originations in Fiscal 2023 and maintains an 11 billion global portfolio of high-quality financing receivables. The results of these operations are allocated to our segments based on the underlying product or service financed and may be impacted by, among other items, changes in the interest rate environment and the translation of those changes to pricing. For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 We focus on developing scalable technology solutions that incorporate desirable features and capabilities at competitive prices. We employ a collaborative approach to design and development in which our engineers, with direct customer input, design innovative solutions and work with a global network of technology companies to architect new system designs, influence the direction of future development, and integrate new technologies into our products and solutions. Through our collaborative, customer-focused approach to innovation, we strive to deliver new and relevant products to the market quickly and efficiently. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our software engineers are focused on developing the next generation of innovative solutions. Our software simplifies the complex through automation, increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence and machine-learning technology. Most of our research and development R D expenditures represent costs to develop the software that powers these solutions. 
 
 We manage our R D spending by targeting those innovations and solutions that we believe are most valuable to our customers and by relying on the capabilities of our strategic relationships. We have a global R D presence, with total R D expenses of 2.8 billion, 2.6 billion, and 2.5 billion for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. These investments reflect our commitment to R D activities that ultimately support our goal to help our customers build their digital future and to transform IT. 
 
 Additionally, we invest in early-stage, privately-held companies that develop software, hardware, and other technologies or provide services supporting our technologies. We manage our investments through our venture capital investment arm, Dell Technologies Capital. 
 
 Manufacturing and Materials 
 
 We own manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Malaysia, China, Brazil, India, Poland, and Ireland. See Item 2 Properties for information about our manufacturing and distribution facilities. 
 
 We also utilize contract manufacturers throughout the world to manufacture or assemble our products under the Dell Technologies brand as part of our strategy to enhance our variable cost structure and to achieve our goals of generating cost efficiencies, delivering products faster, better serving our customers, and enhancing our supply chain. When using contract manufacturers, we purchase components from suppliers and subsequently sell those components to the manufacturer. Our manufacturing process consists of assembly, software installation, functional testing, and quality control. We conduct operations utilizing a formal, documented quality management system to ensure that our products and services satisfy customer needs and expectations. Testing and quality control are also applied to components, parts, sub-assemblies, and systems obtained from third-party suppliers. 
 
 Our quality management system is maintained through the testing of components, sub-assemblies, software, and systems at various stages in the manufacturing process. Quality control procedures also include a burn-in period for completed units after assembly, ongoing production reliability audits, failure tracking for early identification of production and component problems, and processing of information from customers obtained through services and support programs. This system is certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard that includes our global sites and organizations that design, manufacture, and service our products. 
 
 Our order fulfillment, manufacturing, and test facilities are also certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard for quality management systems, the ISO 14001 International Standard for environmental management systems, the ISO 45001 International Standard for health and safety management systems, and the ISO 50001 International Standard for energy management systems. These internationally-recognized endorsements of ongoing quality, environmental, health and safety, and energy management are among the highest levels of certifications available. We also have implemented programs and methodologies to ensure that the quality of our designs, manufacturing, test processes, and supplier relationships are continually improved. 
 
 We maintain a Supplier Code of Conduct, actively manage recycling processes for our returned products, and are certified by the Environmental Protection Agency as a Smartway Transport Partner. 
 
 We purchase materials, supplies, product components, and products from a large number of qualified suppliers. In some cases, where multiple sources of supply are not available, we rely on a single source or a limited number of sources of supply if we believe it is advantageous to do so because of performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. We believe that any disruption that may occur because of our dependence on single- or limited-source vendors would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry Reliance on vendors for products and components, many of which are single-source or limited-source suppliers, could harm our business by adversely affecting product availability, delivery, reliability, and cost for information about the risks associated with Dell Technologies use of single- or limited-source suppliers. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Geographic Operations 
 
 Our global corporate headquarters is located in Round Rock, Texas. We have operations and conduct business in many countries located in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and other geographic regions. To increase our global reach, we continue to focus on emerging markets outside of the United States, Western Europe, Canada, and Japan. We continue to view these geographical markets, which include the vast majority of the world s population, as a long-term growth opportunity. Accordingly, we pursue the development of technology solutions that meet the needs of these markets. For information about the amount of net revenue we generated from our operations outside of the United States during the last three fiscal years, see Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our sales can be affected by seasonal trends. Within ISG, our storage sales are typically stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter. Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, with sales in EMEA typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter. Historical seasonal patterns may not continue in the future and have been impacted by, and may continue to be impacted by, the COVID-19 pandemic, the changing macroeconomic environment, and our mix of business. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings. We face ongoing product and price competition in all areas of our business, including from both branded and generic competitors. We compete based on our ability to offer customers competitive, scalable, and integrated solutions that provide the most current and desired product and services features at a competitive price. We closely monitor market pricing, including the effect of foreign exchange rate movements, in an effort to provide the best value for our customers. We believe that our strong relationships with our customers and channel partners allow us to respond quickly to changing customer needs and other macroeconomic factors. 
 
 We also face competition from non-traditional IT companies, including large Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers, that often buy their infrastructure directly from original design manufacturers. Competitive pressures could increase if customers choose to move existing workloads to these Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers. 
 
 The markets in which we compete span countries around the world with customers that range from the world s largest corporations to small and medium-sized businesses to consumers and also includes government and not-for-profit organizations. We believe that new businesses will continue to enter these markets and develop technologies that, if successfully commercialized, may compete with our products and services. Moreover, current competitors may enter into new strategic relationships with new or existing competitors, which may further increase the competitive pressures. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry for information about our competitive risks. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales and marketing efforts are organized around the evolving needs of our customers. Our unified global sales and marketing team has created a go-to-market organization that is customer-focused, collaborative, and innovative. We generally organize our go-to-market operations with a focus on geographic and customer segments which encompass large g lobal and national enterprises, public institutions that include governmental agencies, educational institutions, healthc are organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers. 
 
 Go-to-market strategy We sell products and services directly to customers and through other sales channels, which include value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers. We manage our many channels to offer a unified customer experience. 
 
 We believe our direct business model is a significant competitive advantage and emphasizes direct communication with customers, allowing us to refine our products and marketing programs and enabling us to successfully navigate environments with constrained supply chains. 
 
 In addition to our direct business model, we use our network of channel partners to sell our products and services, enabling us to efficiently serve a greater number of customers. The Dell Technologies partner program contributes to the development of 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 channel sales by providing appropriate incentives to encourage sales generation. We also facilitate access to third-party financing to help our channel partners manage their working capital. We believe that building long-term relationships with our channel partners enhances our ability to deliver a high-quality customer experience. During Fiscal 2023, our other sales channels generated approximately 50 of our net revenue. 
 
 Large enterprises and public institutions For large enterprises and public institutions, we maintain a field sales force throughout the world. Dedicated account teams, which include technical sales specialists, form long-term relationships to provide our largest customers with a single source of assistance, develop tailored solutions for these customers, position the capabilities of Dell Technologies, and provide us with customer feedback. For these customers, we offer several programs designed to provide single points of contact and accountability with dedicated account managers, special pricing, and consistent service and support programs. We also maintain specific sales and marketing programs targeting federal, state, and local governmental agencies, as well as healthcare and educational customers. 
 
 Small and medium-sized business and consumers We market our products and services to small and medium-sized businesses and consumers through various advertising media. To react quickly to our customers needs, we track our Net Promoter Score, a customer loyalty metric that is widely used across various industries. Net Promoter Score is a trademark of Satmetrix Systems, Inc., Bain Company, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. We also engage with customers through our social media communities on our website and in external social media channels. 
 
 Product Backlog 
 
 Product backlog represents the value of unfulfilled manufacturing orders and is included as a component of remaining performance obligations to the extent we determine that the manufacturing orders are non-cancelable. Our business model generally gives us the ability to optimize product backlog at any point in time, by such actions as expediting shipping or prioritizing customer orders for products that have shorter lead times. We ended Fiscal 2022 with elevated backlog levels as a result of industry-wide constraints in the supply of limited-source components. During Fiscal 2023, we lowered our backlog levels across both CSG and ISG as supply positions improved and demand declined. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, we held a worldwide portfolio of 20,693 granted patents and 8,045 pending patent applications. We continue to obtain new patents through our ongoing research and development activities. The inventions claimed in our patents and patent applications cover aspects of our current and possible future offerings, computer systems, software products, manufacturing processes, and related technologies. We also hold licenses to use numerous third-party patents. Although we use our patented inventions and license some of them to others, we are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. Our product and process patents may establish barriers to entry, and we anticipate that our worldwide patent portfolio will continue to be of value in negotiating intellectual property rights with others in the industry. 
 
 We have used, registered, or applied to register certain trademarks and copyrights in the United States and in other countries. We believe that Dell Technologies, DELL, Dell EMC, Alienware, and Secureworks word marks and logo marks in the United States are material to our operations. 
 
 We have entered into software licensing agreements with other companies. We also license certain technology and intellectual property from third parties for use in our offerings and processes, and license some of our technologies and intellectual property to third parties. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our business is subject to regulation by various U.S. federal and state governmental agencies and other governmental agencies. Such regulation includes the activities of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission; the anti-trust regulatory activities of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the European Union; the consumer protection laws and financial services regulation of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and various U.S. governmental agencies; the export regulatory activities of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of the Treasury; the import regulatory activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection; the product safety regulatory activities of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and the U.S. Department of Transportation; the health information privacy and security requirements of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; and the environmental, employment and labor, and other regulatory activities of a variety of governmental authorities in each of the countries in which we conduct business. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, performance, and safety regulations in all areas in which we conduct business. Product design and procurement operations must comply with requirements relating to materials composition, sourcing, radiated emissions, energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation, and disposal of electronics products, including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion, and other substances. Operations may also become subject to new or emergent standards relating to climate change laws and regulations. The amount and timing of costs under environmental and safety laws are difficult to predict. We were not assessed any material environmental fines, nor did we have any material environmental remediation or other environmental costs, during Fiscal 2023. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and are also subject to export controls, customs regulations, economic sanctions laws, including those currently imposed on Russia, and embargoes imposed by the U.S. government. Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws or export control, customs, or economic sanctions laws and regulations may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. 
 
 We are subject to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. We incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance 
 
 Dell Technologies is committed to driving human progress by putting our technology and expertise to work where it can do the most good for both people and the planet. We recognize that all of our stakeholders shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees, and communities as well as the environment and society, are essential to our business. 
 
 Dell Technologies is committed to progressing towards the goals set forth in our plan for 2030 and beyond (our 2030 Goals ). Our 2030 Goals represent an extension of our purpose as a company to create technologies that drive human progress. We are using these goals to build our impact strategies over the next decade. Our 2030 Goals have four critical areas of focus: 
 
 Advancing Sustainability We believe we have a responsibility to protect and enrich our planet together with our customers, suppliers, and communities. We continue to prioritize sustainability across our business ecosystem, valuing natural resources and seeking to minimize our impact. With the power of our global supply chain, Dell Technologies pursues the highest standards of sustainability and ethical practices. 
 
 Cultivating Inclusion We view diversity and inclusion as a business imperative that will enable us to build and empower our future workforce and we strive to cultivate inclusion for our team members, customers, and communities. It is essential that our workforce be fully representative of the diversity in our global customer base. Further, we believe that diversity of leadership increases innovation and ensures that company decisions reflect a wide variety of perspectives. 
 
 Transforming Lives We believe our scale, support, and the innovative application of our portfolio can play an important role in advancing fundamental human rights and addressing complex societal challenges, including improving health, education, and economic opportunities for the underserved. We endeavor to harness the power of technology to create a future that is capable of realizing human potential. 
 
 Upholding Ethics and Data Privacy Ethics and privacy play a critical role in establishing a strong foundation for positive social impact. We are committed to ensuring that new talent and existing team members align with our ethical culture. We will continue to invest in our advanced privacy governance and risk-management technology and continue seeking to select, evaluate, and do business with third parties who share our level of dedication to ethics and privacy. 
 
 Dell Technologies measures progress against our 2030 Goals in our annually released reports available on our website. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Climate Change 
 
 At Dell Technologies, we believe that by addressing climate change, we are demonstrating our commitment to protect our planet and the community. We have a responsibility to manage the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our direct and indirect footprint, and technology plays an important role in this undertaking. We aim to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions across Scopes 1, 2, and 3 by 2050. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 We are a diverse team with unique perspectives, united in our purpose, our strategy, and our culture. Our goal is to ensure that employees of different backgrounds feel valued, engaged, and inspired to do their best work. Through our ongoing diversity and inclusion efforts, flexible working environments, training and development offerings, and health and wellness resources for our employees, we are striving to attract, develop, and retain an empowered workforce. We believe the success of our commitment is demonstrated through our employee tenure and recognition by Newsweek as America s Most Loved Workplace of 2022 and by Forbes in its ranking of the 2022 World s Best Employers. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, we had approximately 133,000 employees, approximately 32 of whom were located in the United States. As a result of rapidly evolving macroeconomic conditions during Fiscal 2023, we took certain measures to reduce cost, including limiting external hiring. Further, subsequent to the close of Fiscal 2023, we announced to our employees reorganizations and other actions to align our investments more closely with our previously discussed strategic and customer priorities. These actions will reduce our employee population by approximately 5 . We are committed to supporting those impacted as they transition to their next opportunities. Despite these difficult decisions, we continue to make investments and focused efforts to develop and empower our employees and attract and retain talent. 
 
 We seek to support our culture in four key focus areas: 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion At Dell Technologies, we believe diversity is power. Within our 2030 Plan, one critical area of focus cultivating inclusion highlights how our human capital resources are vital to our social impact and long-term success. Cultivating inclusion is a core component of our culture, and we believe that closing the diversity gap is critical to meeting future talent needs and ensuring that new perspectives reflect our global customer base. We are committed to equal employment opportunity for all and upholding ethics and integrity in all we do and will continue to pursue inclusive policies that support full-spectrum diversity. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, excluding employees of Secureworks, the overall representation of employees who self-identify as women was approximately 35 . Of our global people leaders, 29 self-identified as women. We define people leaders as employees in a management level or executive position. 
 
 As of the same date, our U.S. employee base was composed of employees who self-identified with the following races and ethnicities: 63 as White or Caucasian; 15 as Asian; 10 as Hispanic or Latino; 6 as Black or African American; 2 with two or more races; and 1 with additional groups (including American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander). Approximately 3 of our U.S. employee base did not self-report or specify race and ethnicity status. Of our U.S. people leaders, 12 self-identified as Hispanic or Latino or as Black or African American. 
 
 As the composition of the workforce evolves, we recognize that companies embracing diversity and inclusion are experiencing greater innovation, productivity, engagement, and employee satisfaction. We are committed to increasing gender and ethnic diversity throughout Dell Technologies and, as part of our 2030 Plan, have goals focused on this objective. We seek to achieve the following diversity goals within our workforce (excluding employees of Secureworks): 
 
 By 2030, 50 of our global workforce and 40 of our global people leaders will be those who self-identify as women. 
 
 By 2030, 25 of our U.S. workforce and 15 of our U.S. people leaders will be those who self-identify as Black or African American or as Hispanic or Latino. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 We seek to meet these goals by: 
 
 building and attracting the future workforce by investing in innovative recruiting and hiring programs intended to attract the best talent possible and address the global technology talent gap; and 
 
 developing and retaining our current team members through a supportive corporate culture focused on equity of access to career advancement and upskilling programs. 
 
 Achievement Through Learning, Development, and Total Rewards We offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package and strive to provide the best choice and value at the best cost. Our comprehensive rewards programs are designed to attract, reward, and retain high-quality talent and to inspire employees to be their best and do their best work for our customers and the growth of our business. We recognize and reward performance through awards aligned with business strategy and individual objectives while supporting team members mental, physical, and financial health, and promoting workplace flexibility and connection. Further, Dell Technologies focus on cultivating inclusion is an important component of our total rewards philosophy: We believe that equal pay is a business imperative and we are committed to it. 
 
 We provide a multitude of programs to support employees career growth and development through a centralized experience called Build Your Career. Through this program, we offer formal training options, individualized development programs and sponsorship, tools for 360-degree feedback, mentoring, networking, stretch assignments, and growth opportunities. Our tools and resources are designed to empower and inspire employees to direct their own career paths and build a portfolio of transferable skills for success in the technology industry. Our internal Career Hub supports employee growth by providing personalized development suggestions, such as mentors and job opportunities, that align with their skills and development goals. We are committed to building a diverse leadership pipeline with a broad spectrum of skills, including the ability to lead with integrity and inspire others. 
 
 Balance and Wellness Work flexibility is part of our culture and remains a significant priority for us. We have built tools and a culture that provide choice and flexibility to employees, the majority of whom work in a hybrid environment. Dell s global Connected Workplace program allows eligible employees to choose from a variety of flexible work arrangement options that best meet their needs. This program provides technologies to support employees to excel and progress regardless of their physical location. 
 
 We support our employees wellness through a comprehensive approach focused on mental, physical, and financial health, flexibility, and connection. We provide wellness resources to help employees and their families develop and sustain healthy habits. We further support employee wellness via regular communications, virtual live and on-demand educational sessions, counseling and support services, fitness and wellness challenges, voluntary progress tracking, and other incentives. 
 
 Connection and Engagement We believe that employee feedback is an important part of our culture and how we drive our strategy. Through our annual Tell Dell survey, employees can confidentially voice their perceptions of the Company and our leadership, culture, and inclusiveness so that we can continue to improve the employee experience. We drive further employee engagement and connection through a variety of initiatives including, but not limited to, our team member listening strategy and our Employee Resource Groups ERGs ). We have a total of 13 unique ERGs that cultivate inclusion and bring many collective voices together for a greater business impact. Our ERGs also provide personal and professional development through networking opportunities, mentoring, volunteerism, and community involvement. 
 
 Human Rights 
 
 At Dell Technologies, upholding and advancing respect for the fundamental human rights of all people is core to our business strategy, purpose, and commitment to drive human progress and create a positive and lasting social impact. We believe everyone deserves to be treated equally with dignity and respect, and we are committed to responsible, ethical, inclusive, and sustainable business practices. We believe in winning with integrity, and we use training and technology to assist our team members in applying the principles of integrity and compliance as part of everyday business transactions, activities, and decisions. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Supply Chain Resources 
 
 We manage our responsible business practices in one of the world s largest supply chains, which involves hundreds of thousands of people around the world. We continue our efforts to drive responsible manufacturing through robust assurance practices, including human rights due diligence and environmental stewardship. We recognize that looking after the wellbeing of people in our supply chain is important and have set goals for our work in this area, including: 
 
 providing healthy work environments; 
 
 delivering future-ready skills development for employees in our supply chain; and 
 
 continuing our engagement with the people who make our products. 
 
 We support supplier employees at all levels with training on key topics, including forced labor and health and safety, and we continue to work with suppliers to deliver training directly to employees via their mobile phones. Through this initiative, Dell Technologies covers the cost of developing training modules and shares training costs with suppliers who deliver them. 
 
 Dell Technologies works to ensure that we and our suppliers manufacture our products responsibly, in part through our social and environmental responsibility assurance program. Through risk assessments and audits conducted under this program, we seek to monitor factories adherence to the Responsible Business Alliance RBA Code of Conduct. Audits are conducted by third-party auditors that have been trained and certified by the RBA. The audits cover topics across five areas: labor, including risks of forced labor and weekly working hours; employee health and safety; environment; ethics; and management systems. Through our audit program, we aim to identify and solve concerns in our supply chain, and seek continual improvements to address issues and enable suppliers to build their own in-house capabilities. We supplement our audits with targeted assessments of suppliers when we identify opportunities to drive further improvements. 
 
 Our supply chain sustainability progress is available through annual reporting on the social impact reporting page of our website. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Information 
 
 We are a holding company that conducts our operations through subsidiaries. 
 
 The mailing address of our principal executive offices is One Dell Way, Round Rock, Texas 78682. Our telephone number is 1-800-289-3355. 
 Our website address is www.delltechnologies.com. We make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information on, or accessible through, our website referred to above or any other website we refer to in this report is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this report. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 4, 2023, information about our executive officers, who are appointed by our Board of Directors. 
 Name Age Position Michael S. Dell 58 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Jeffrey W. Clarke 60 Co-Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman Allison Dew 53 Chief Marketing Officer Howard D. Elias 65 Chief Customer Officer and President, Services and Digital Richard J. Rothberg 59 General Counsel Jennifer D. Saavedra, Ph.D. 53 Chief Human Resources Officer William F. Scannell 60 President, Global Sales and Customer Operations Thomas W. Sweet 63 Chief Financial Officer Anthony Charles Whitten 46 Co-Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Michael S. Dell Mr. Dell serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Dell Technologies. Mr. Dell served as Chief Executive Officer of Dell Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, from 1984 until July 2004 and resumed that role in January 2007. In 1998, Mr. Dell formed MSD Capital, L.P., a private investment firm, for the purpose of managing his and his family s investments, and, in 1999, he and his wife established the Michael Susan Dell Foundation to provide philanthropic support to a variety of global causes. Mr. Dell is an honorary member of the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum and is an executive committee member of the International Business Council. He serves as a member of the Technology CEO Council and is a member of the Business Roundtable. He also serves on the advisory board of Tsinghua University s School of Economics and Management in Beijing, China, on the governing board of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad, India, and as a board member of Catalyst, Inc., a non-profit organization that promotes inclusive workplaces for women. In June 2014, Mr. Dell was named the United Nations Foundation s first Global Advocate for Entrepreneurship. Mr. Dell is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of VMware, Inc., a cloud infrastructure and digital workspace technology company that was formerly a public majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, and Non-Executive Chairman of SecureWorks Corp., a public majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies. Mr. Dell was a board member of Pivotal Software, Inc., formerly a public majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies that provides a leading cloud-native platform, from September 2016 until it was merged with VMware, Inc. in December 2019. 
 
 Jeffrey W. Clarke Mr. Clarke serves as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman of Dell Technologies, responsible for running day-to-day business operations, shaping the Company s strategic agenda, and setting priorities across the Dell Technologies executive leadership team. In partnership with Mr. Whitten, Mr. Clarke directs the Infrastructure Solutions Group and the Client Solutions Group and manages Global Operations, including manufacturing, procurement, and supply chain. He is also responsible for setting long-term strategy and leads planning for emerging technology areas such as Cloud, Edge, Telecom, and as-a-Service. Mr. Clarke has served as Co-Chief Operating Officer since August 2021, Chief Operating Officer from December 2019 to August 2021 and Vice Chairman, Products and Operations since September 2017, before which he served as Vice Chairman and President, Operations and Client Solutions with Dell Technologies and, previously, Dell, since January 2009. From January 2003 until January 2009, Mr. Clarke served as Senior Vice President, Business Product Group. From November 2001 to January 2003, Mr. Clarke served as Vice President and General Manager, Relationship Product Group. In 1995, Mr. Clarke became the director of desktop development. Mr. Clarke joined Dell in 1987 as a quality engineer 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 and has served in a variety of other engineering and management roles. Before joining Dell Technologies, Mr. Clarke served as a reliability and product engineer at Motorola, Inc, a global technology company. 
 
 Allison Dew Ms. Dew serves as the Chief Marketing Officer of Dell Technologies. In this role, in which she has served since March 2018, Ms. Dew is directly responsible for the global marketing organization, strategy, and all aspects of Dell Technologies marketing efforts, including brand and creative, product marketing, communications, digital, and field and channel marketing. Since joining Dell Technologies in 2008, Ms. Dew has been instrumental in Dell Technologies marketing transformation, leading an emphasis on data-driven marketing, customer understanding, and integrated planning. Most recently, prior to her current position, Ms. Dew led marketing for the Dell Technologies Client Solutions Group from December 2013 to March 2018. Before joining Dell Technologies, Ms. Dew served in various marketing leadership roles at Microsoft Corporation, a global technology company. Ms. Dew also worked in both a regional advertising firm in Tokyo, Japan and an independent multicultural agency in New York. 
 
 Howard D. Elias Mr. Elias serves as Chief Customer Officer and President, Services and Digital at Dell Technologies. He leads a global organization devoted to customer advocacy and oversees global support, deployment, consulting, education, managed services, services sales, the IT organization, and strategic partnerships. He is executive sponsor for more than a dozen of Dell Technologies largest enterprise accounts and is responsible for setting and driving strategy to enable and accelerate the mission-critical business transformations of customers and Dell s own global operations. Mr. Elias previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer, EMC Global Enterprise Services from January 2013 until EMC s acquisition by Dell Technologies in September 2016, and was President and Chief Operating Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure and Cloud Services from September 2009 to January 2013. In these roles, Mr. Elias was responsible for setting the strategy, driving the execution, and creating the best practices for services that enabled the digital transformation and data center modernization of EMC s customers. Mr. Elias also had responsibility at EMC for leading the integration of the Dell and EMC businesses, including overseeing the cross-functional teams that drove all facets of integration planning. Previously, Mr. Elias was EMC s Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Development, responsible for all marketing, sales enablement, technology alliances, corporate development, and new ventures. Mr. Elias was also a co-founder and served on the board of managers for the Virtual Computing Environment Company, now part of Dell Technologies converged platform division. Before joining EMC, Mr. Elias served in various capacities at Hewlett-Packard Company, a provider of information technology products, services, and solutions for enterprise customers, most recently as Senior Vice President of Business Management and Operations for the Enterprise Systems Group. Mr. Elias currently serves as chairman of TEGNA Inc., a media and digital business company, and is a member of the Massachusetts Business Roundtable. 
 
 Richard J. Rothberg Mr. Rothberg serves as General Counsel and Secretary for Dell Technologies. In this role, in which he has served since November 2013, Mr. Rothberg oversees the global legal department and manages government affairs, compliance, and ethics. He is also responsible for global security. Mr. Rothberg joined Dell in 1999 and has served in critical leadership roles throughout the legal department. He served as Vice President of Legal, supporting Dell s businesses in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region before moving to Singapore in 2008 as Vice President of Legal for the Asia-Pacific and Japan region. Mr. Rothberg returned to the United States in 2010 to serve as Vice President of Legal for the North America and Latin America regions. In this role, he was lead counsel for sales and operations in the Americas and for the enterprise solutions, software, and end-user computing business units. He also led the government affairs organization worldwide. Before joining Dell, Mr. Rothberg served nearly eight years at Caterpillar Inc., an equipment manufacturing company, in senior legal roles in Nashville, Tennessee and Geneva, Switzerland. Mr. Rothberg was also an attorney for IBM Credit Corporation and at Rogers Wells, a law firm. 
 
 Jennifer D. Saavedra, Ph.D. Dr. Saavedra is Dell Technologies' Chief Human Resources Officer. In this role, Dr. Saavedra leads Dell s Global Human Resources and Facilities function and accelerates the performance and growth of the company through its culture and its people. Dr. Saavedra previously served as Dell s Senior Vice President, Human Resources Sales from December 2019 to March 2021 and as Dell s Senior Vice President, Human Resources Talent and Culture from November 2017 to December 2019. Dr. Saavedra joined Dell in 2005 and has served in many key leadership roles throughout the Human Resources organization, including talent development and culture, business partner, strategy, and learning and development. Before joining Dell in 2005, Dr. Saavedra served as a Human Resources consultant to private and public companies. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 William F. Scannell Mr. Scannell serves as President, Global Sales and Customer Operations for Dell Technologies, heading the global go-to-market organization, including Channel, OEM, Global Alliances, and Specialty Sales. In this role, in which he has served since February 2020, Mr. Scannell is responsible for go-to-market strategy and driving global growth by delivering Dell Technologies solutions to organizations in established and new markets in approximately 180 countries. Mr. Scannell previously served as President, Global Enterprise Sales and Customer Operations for Dell Technologies from September 2017 to January 2020, leading the sales teams to deliver innovative and practical technology solutions to large enterprises and public institutions worldwide. Prior to joining Dell Technologies, Mr. Scannell served as President, Global Sales and Customer Operations at EMC. In this role, to which he was appointed in July 2012 after overseeing customer operations in the Americas and EMEA, Mr. Scannell focused on driving coordination and teamwork among EMC s business unit sales forces, as well as building and maintaining relationships with EMC s largest global accounts, global alliance partners, and global channel partners. Mr. Scannell began his career as an EMC sales representative in 1986, becoming country manager of Canada in 1988. Shortly thereafter, his responsibilities expanded to include the United States and Latin America. In 1999, Mr. Scannell moved to London to oversee EMC s business across all of Europe, Middle East, and Africa. He then managed worldwide sales in 2001 and 2002 before being appointed Executive Vice President in 2007. 
 
 Thomas W. Sweet Mr. Sweet serves as Chief Financial Officer of Dell Technologies. In this role, in which he has served since January 2014, he is responsible for all aspects of the Company s finance function, including accounting, financial planning and analysis, tax, treasury, and investor relations, as well as global business operations, Dell Financial Services and Dell Technologies Capital. He also leads corporate strategy, partnering closely with the office of the CEO to develop and execute a long-term growth strategy that creates value for Dell Technologies stakeholders. From May 2007 to January 2014, Mr. Sweet served in a variety of finance leadership roles for Dell, including as Vice President of Corporate Finance, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer, with responsibility for global accounting, tax, treasury, and investor relations, as well as for global finance services. Mr. Sweet was responsible for external financial reporting for more than five years when Dell Inc. was a publicly-traded company. Prior to this service, he served in a variety of finance leadership positions, including as Vice President responsible for overall finance activities within the corporate business, education, government, and healthcare business units of Dell. Mr. Sweet also has served as the head of internal audit and in a number of sales leadership roles in education and corporate business units since joining Dell in 1997. Prior to joining Dell, Mr. Sweet was Vice President, Accounting and Finance, for Telos Corporation, a provider of security solutions. He previously spent 13 years with Price Waterhouse LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP), a firm specializing in accounting, assurance, tax, and consulting services, in a variety of roles primarily focused on providing audit and accounting services to the technology industry. Mr. Sweet serves on the Board of Directors of Trimble Inc., an industrial technology company. 
 
 Anthony Charles Whitten Mr. Whitten is Co-Chief Operating Officer for Dell Technologies, responsible for managing day-to-day business operations, shaping the Company s strategic agenda and setting priorities across the Dell Technologies executive leadership team. In partnership with Mr. Clarke, Mr. Whitten directs the Infrastructure Solutions Group and the Client Solutions Group and manages Global Operations, including manufacturing, procurement, and supply chain. He is also responsible for setting long-term strategy and leads planning for emerging technology areas such as Cloud, Edge, Telecom, and as-a-Service. Mr. Whitten joined Dell Technologies in August 2021 from Bain Company Bain ), a management consulting company, where he served as the managing partner of Bain Southwest and was a two-time elected member of Bain s Board of Directors. During his 22-year tenure at Bain, Mr. Whitten supported hundreds of clients across the globe on strategy, company transformation, M A and capital markets strategy. In the last decade of his career at Bain, he focused exclusively on the technology sector and was intimately involved in shaping the long-term strategy of Dell Technologies. Under his leadership of Bain s Southwest region, the business more than doubled, was perennially a top Bain office in employee satisfaction, and was recognized in 2020 and 2021 by Fortune Magazine as one of the best workplaces in Texas. 
 
 Recent Developments On February 26, 2023, Mr. Sweet, notified the Company of his decision to retire from his position as Chief Financial Officer, in which position he served as the Company s principal financial officer, effective as of August 4, 2023. 
 
 On March 2, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Yvonne McGill, who currently serves as the Company s Corporate Controller, as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, to succeed Mr. Sweet in that position and as the Company s principal financial officer, effective as of August 5, 2023. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Ms. McGill, age 56, has served as the Company s Corporate Controller since February 2020, where she has responsibility for accounting, tax, treasury, and investor relations. Previously, Ms. McGill served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Infrastructure Solutions Group, from March 2018 to February 2020, and Senior Vice President, Global Financial Planning and Analysis, from August 2015 to March 2020. Since joining Dell in 1997, Ms. McGill served in various other finance leadership roles, including heading finance for the Company s Asia-Pacific, Japan and China region. Before beginning her service with Dell, Ms. McGill worked at ManTech International Corporation, a company providing technology solutions and services to U.S. intelligence, defense and federal civilian agencies, and Price Waterhouse LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP), a firm specializing in accounting, assurance, tax, and consulting services. Ms. McGill serves on the board of directors of Applied Materials, Inc., an international materials engineering company. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects are subject to a variety of significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some of the important risk factors that may cause our actual results in future periods to differ substantially from those we currently expect or seek. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. There are additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that also may materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry 
 
 Adverse global economic conditions may harm our business and result in reduced net revenue and profitability. 
 
 As a global company with customers operating in a broad range of businesses and industries, our performance is affected by global economic conditions and the demand for technology products and services in international markets. Adverse economic conditions may negatively affect customer demand, and could result in postponed or decreased spending amid customer concerns over unemployment or slowing demand for their products, reduced asset values, volatile energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, and the stability and solvency of financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, local and state governments, and sovereign nations. Weak or unstable global economic conditions, including those attributable to international conflicts, such as the conflict in Ukraine, international trade protection measures and disputes, such as those between the United States and China, or public health issues, such as those resulting from the coronavirus disease 19 COVID-19 ), also could harm our business by contributing to product shortages or delays, supply chain disruptions, insolvency of key suppliers, customer and counterparty insolvencies, increased product costs and associated price increases, reduced global sales, and other adverse effects on our operations. Any such effects could have a negative impact on our net revenue and profitability. 
 
 Competitive pressures may adversely affect our industry unit share position, revenue, and profitability. 
 
 We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings. As a result, we face aggressive offering and price competition from both branded and generic competitors. We compete based on our ability to offer to our customers integrated solutions that provide desired features at a competitive price. Our competitors may provide offerings that are less costly, perform better, or include additional features. Further, our offering portfolios may quickly become outdated or our market share may quickly erode. Efforts to balance the mix of products and services to optimize profitability, liquidity, and growth may put pressure on our industry position. 
 
 As the technology industry continues to expand, there may be new and increased competition in different geographic regions. The generally low barriers to entry into the technology industry increase the potential for challenges from new competitors. Competition also may intensify from an increase in alternatives for mobile and cloud computing solutions. In addition, companies with which we have strategic alliances may become competitors in other product areas, or current competitors may enter into new strategic relationships with new or existing competitors, all of which may further increase competitive pressures. 
 
 Reliance on vendors for products and components, many of which are single-source or limited-source suppliers, could harm our business by adversely affecting product availability, delivery, reliability, and cost. 
 
 We maintain several single-source or limited-source supplier relationships, including relationships with third-party software providers, either because multiple sources are not readily available or because the relationships are advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. A delay in the supply of a critical single- or limited-source product or component may prevent the timely shipment of the related product in desired quantities or configurations. In addition, we may not be able to replace the functionality provided by third-party software currently offered with our products if that software becomes obsolete, defective, or incompatible with future product versions or is not adequately maintained or updated. Even where multiple sources of supply are available, qualification of the alternative suppliers and establishment of reliable supplies could result in delays and a possible loss of sales, which could harm our operating results. 
 
 We obtain many products and all of our components from third-party vendors, many of which are located outside of the United States. In addition, significant portions of our products are assembled by contract manufacturers, primarily in various locations in Asia. A significant concentration of such outsourced manufacturing is performed by only a few contract manufacturers, often in single locations. We sell components to these contract manufacturers and generate large non-trade accounts 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 receivables, an arrangement that would present a risk of uncollectibility if the financial condition of a contract manufacturer should deteriorate. 
 
 Although these relationships generate cost efficiencies, they limit our direct control over production. The increasing reliance on vendors subjects us to a greater risk of shortages and reduced control over delivery schedules of components and products, as well as a greater risk of increases in product and component costs. We experienced some of these adverse effects in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021 as a result of continued impacts of the COVID-19. 
 
 We may experience additional supply shortages and price increases caused by changes to raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, public health issues, tariffs, trade disputes and protectionist measures, natural catastrophes or the effects of climate change (such as extreme weather conditions, sea level rise, drought, flooding, and wildfires), and significant changes in the financial condition of our suppliers. Because we maintain minimal levels of component and product inventories, a disruption in component or product availability could harm our ability to satisfy customer needs. In addition, defective parts and products from these vendors could reduce product reliability and harm our reputation. 
 
 If we fail to achieve favorable pricing from vendors, our profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our profitability is affected by our ability to achieve favorable pricing from vendors and contract manufacturers, including through negotiations for vendor rebates, marketing funds, and other vendor funding received in the normal course of business. Because these supplier negotiations are continual and reflect the evolving competitive environment, the variability in timing and amount of incremental vendor discounts and rebates can affect our profitability. The vendor programs may change periodically, potentially resulting in adverse profitability trends if we cannot adjust pricing or variable costs. An inability to establish a cost and product advantage, or determine alternative means to deliver value to customers, may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 
 We may not achieve the intended benefits of our continuing strategic relationship with VMware. 
 
 On November 1, 2021, upon completion of the VMware Spin-off, the businesses of VMware were separated from our remaining businesses, and we and VMware entered into various agreements that govern our current relationship. Among those agreements, a commercial framework agreement provides a framework under which we and VMware are continuing our strategic relationship, particularly with respect to projects we and VMware believe have the potential to accelerate the growth of the industry, product, service, or platform that may provide one or both of our companies with a strategic market opportunity. We may not obtain the benefits we seek from a continuation of our strategic relationship with VMware under the commercial framework agreement and other arrangements. In addition to a potential for business disruption, the VMware Spin-off could cause our customers to delay or defer decisions to purchase products or renew contracts, or cause them to end their relationships with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 The results of operations of our business units may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully execute our strategy. 
 
 Our strategy involves enabling the digital transformation of our customers while leading in the core infrastructure markets in which we compete. Accordingly, we must continue to expand our customer base through direct sales, new distribution channels, continued development of new growth businesses, further development of relationships with resellers, and augmentation of selected business areas through targeted acquisitions and other commercial arrangements. As we reach more customers through new distribution channels and expanded reseller relationships, we may fail to effectively manage the increasingly difficult tasks of inventory management and demand forecasting. Our ability to implement this strategy depends on efficiently transitioning sales capabilities, successfully adding to the breadth of our solutions capabilities through selective acquisitions of other businesses, and effective management of the consequences of these strategic initiatives. If we are unable to meet these challenges, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We are organized into two business units consisting of ISG and CSG that are each important components of our strategy. ISG offers a portfolio of storage, server, and networking solutions and faces intense competition from existing on-premises competitors and increasing competitive pressures from Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers. Accordingly, we expect we will be required to make additional investments to combat such competitive pressures and drive future growth. Such pressures could result in the erosion of revenue and operating income and adversely affect ISG s results of operations. To address an industry trend toward hybrid-computing models, we have developed and continue to develop traditional, converged, and hyper-converged infrastructure solutions. ISG s results of operations could be adversely affected if such solutions are not adopted by our customers or potential customers, or if customers move rapidly to adopt public cloud solutions. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 CSG largely relies on sales of desktops, workstations, and notebooks. Revenue from CSG absorbs our overhead costs and allows for scaled procurement. CSG faces risk and uncertainties from fundamental changes in the personal computer market, including a decline in worldwide revenues for desktops, workstations, and notebooks, and lower shipment forecasts for these products due to a general lengthening of the replacement cycle. Any reduced demand for PC products or a significant increase in competition could cause our operating income to fluctuate and adversely impact CSG s results of operations. 
 
 Our inability to manage solutions and product and services transitions in an effective manner could reduce the demand for our solutions, products, and services, and negatively affect the profitability of our operations. 
 
 Continuing improvements in technology result in the frequent introduction of new solutions, products, and services, improvements in product performance characteristics, and short product life cycles. If we fail to effectively manage transitions to new solutions and offerings, the products and services associated with such offerings and customer demand for our solutions, products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could suffer. 
 
 We increasingly source new products and transition existing products through our contract manufacturers and manufacturing outsourcing relationships to generate cost efficiencies and better serve our customers. The success of product transitions depends on a number of factors, including the availability of sufficient quantities of components at an acceptable cost. Product transitions also present execution uncertainties and risks, including the risk that new or upgraded products may have quality problems or other defects. 
 
 Failure to deliver high-quality products, software, and services could lead to loss of customers and diminished profitability. 
 
 We must identify and address quality issues associated with our products, software, and services, many of which include third-party components. Although quality testing is performed regularly to detect quality problems and implement required solutions, failure to identify and correct significant product quality issues before the sale of such products to customers could result in lower sales, increased warranty or replacement expenses, and reduced customer confidence, which could harm our operating results. 
 
 Cyber-attacks and other security incidents that disrupt our operations or result in the breach or other compromise of proprietary or confidential information about us or our workforce, customers, or other third parties could disrupt our business, harm our reputation, cause us to lose clients and expose us to costly regulatory enforcement and litigation. 
 
 We routinely manage, store, transmit and otherwise process large amounts of proprietary information and confidential data, including sensitive and personally identifiable information, relating to our operations, products, and customers. We face numerous evolving cyber threats of significant scale, volume, severity, and complexity, making it increasingly difficult to defend against security incidents successfully or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
 
 Despite our internal controls and significant and ongoing investment in security measures, criminal or other unauthorized threat actors, including nation states or state-sponsored organizations, may be able to penetrate our security defenses, breach our information technology systems, misappropriate or compromise confidential and proprietary information of our company or our customers, cause system disruptions and shutdowns, or introduce ransomware, malware, or vulnerabilities into our products, systems, and networks or those of our customers and partners. Employees, contractors, or other insiders may introduce vulnerabilities into our environments or otherwise may seek to misappropriate our intellectual property and proprietary information. The shift to work-from-home and flexible work arrangements following the COVID-19 pandemic may increase our vulnerability, as employees and contractors of our company and third-party providers are working remotely and using home networks that may pose a significant risk to network, data, and cyber security. In addition, our business may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks and data thefts resulting from ongoing wars and geopolitical conflicts. In the past, we have experienced security incidents, including the unauthorized activity on our network attempting to extract Dell.com customer information we disclosed in November 2018. 
 
 The costs to address cyber risks, both before and after a security incident, could be significant, regardless of whether incidents result from an attack on us directly or on third-party vendors upon which we rely. Our customers, partners, and third-party vendors continue to experience security incidents of varying severity, including, but not limited to, increased ransomware attacks, network intrusions, and unauthorized data exfiltration, which have directly and indirectly impacted our operations in the past. Targeted cyber-attacks or those that may result from a security incident directed at a third-party vendor could compromise our internal systems, products, services, and offerings, and the systems of our customers, resulting in interruptions, delays, or 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 cessation of service that could disrupt business operations for us and our customers. Our proactive measures and remediation efforts may not be successful or timely. In addition, breaches of our security measures, including through the use and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, our customers, or other third parties, could impair our intellectual property rights and expose us, our customers, or such other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of such information or data. Any such incidents also could subject us to government investigations and regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, potential liability, and damage to our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business and operations. 
 
 Hardware, software, and applications that we produce or procure from third parties also may contain defects in design or manufacture or other deficiencies, including security vulnerabilities that could interfere with the operation or security of our products, services, and offerings. In the event of a security vulnerability or other flaws in third-party components or software code, we may have to rely on multiple third parties to mitigate vulnerabilities. Such mitigation techniques may be ineffective or may result in adverse performance, system instability or data loss, and may not always be available, or available on a timely basis. Any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services, or those of third-party products we sell, could lead to loss of existing or potential customers, and may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, outsourcing services, information technology solutions, and other critical functions and offerings. Failure to prevent or promptly mitigate security vulnerabilities may adversely affect our brand and reputation and subject us to government investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, litigation and potential liability resulting from our inability to fulfill our contractual obligations to our customers and partners. 
 
 As a global enterprise, we are subject to an increasing number of laws and regulations in the United States and numerous other countries relating to the collection, use, residency, transfer, and protection of data, including customer data, and other sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information. Our ability to execute transactions and to process and use personal information and other data in the conduct of our business, the operation of our products and offers, and the provision of services to our customers subjects us to increased obligations to comply with applicable laws and regulations and may require us to notify regulators, customers, employees, or other third parties of our data processing and data transfer activities, as well as provide notification and disclosure of security incidents and data or privacy breaches. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence AI technologies and our obligations to comply with emerging AI laws and regulations may require us to develop additional AI-specific governance programs. We continue to incur significant expenditures to comply with mandatory privacy, security, data protection and localization requirements imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Despite such expenditures, we may face regulatory and other legal actions, including potential liability or the inability to conduct business or sell our products or offers in a specific jurisdiction, in the event of a security incident or data or privacy breach or perceived or actual non-compliance with such regulatory requirements and controls. 
 
 Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives including acquisitions, divestitures or cost saving measures may negatively impact our future results. 
 
 We make strategic acquisitions of other companies as part of our growth strategy. We could experience unforeseen operating difficulties in integrating the businesses, technologies, services, products, personnel, or operations of acquired companies, especially if we are unable to retain the key personnel of an acquired company. Further, future acquisitions may result in a delay or reduction of sales for both us and the acquired company because of customer uncertainty about the continuity and effectiveness of solutions offered by either company and may disrupt our existing business by diverting resources and significant management attention that otherwise would be focused on development of the existing business. Acquisitions also may negatively affect our relationships with strategic partners if the acquisitions are seen as bringing us into competition with such partners. 
 
 To complete an acquisition, we may be required to use substantial amounts of cash, engage in equity or debt financings, or enter into credit agreements to secure additional funds. Such debt financings could involve restrictive covenants that might limit our capital-raising activities and operating flexibility. Further, an acquisition may negatively affect our results of operations because it may expose us to unexpected liabilities, require the incurrence of charges and substantial indebtedness or other liabilities, have adverse tax consequences, result in acquired in-process research and development expenses, or in the future require the amortization, write-down, or impairment of amounts related to deferred compensation, goodwill, and other intangible assets, or fail to generate a financial return sufficient to offset acquisition costs. 
 
 In addition, we periodically divest businesses, including businesses that are no longer a part of our strategic plan. These divestitures similarly require significant investment of time and resources, may disrupt our business and distract management from other responsibilities, and may result in losses on disposition or continued financial involvement in the divested business, 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 including through indemnification or other financial arrangements, for a period following the transaction, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We continue to focus on minimizing operating expenses through cost improvements and simplification of our corporate structure. Cost saving measures and reorganizations, such as those we announced in February 2023, and divestitures may result in workforce reduction and consolidation of facilities. As a result of these actions, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. These actions could also impact employee retention. We may experience delays or unanticipated costs in implementing our cost efficiency plans, which could prevent the timely or full achievement of expected cost efficiencies and adversely affect our competitive position. 
 
 Our ability to generate substantial non-U.S. net revenue is subject to additional risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Sales outside the United States accounted for approximately half of our consolidated net revenue for Fiscal 2023. Our future growth rates and success are substantially dependent on the continued growth of our business outside of the United States. Our international operations face many risks and uncertainties, including varied local economic and labor conditions; political instability; public health issues; changes in the U.S. and international regulatory environments; the impacts of trade protection measures, including increases in tariffs and trade barriers due to the current geopolitical climate and changes and instability in government policies and international trade arrangements, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct business in non-U.S. markets; changes in tax laws; potential theft or other compromise of our technology, data, or intellectual property; copyright levies; and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. We could incur additional operating costs, or sustain supply chain disruptions, due to any such changes. Any of these factors could negatively affect our international business results and growth prospects. 
 
 Our profitability may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services, customers, or geographic sales, and by seasonal sales trends. 
 
 Our overall profitability for any period may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services, customers, or geographic markets reflected in sales for that period, and by seasonal trends. Profit margins vary among products, services, customers, and geographic markets. For example, our services offerings generally have a higher profit margin than consumer products. In addition, parts of our business are subject to seasonal sales trends. Within ISG, our storage sales are typically stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter. Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, while our sales in EMEA are typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter. 
 
 We may lose revenue opportunities and experience gross margin pressure if sales channel participants fail to perform as expected. 
 
 We rely on value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers as sales channels to complement our direct sales organization in order to reach more end-users. Our future operating results depend on the performance of sales channel participants and on our success in maintaining and developing these relationships. Our revenue and gross margins could be negatively affected if the financial condition or operations of channel participants weaken as a result of adverse economic conditions or other business challenges, or if uncertainty regarding the demand for our products causes channel participants to reduce their orders for these products. Further, some channel participants may consider the expansion of our direct sales initiatives to conflict with their business interests as distributors or resellers of our products, which could lead them to reduce their investment in the distribution and sale of such products, or to cease all sales of our products. 
 
 Our financial performance could suffer from reduced access to the capital markets by us or some of our customers. 
 
 We may access debt and capital sources to provide financing for customers and to obtain funds for general corporate purposes, including working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures, and funding of customer receivables. In addition, we maintain customer financing relationships with some companies that rely on access to the debt and capital markets to meet significant funding needs. Any inability of these companies to access such markets could compel us to self-fund transactions with such companies or to forgo customer financing opportunities, which could harm our financial performance. The debt and capital markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption from time to time, which could result in higher credit spreads in such markets and higher funding costs for us. Deterioration in our business performance, a credit rating downgrade, volatility in the securitization markets, changes in financial services regulation, or adverse changes in the economy could lead to reductions in the availability of debt financing. In addition, these events could limit our ability to continue asset securitizations or other forms of financing from debt or capital sources, reduce the amount of financing receivables that we originate, or negatively 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 affect the costs or terms on which we may be able to obtain capital. Any of these developments could adversely affect our net revenue, profitability, and cash flows. 
 
 If the value of our goodwill or intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, our goodwill and intangible assets, net had a combined carrying value of 26.1 billion, representing approximately 29 of our total consolidated assets. We periodically evaluate goodwill and intangible assets, net to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case an impairment charge may be necessary. The value of goodwill may be materially and adversely affected if businesses that we acquire perform in a manner that is inconsistent with our assumptions at the time of acquisition. In addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and intangible assets, net. Any future evaluations resulting in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, net could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in the period in which the impairment is recognized. 
 
 Weak economic conditions and additional regulation could harm our financial services activities. 
 
 Our financial services activities primarily through DFS can be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions that contribute to loan delinquencies and defaults. An increase in loan delinquencies and defaults would result in greater net credit losses, which may require us to increase our reserves for customer receivables. 
 
 In addition, the implementation of new financial services regulation, or the application of existing financial services regulation, in countries where we conduct our financial services and related supporting activities, could unfavorably affect the profitability and cash flows of our consumer financing activities. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty default risks. 
 
 We have numerous arrangements with financial institutions that include cash and investment deposits, interest rate swap contracts, foreign currency option contracts, and forward contracts. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these arrangements will default, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the terms of the arrangement. In times of market distress, a counterparty may default rapidly and without notice, and we may be unable to take action to cover its exposure, either because of lack of contractual ability to do so or because market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. If one of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability eventually to recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty s default may be limited by the impaired liquidity of the counterparty or the applicable legal regime governing the bankruptcy proceeding. In the event of such a default, we could incur significant losses, which could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our performance and business could suffer if our contracts for ISG services and solutions fail to produce revenue at expected levels due to exercise of customer rights under the contracts, inaccurate estimation of costs, or customer defaults in payment. 
 
 We offer our ISG customers a range of consumption models for our services and solutions, including as-a-Service, utility, leases, or immediate pay models, designed to match customers consumption preferences. These solutions generally are multiyear agreements that typically result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. Our financial results and growth depend, in part, on customers continuing to purchase our services and solutions over the contract life on the agreed terms. The contracts allow customers to take actions that may adversely affect our recurring revenue and profitability. These actions include terminating a contract if our performance does not meet specified services levels, requesting rate reductions, reducing the use of our services and solutions or terminating a contract early upon payment of agreed fees. In addition, we estimate the costs of delivering the services and solutions at the outset of the contract. If we fail to estimate such costs accurately and actual costs significantly exceed estimates, we may incur losses on the contracts. We also are subject to the risk of loss under the contracts as a result of a default, voluntarily or involuntarily, in payment by the customer, whether because of financial weakness or other reasons. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Loss of government contracts could harm our business. 
 
 Contracts with U.S. federal, state, and local governments and with foreign governments are subject to future funding that may affect the extension or termination of programs and to the right of such governments to terminate contracts for convenience or non-appropriation. There is pressure on governments, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Funding reductions or delays could adversely affect public sector demand for our products and services. In addition, if we violate legal or regulatory requirements, the applicable government could suspend or disbar us as a contractor, which would unfavorably affect our net revenue and profitability. 
 
 Our business could suffer if we do not develop and protect our proprietary intellectual property or obtain or protect licenses to intellectual property developed by others on commercially reasonable and competitive terms. 
 
 If we or our suppliers are unable to develop or protect desirable technology or technology licenses, we may be prevented from marketing products, may have to market products without desirable features, or may incur substantial costs to redesign products. We also may have to defend or enforce legal actions or pay damages if we are found to have violated the intellectual property of other parties. Although our suppliers might be contractually obligated to obtain or protect such licenses and indemnify us against related expenses, those suppliers could be unable to meet their obligations. We invest in research and development and obtain additional intellectual property through acquisitions, but those activities do not guarantee that we will develop or obtain intellectual property necessary for profitable operations. Costs involved in developing and protecting rights in intellectual property may have a negative impact on our business. In addition, our operating costs could increase because of copyright levies or similar fees by rights holders and collection agencies in European and other countries. 
 
 Infrastructure disruptions could harm our business. 
 
 We depend on our information technology and manufacturing infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. Natural disasters, manufacturing failures, telecommunications system failures, or defective or improperly installed new or upgraded business management systems could lead to disruptions in this infrastructure. Portions of our IT infrastructure, including those provided by third parties, also may experience interruptions, delays, or cessations of service, or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work. Such disruptions may adversely affect our ability to receive or process orders, manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, or otherwise conduct business in the normal course. Further, portions of our business involve the processing, storage, and transmission of data, which also would be negatively affected by such an event. Disruptions in our infrastructure could lead to loss of customers and revenue, particularly during a period of heavy demand for our products and services. We also could incur significant expense in repairing system damage and taking other remedial measures. 
 
 Failure to hedge effectively our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We utilize derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Some of these instruments and contracts may involve elements of market and credit risk in excess of the amounts recognized in our financial statements. Global economic events, including trade disputes, economic sanctions and emerging market volatility, and associated uncertainty could cause currencies to fluctuate, which may contribute to variations in our sales of products and services in various jurisdictions. If we are not successful in monitoring our foreign exchange exposures and conducting an effective hedging program, our foreign currency hedging activities may not offset the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes, the expiration of tax holidays or favorable tax rate structures, or unfavorable outcomes in tax audits and other tax compliance matters could result in an increase in our tax expense or our effective income tax rate. 
 
 Changes in tax laws could adversely affect our operations and profitability. In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial, and administrative changes have been made to tax laws applicable to us and similar companies. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ), an international association of 38 countries, including the United States, has issued guidelines that change long-standing tax principles. The OECD guidelines may introduce tax uncertainty as countries amend their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the guidelines. Additional changes to tax laws are likely to occur, and such changes may adversely affect our tax liability. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays that expire in whole or in part from time to time. Many of these holidays may be extended when certain conditions are met, or may be terminated if certain conditions are not met or as a result of changes in tax legislation. If the tax holidays are not extended, if tax legislation changes, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced tax rate, our effective tax rate would be affected. Our effective tax rate also could be impacted if our geographic distribution of earnings changes. In addition, any actions by us to repatriate non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes may affect the effective tax rate. 
 
 We are continually under audit in various tax jurisdictions. We may not be successful in resolving potential tax claims that arise from these audits. A final determination of tax audits or disputes may differ from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions or benefits and accruals. An unfavorable outcome in certain of these matters could result in a substantial increase in our tax expense. In addition, our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets. 
 
 Our profitability could suffer from declines in fair value or impairment of our portfolio investments. 
 
 We invest a significant portion of available funds in a portfolio consisting of both equity and debt securities of various types and maturities pending the deployment of these funds in our business. Our equity investments consist of strategic investments in both marketable and non-marketable securities. Investments in marketable securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. We have elected to apply the measurement alternative for non-marketable securities. Under the alternative, we measure investments without readily determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes. Our debt securities generally are classified as held to maturity and are recorded in our financial statements at amortized cost. Our earnings performance could suffer from declines in fair value or impairment of our investments. 
 
 Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could harm our business and result in substantial costs. 
 
 We are involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Additional legal claims or regulatory matters affecting us and our subsidiaries may arise in the future and could involve stockholder, consumer, regulatory, compliance, intellectual property, antitrust, tax, and other issues on a global basis. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. Regardless of the merits of a claim, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our business. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect our operating results or cash flows in a particular period. Even if we are not named a party to a particular suit, we may be subject to indemnification obligations to the named parties that could subject us to liability for damages or other amounts payable as a result of such judgments or settlements. In addition, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected if any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions. 
 
 Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on our business. 
 
 Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers, and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance ESG considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity and inclusion. We make statements about our environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives through our SEC filings, our annual ESG report, our other non-financial reports, information provided on our website, press statements and other communications. Responding to these ESG considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside our control. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our announced ESG goals and initiatives. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state, or international ESG laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Compliance requirements of current or future environmental and safety laws, human rights laws, or other laws may increase costs, expose us to potential liability and otherwise harm our business. 
 
 Our operations are subject to environmental and safety regulations in all areas in which we conduct business. Product design and procurement operations must comply with new and future requirements relating to climate change laws and regulations, 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 materials composition, sourcing, energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation, and disposal of electronics products, including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion, and other substances. If we fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations regarding the transportation, source, use, and sale of such regulated substances, we could be subject to liability. The costs and timing of costs under environmental and safety laws are difficult to predict, but could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 In addition, we and our subsidiaries are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and are also subject to export controls, customs, economic sanctions laws, including those currently imposed on Russia, and embargoes imposed by the U.S. government. Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws or export control, customs, or economic sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, and we and our subsidiaries may be subject to other liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to various human rights laws, including provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. We incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. Further, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the minerals used in our products. 
 
 Natural disasters, terrorism, armed hostilities, or public health issues could harm our business. 
 
 Natural disasters, terrorism or armed hostilities, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, or public health issues, such as those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, whether in the United States or in other countries, could cause damage or disruption to us or our suppliers and customers, or could create political or economic instability, any of which impacts could harm our business. Any such events could cause a decrease in demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible to deliver products or for suppliers to deliver components, and create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and, at times, increased unemployment levels. In addition, the pandemic resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of various lockdown orders and sheltering in place requirements around the world. The effects of COVID-19 adversely impacted aspects of our business over the last three fiscal years. The full impact of COVID-19 or any other widespread public health issue on our financial condition and results of operations will depend on the duration and scope of an outbreak (including the emergence or re-emergence of variants and their transmissibility, and the success of vaccination programs and treatments), its impact on our consumers and our partners, how quickly normal economic conditions, operations, and the demand for our services and products can resume, and any permanent behavioral changes which the pandemic or other public health issue may cause. These conditions and impacts are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 Global climate change, and legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business, operations, and financial results. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and on the IT industry in particular. The physical risks associated with climate change include the adverse effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Extreme weather and natural disasters within or outside the United States could make it more difficult and costly for us to manufacture and deliver our products to our customers, obtain production materials from our suppliers, or perform other critical corporate functions. For example, tornadoes in Tennessee, wildfires in California, and typhoons in the Philippines disrupted our operations in those areas in recent periods. 
 
 The increasing concern over climate change could also result in transition risks such as shifting customer preferences or regulatory changes. Changing customer preferences may result in increased demands regarding our solutions, products, and services, including the use of packaging materials and other components in our products and their environmental impact on sustainability. These demands may cause us to incur additional costs or make other changes to other operations to respond to such demands, which could adversely affect our financial results. If we fail to manage transition risks, including such demands, 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 in an effective manner, customer demand for our solutions, products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could suffer. 
 
 The increasing concern over climate change could result in new domestic or international legal requirements for us to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts of our operations, improve our energy efficiency, or undertake sustainability measures that exceed those we currently pursue. Any such regulatory requirements could cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products and result in increased procurement, production, and distribution costs. Our reputation and brand could be harmed if we fail, or are seen as having failed, to respond responsibly and effectively to changes in legal and regulatory measures adopted to address climate change. 
 
 We are highly dependent on the services of Michael S. Dell, our Chief Executive Officer, and our loss of, or our inability to continue to attract, retain, and motivate, executive talent and other employees in this highly competitive market could harm our business. 
 
 We are highly dependent on the services of Michael S. Dell, our founder, Chief Executive Officer, and largest stockholder. Further, we rely on key personnel, including other members of our executive leadership team, to support our business and increasingly complex product and services offerings. Our experienced executives are supported by employees in our U.S. and international operations who are highly skilled in product development, manufacturing, sales, and other functions critical to our future growth and profitability. If we lose the services of Mr. Dell or other key personnel, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit replacements, which could severely disrupt our business and growth. We face intensive competition, both within and outside of our industry, in retaining and hiring individuals with the requisite expertise. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to continue to attract, retain, and motivate suitably qualified individuals at acceptable compensation levels who have the managerial, operational, and technical knowledge and experience to meet our needs. Any failure by us to do so could adversely affect our competitive position and results of operations. 
 
 We have outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 29.6 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness. As of the same date, we and our subsidiaries also had an additional 6.0 billion available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility and 5.0 billion of availability under our commercial paper program. Although continued debt paydown is part of our overall capital allocation strategy, a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is used to make interest and other debt service payments, which reduces funds available to us for other purposes such as working capital, capital expenditures, other general corporate purposes, and potential acquisitions. Our indebtedness could also reduce our flexibility in responding to current and changing industry and financial market conditions. We may be able to incur significant additional secured and unsecured indebtedness under the terms of our existing debt, which generally do not restrict our ability to incur additional unsecured debt and contain significant exceptions to the covenant restricting our ability to incur additional secured debt. 
 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class C Common Stock 
 Our multi-class common stock structure with different voting rights may adversely affect the trading price of the Class C Common Stock. 
 
 Each share of our Class A Common Stock and each share of our Class B Common Stock has ten votes, while each share of our Class C Common Stock has one vote. Because of these disparate voting rights, Michael Dell and the Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust (the MD stockholders and certain investment funds affiliated with Silver Lake Partners (the SLP stockholders collectively held common stock representing approximately 95.2 of the total voting power of our outstanding common stock as of February 3, 2023. The limited ability of holders of the Class C Common Stock to influence matters requiring stockholder approval may adversely affect the market price of the Class C Common Stock. 
 
 In addition, in recent years, FTSE Russell and S P Dow Jones changed their eligibility criteria to exclude new companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to certain stock indices. FTSE Russell instituted a requirement that new and, beginning in September 2022, existing constituents of its indices have greater than 5 of their voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, as calculated by FTSE Russell, whereas S P Dow Jones announced that companies with multiple 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 share classes, such as Dell Technologies, will not be eligible for inclusion in the S P 500, S P MidCap 400, and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Other major stock indices might adopt similar requirements in the future. FTSE Russell s determination may change at any time. Under the current criteria, at a minimum, our multi-class capital structure makes our Class C Common Stock ineligible for inclusion in specified S P Dow Jones indices, including those making up the S P Composite 1500, and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that track these indices will not invest in the Class C Common Stock. It is unclear what effect, if any, exclusion from any indices has on the valuations of the affected publicly-traded companies. It is possible that such policies may depress the valuations of public companies excluded from such indices compared to valuations of companies that are included. 
 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of a substantial amount of shares of the Class C Common Stock could depress the trading price of the Class C Common Stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Class C Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of the Class C Common Stock, which could make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares of Class C Common Stock at a time and price that they consider appropriate. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also could impair our ability to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price we deem appropriate, and our ability to use Class C Common Stock as consideration for acquisitions of other businesses, investments, or other corporate purposes. As of February 3, 2023, we had a total of approximately 242 million shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, the 378,224,977 outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock held by the MD stockholders and the 95,350,227 outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock held by the SLP stockholders are convertible into shares of Class C Common Stock at any time on a one-to-one basis. Such shares, upon any conversion into shares of Class C Common Stock, will be eligible for resale in the public market pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), subject to compliance with conditions of Rule 144. 
 
 We have entered into a registration rights agreement with holders of 378,224,977 outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (which are convertible into the same number of shares of Class C Common Stock), holders of all of the 95,350,227 outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (which are convertible into the same number of shares of Class C Common Stock), and holders of approximately 6,000,000 outstanding shares of Class C Common Stock, pursuant to which we granted such holders and their permitted transferees shelf, demand and/or piggyback registration rights with respect to such shares. Registration of those shares under the Securities Act would permit such holders to sell the shares into the public market. 
 
 Further, as of February 3, 2023, 52,112,831 shares of Class C Common Stock that were issuable upon the exercise, vesting, or settlement of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, or deferred stock units under our stock incentive plan, all of which would have been, upon issuance, eligible for sale in the public market, subject where applicable to compliance with Rule 144, and an additional 28,075,072 shares of Class C Common Stock were authorized and reserved for issuance pursuant to potential future awards under the stock incentive plan. We also may issue additional stock options in the future that may be exercised for additional shares of Class C Common Stock and additional restricted stock units or deferred stock units that may vest. We expect that all shares of Class C Common Stock issuable with respect to such awards will be registered under one or more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and available for sale in the open market. 
 
 We are controlled by the MD stockholders, who, together with the SLP stockholders, collectively own a substantial majority of our common stock and are able to effectively control our actions, including approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. 
 
 By reason of their ownership of Class A Common Stock possessing a majority of the aggregate votes entitled to be cast by holders of all outstanding shares of our common stock voting together as a single class, the MD stockholders have the ability to approve any matter submitted to the vote of all of the outstanding shares of the common stock voting together as a single class. Through their control, the MD stockholders are able to control our actions, including actions related to the election of our directors and directors of our subsidiaries, amendments to our organizational documents, and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including mergers and sales of substantially all of our assets that our stockholders may deem advantageous. For example, although our bylaws provide that the number of directors will be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors, our stockholders may adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law. Through their control, the MD stockholders therefore may amend our bylaws to change the number of directors (within the limits of the certificate of incorporation), notwithstanding any determination by the Board of Directors regarding board size. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Further, as of February 3, 2023, the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders collectively beneficially owned 67.0 of our outstanding common stock. This concentration of ownership together with the disparate voting rights of our common stock may delay or deter possible changes in control of Dell Technologies, which may reduce the value of an investment in the Class C Common Stock. So long as the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders continue to own common stock representing a significant amount of the combined voting power of our outstanding common stock, even if such amount is, individually or in the aggregate, less than 50 , such stockholders will continue to be able to strongly influence our decisions. 
 
 In addition, the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders, respectively, have the right to nominate a number of individuals for election as Group I Directors (who constitute all but one of our directors), which is equal to the percentage of the total voting power for the regular election of directors beneficially owned by the MD stockholders or by the SLP stockholders multiplied by the number of directors then on the Board of Directors who are not members of the audit committee, rounded up to the nearest whole number. Further, so long as the MD stockholders or the SLP stockholders each beneficially own at least 5 of all outstanding shares of the common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, each of the MD stockholders or the SLP stockholders, as applicable, are entitled to nominate at least one individual for election as a Group I Director. 
 
 The MD stockholders, the MSD Partners stockholders, and the SLP stockholders and their respective affiliates may have interests that conflict with the interests of other stockholders or those of Dell Technologies. 
 
 In the ordinary course of their business activities, the MD stockholders, certain investment funds affiliated with an investment firm formed by principals of the firm that manages the capital of Michael Dell and his family (the MSD Partners stockholders ), and the SLP stockholders and their respective affiliates may engage in activities in which their interests conflict with our interests or those of other stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of the MD stockholders, the MSD Partners stockholders, the SLP stockholders, nor any of their respective affiliates or any director or officer of the Company who is also a director, officer, employee, managing director, or other affiliate (other than Michael Dell) have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. The MD stockholders, the MSD Partners stockholders, and the SLP stockholders also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, such stockholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance the value of their investment in Dell Technologies, even though such transactions might involve risks to other stockholders. 
 
 Because we are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements, holders of Class C Common Stock do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE because the MD stockholders hold common stock representing more than 50 of the voting power in the election of directors. As a controlled company, we may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements under NYSE rules, including the requirements that we have a board composed of a majority of independent directors, as defined under NYSE rules, and that we have a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate governance committee each composed entirely of independent directors. Although we currently maintain a board composed of a majority of independent directors, we currently utilize the exemptions relating to committee composition and expect to continue to utilize those exemptions. As a result, none of the committees of the Board of Directors, other than the audit committee, consists entirely of independent directors. Further, we may decide in the future to change our board membership so that the board is not composed of a majority of independent directors. Accordingly, holders of Class C Common Stock do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE s corporate governance requirements. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates a state court of the State of Delaware and the U.S. federal district courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of legal actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit the ability of the holders of Class C Common Stock to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or with our directors, officers, or controlling stockholders. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions requiring an exclusive forum for specified types of legal actions and proceedings. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Under our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) for: 
 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer or stockholder of Dell Technologies to us or our stockholders; 
 
 any action asserting a claim against Dell Technologies or any director or officer or stockholder of Dell Technologies arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or 
 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or stockholder of Dell Technologies governed by our internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 The foregoing Delaware exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules or regulations thereunder, or any other claim over which the federal district courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 In addition to the Delaware exclusive forum provision, our certification of incorporation contains a provision stating that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 These provisions of our certificate of incorporation could limit the ability of the holders of the Class C Common Stock to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or with our directors, officers, or controlling stockholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may not continue to pay dividends or to pay dividends at the same rate as announced in March 2023. 
 
 Our payment of dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay dividends, is solely at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Further, dividend payments, if any, are subject to our financial results and the availability of statutory surplus to pay dividends. These factors could result in a change to our current dividend policy. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 
 Our principal executive offices and global headquarters are located at One Dell Way, Round Rock, Texas. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, as shown in the following table, we owned or leased 21.3 million square feet of office, manufacturing, and warehouse space worldwide: 
 Owned Leased (in millions) U.S. facilities 8.1 1.5 International facilities 4.4 7.3 Total (a) 12.5 8.8 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Includes 3.5 million square feet of subleased or vacant space. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, our facilities consisted of business centers, which include facilities that contain operations for sales, technical support, administrative, and support functions; manufacturing operations; and research and development centers. For additional information about our facilities, including the location of certain facilities, see Item 1 Business Manufacturing and Materials. 
 
 Because of the interrelation of the products and services offered in each of our segments, we generally do not designate our properties to any segment. With limited exceptions, each property is used at least in part by both of our segments, and we retain the flexibility to make future use of each of the properties available to each segment. 
 
 We believe that our existing properties are suitable and adequate for our current needs. We will continue to assess our facilities requirements as part of normal business operations. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information required by this Item 3 is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the caption Legal Matters in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market for Class C Common Stock 
 
 Our Class C Common Stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DELL. The Class C Common Stock began trading on the NYSE on December 28, 2018. 
 
 There is no public market for our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. No shares of our Class D Common Stock were outstanding as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 27, 2023, there were 3,982 holders of record of our Class C Common Stock, six holders of record of our Class A Common Stock, and six holders of record of our Class B Common Stock. The number of record holders does not include individuals or entities that beneficially own shares of any class of our common stock, but whose shares are held of record by a broker, bank, or other nominee. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy providing for our payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock at a rate of 0.33 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. During Fiscal 2023, the Company paid the following dividends: 
 
 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount 
 (in millions) 
 February 24, 2022 April 20, 2022 April 29, 2022 0.33 248 June 7, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 29, 2022 0.33 242 September 6, 2022 October 19, 2022 October 28, 2022 0.33 238 December 6, 2022 January 25, 2023 February 3, 2023 0.33 236 
 
 On March 2, 2023, we announced that the Board of Directors approved a 12 increase in the quarterly dividend rate to a rate of 0.37 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2024. 
 
 The dividend policy and the declaration and payment of each quarterly cash dividend will be subject to the continuing determination by the Board of Directors that the policy and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our stockholders and are in compliance with applicable law. The Board of Directors retains the power to modify, suspend, or cancel the dividend policy in any manner and at any time that it may deem necessary or appropriate. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to our purchases of Class C Common Stock during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (in millions, except per share amounts) Repurchases from October 29, 2022 to November 25, 2022 2.0 40.18 2.0 1,562 Repurchases from November 26, 2022 to December 30, 2022 1.0 41.70 1.0 1,521 Repurchases from December 31, 2022 to February 3, 2023 0.7 40.79 0.7 1,493 Total 3.7 3.7 
 
 Effective as of September 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved our current stock repurchase program with no established expiration date under which we may repurchase from time to time, through open market purchases, block trades, or accelerated or other structured share purchases, up to 5 billion of shares of Class C Common Stock, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses related to such repurchases. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 Class C Common Stock 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on the Company s Class C Common Stock for the period from December 28, 2018, the date on which the Class C Common Stock began trading on the NYSE, through February 3, 2023, with the total return over the same period on the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 28, 2018 in the Class C Common Stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. The comparisons in the graph are based on historical data. 
 
 Effective for this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company elected to change the comparative industry peer group to include the S P 500 Information Technology Index. The Company believes that the S P 500 Information Technology Index provides a more meaningful and representative comparison to the performance of the Class C Common Stock. 

December 28, 2018 February 1, 2019 January 31, 2020 January 29, 2021 January 28, 2022 February 3, 2023 Class C Common Stock 100.00 109.29 107.35 160.44 244.72 189.76 S P 500 Index 100.00 109.06 132.57 155.44 188.08 178.39 S P 500 Information Technology Index 100.00 108.63 157.71 216.26 266.26 240.39 S P 500 Systems Software Index 100.00 104.13 164.89 226.05 300.81 258.99 
 The preceding stock performance graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by means of any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that Dell Technologies specifically incorporates such information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts. 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 items and presents year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 results. Discussion of Fiscal 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 results that are not included in this Form 10-K are presented in Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, as filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on our Investor Relations website at investors.delltechnologies.com. 
 
 In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs, and that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all results presented are prepared in a manner that complies, in all material respects, with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). Unless otherwise indicated, all changes identified for the current-period results represent comparisons to results for the prior corresponding fiscal period. 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this report to we, us, our, the Company, and Dell Technologies mean Dell Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, references to Dell mean Dell Inc. and Dell Inc. s consolidated subsidiaries, and references to EMC mean EMC Corporation and EMC Corporation s consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 On November 1, 2021, the Company completed its spin-off of VMware, Inc. (individually and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, VMware ). In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of VMware, excluding Dell's resale of VMware offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods prior to the spin-off. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31. We refer to our fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 as Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Fiscal 2023 included 53 weeks, while Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 each included 52 weeks. 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Dell Technologies helps organizations build their digital futures and individuals transform how they work, live, and play. We provide customers with one of the industry s broadest and most innovative solutions portfolio for the data era, including traditional infrastructure and extending to multi-cloud environments. Our differentiated and holistic IT solutions benefit our results and enable us to capture revenue growth as customer spending priorities evolve. 
 
 Dell Technologies integrated solutions help customers modernize their IT infrastructure, manage and operate in a multicloud world, address workforce transformation, and provide critical solutions that keep people and organizations connected. We are helping customers accelerate their digital transformations to improve and strengthen business and workforce productivity. With our extensive portfolio and our commitment to innovation, we offer secure, integrated solutions that extend from the edge to the core to the cloud, and we are at the forefront of software-defined and cloud native infrastructure solutions. 
 
 Dell Technologies operates globally in approximately 180 countries, supported by a world-class organization across key functional areas, including technology and product development, marketing, sales, financial services, and services. We have a number of durable competitive advantages that provide a critical foundation for our success. Our go-to-market engine includes a 31,000-person direct sales force and a global network of approximately 240,000 channel partners. We employ approximately 35,000 full-time service and support professionals and maintain approximately 2,200 vendor-managed service centers. We also 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 manage a world-class supply chain at significant scale with approximately 77 billion in annual procurement expenditures and over 725 parts distribution centers. 
 
 We further strengthen customer relationships through our financing offerings provided by Dell Financial Services and its affiliates DFS and our flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models, which we continue to expand under Dell APEX. These offerings enable our customers to pay over time and provide them with financial flexibility to meet their changing technological requirements. 
 
 Our Vision and Strategy 
 
 Our vision is to become the most essential technology company for the data era. We help customers address their evolving IT needs and their broader digital transformation objectives as they embrace today s multicloud world. We intend to execute our vision by focusing on two strategic priorities: 
 
 Grow and modernize our core offerings in the markets in which we predominantly compete 
 
 Pursue attractive new growth opportunities such as Edge, Telecom, data management, and as-a-Service consumption models 
 
 We believe we are uniquely positioned in the data and multicloud era and that our results will continue to benefit from our durable competitive advantages. We intend to continue to execute our business model and position our company for long-term success while balancing liquidity, profitability, and growth and keeping our purpose at the forefront of our decision-making: to create technologies that drive human progress. 
 
 The IT industry is rapidly evolving with demand for simpler, more agile solutions as companies leverage multiple clouds across their increasingly complex IT environments. To meet our customer needs, we continue to invest in research and development, sales, and other key areas of our business to deliver superior products and solutions capabilities and to drive long-term sustainable growth. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 We design, develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a wide range of comprehensive and integrated solutions, products, and services. We are organized into two business units, referred to as Infrastructure Solutions Group and Client Solutions Group, which are our reportable segments. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions Group ISG ISG enables our customers digital transformation with solutions that address the fundamental shift to multicloud environments, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data analytics. ISG helps customers simplify, streamline, and automate cloud operations. ISG solutions are built for multicloud environments and are optimized to run cloud native workloads in both public and private clouds, as well as traditional on-premise workloads. 
 
 Our comprehensive storage portfolio includes traditional as well as next-generation storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, scale-out file, object platforms, hyper-converged infrastructure, and software-defined storage. We have simplified our storage portfolio and continue to make enhancements to our storage offerings that we expect will drive long-term improvements in the business. 
 
 Our server portfolio includes high-performance rack, blade, and tower servers. Our servers are designed with the capability to run high value workloads across customers IT environments, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and edge workloads. Our networking portfolio helps our business customers transform and modernize their infrastructure, mobilize and enrich end-user experiences, and accelerate business applications and processes. 
 
 Our strengths in server, storage, and virtualization software solutions allow us to offer leading converged and hyper-converged solutions, enabling our customers to accelerate their IT transformation with scalable integrated solutions instead of building and assembling their own IT platforms. ISG also offers software, peripherals and services, including configuration, and support and deployment. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Approximately half of ISG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion derived from sales to customers in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region EMEA and the Asia-Pacific and Japan region APJ ). 
 
 Client Solutions Group CSG CSG includes branded PCs including notebooks, desktops, and workstations and branded peripherals including displays and docking stations, as well as third-party software and peripherals. CSG also includes services offerings, including support and deployment, configuration, and extended warranties. Our CSG offerings are designed with our customers needs in mind and we seek to optimize performance, reliability, manageability, design, and security. 
 
 Our commercial portfolio provides our customers with solutions centered around flexibility to address their complex needs such as IT modernization, hybrid work transformation, and other critical needs. Within our high-end consumer offerings, we provide our customers with powerful performance, processing, and end-user experiences. 
 
 Approximately half of CSG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion derived from sales to customers in EMEA and APJ. 
 
 Our other businesses, described below, primarily consists of our resale of standalone offerings of VMware, Inc. (individually and together with its subsidiaries, VMware ), referred to as VMware Resale, and offerings of SecureWorks Corp. Secureworks ). These businesses are not classified as reportable segments, either individually or collectively. 
 
 VMware Resale consists of our sale of standalone VMware offerings. Under our Commercial Framework Agreement with VMware discussed in this report, Dell Technologies continues to act as a key channel partner for VMware, reselling VMware s offerings to our customers. This partnership is intended to facilitate mutually beneficial growth for both Dell Technologies and VMware. 
 
 VMware works with customers in the areas of hybrid and multicloud, modern applications, networking, security, and digital workspaces, helping customers manage their IT resources across private clouds and complex multicloud, multi-device environments. 
 
 Secureworks (NASDAQ: SCWX) is a leading global cybersecurity provider of technology-driven security solutions singularly focused on protecting its customers by outpacing and outmaneuvering the adversary. The solutions offered by Secureworks enable organizations of varying size and complexity to prevent security breaches, detect malicious activity, respond rapidly when a security breach occurs, and identify emerging threats. 
 
 Our offerings are continually evolving in response to customer needs. As a result, reclassifications of certain products and services solutions in major product categories may be required. For further discussion regarding our current reportable segments, see Results of Operations Business Unit Results and Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 Dell Financial Services 
 
 DFS supports our businesses by offering and arranging various financing options and services for our customers globally. DFS originates, collects, and services customer receivables primarily related to the purchase or use of our product, software, and services solutions. We also arrange financing for some of our customers in various countries where DFS does not currently operate as a captive entity. We further strengthen customer relationships through flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models, which enable us to offer our customers the option to pay over time to provide them with financial flexibility to meet their changing technological requirements. DFS funded 9.7 billion of originations in Fiscal 2023 and maintains an 11 billion global portfolio of high-quality financing receivables. The results of these operations are allocated to our segments based on the underlying product or service financed and may be impacted by, among other items, changes in the interest rate environment and the translation of those changes to pricing. For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Product Backlog 
 
 Product backlog represents the value of unfulfilled manufacturing orders and is included as a component of remaining performance obligations to the extent we determine that the manufacturing orders are non-cancelable. Our business model generally gives us the ability to optimize product backlog at any point in time, such as by expediting shipping or prioritizing customer orders for products that have shorter lead times. 
 
 Recent Transactions 
 
 Spin-Off of VMware, Inc. On November 1, 2021, we completed our spin-off of VMware by means of a special stock dividend (the VMware Spin-off ). The VMware Spin-off was effectuated pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, between Dell Technologies and VMware. As part of the transaction, VMware paid a special cash dividend, pro rata, to each holder of VMware common stock in an aggregate amount equal to 11.5 billion, of which Dell Technologies received 9.3 billion. 
 
 In connection with and upon completion of the VMware Spin-off, we entered into a Commercial Framework Agreement (the CFA with VMware, which provides the framework under which we and VMware continue our commercial relationship. Pursuant to the CFA, we continue to act as a distributor of VMware s standalone products and services and purchase such products and services for resale to customers. We also continue to integrate VMware s products and services with Dell Technologies offerings and sell them to customers. The results of such operations are presented as continuing operations within our Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. 
 
 The results of VMware, excluding Dell's resale of VMware offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about the VMware Spin-off. 
 
 Boomi Divestiture On October 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Boomi, Inc. Boomi and certain related assets for a total cash consideration of approximately 4.0 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on sale of 4.0 billion. The Company ultimately recorded a 3.0 billion gain, net of 1.0 billion in tax expense. 
 
 RSA Divestiture On September 1, 2020, we completed the sale of RSA Security LLC RSA Security for total cash consideration of approximately 2.1 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on sale of 338 million. The Company ultimately recorded a 21 million loss net of taxes. 
 
 Prior to the divestitures, the operating results of Boomi and RSA Security were included within other businesses and did not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations. 
 
 Relationship with VMware 
 
 VMware is considered to be a related party of the Company as a result of Michael Dell s ownership interests in both Dell Technologies and VMware and Mr. Dell s continued service as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dell Technologies and as Chairman of the Board of VMware, Inc. Following the completion of the VMware Spin-off, the majority of transactions that occur between Dell Technologies and VMware consist of Dell Technologies purchase of VMware products and services for resale, either on a standalone basis or as a part of integrated offerings. For more information regarding related party transactions with VMware, see Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic Investments and Acquisitions 
 
 As part of our strategy, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic investments through our venture capital investment arm, Dell Technologies Capital, with a focus on emerging technology areas that are relevant to our business and that will complement our existing portfolio of solutions. Our investment areas include storage, software-defined networking, management and orchestration, security, machine learning and artificial intelligence, Big Data and analytics, cloud, edge computing, and software development operations. The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never have commercial value, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in the companies. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, we recognized a net loss of 206 million on our strategic investments, which was generally in line with overall public equity market declines. As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, we held strategic investments in non-marketable securities of 1.3 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information. 
 
 In addition to these investments, we also may make disciplined acquisitions targeting businesses that advance our strategic objectives and accelerate our innovation agenda. 
 
 Business Trends and Challenges 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Significant Developments During Fiscal 2023, we continued to execute against our strategy and performed well in a challenging macroeconomic environment, generating net revenue and operating income growth. We benefited from our holistic offerings across IT infrastructure as customer spending priorities changed and we saw a shift in the mix of our net revenue towards ISG. 
 
 As the fiscal year progressed, we experienced rapidly evolving macroeconomic conditions which impacted the overall demand environment, the availability and cost of components and logistics, and the foreign currency environment. In response to these conditions, we took certain measures intended to mitigate impacts to our operations, profitability, and liquidity while continuing to proactively address our customers demands. Such measures included disciplined pricing as well as, beginning in the second fiscal quarter, actions to decrease operating expenses, including limiting both discretionary spending and, as announced on February 6, 2023, a decision to reduce our workforce by approximately 5 to align our investments more closely with our previously discussed strategic and customer priorities. 
 
 The change in the macroeconomic environment had the greatest effect on CSG, which was impacted by industry-wide demand declines beginning in the first half of Fiscal 2023 that worsened throughout the remainder of the year. Such dynamics impacted CSG net revenue growth when compared to Fiscal 2022, during which we experienced continued strong demand as a result of global economic recovery. Within ISG, demand for our server offerings began to moderate in the second quarter of Fiscal 2023, with a decline beginning in the third fiscal quarter as customers exercised caution in response to the macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 The impact of the macroeconomic environment caused a shift in component availability as the year progressed. For the first half of Fiscal 2023, we continued to be affected by industry-wide constraints in the supply of limited-source components, primarily within ISG. These constraints began to diminish during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, primarily as a result of the aforementioned declines in the overall demand environment as well as improving supply positions. As a result, during Fiscal 2023, we lowered our backlog across both CSG and ISG from previously elevated levels. 
 
 In addition to impacts to both supply and demand, our input costs, which include logistics and component costs, were also impacted throughout the fiscal year. Component costs were deflationary for Fiscal 2023. Although logistics costs remained elevated during the first half of Fiscal 2023, we experienced a significant reduction in these costs during the second half of Fiscal 2023 as we began to see declining rate costs coupled with a reduction in the need to utilize expedited shipments. We expect that our logistics costs will continue to decline as we enter Fiscal 2024. 
 
 We expect that the macroeconomic environment will continue to impact our consolidated financial results in Fiscal 2024. We currently anticipate a decline in net revenue for the full fiscal year, notably in the first half of the year, which may put pressure on operating margins. We will continue to actively monitor global events and make prudent decisions to navigate this environment. We believe our durable competitive advantages continue to position us for long-term success. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Supply Chain Dell Technologies maintains single-source and limited-source supplier relationships for certain components because the relationships are advantageous in the areas of performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, and price considerations. 
 
 Component cost trends are dependent on the strength or weakness of actual end-user demand and supply dynamics, which will continue to evolve and ultimately impact the translation of the cost environment to pricing and operating results. 
 We anticipate that overall costs of our key commodities will remain deflationary through the first half of Fiscal 2024. We expect this favorability to be partially offset by the impacts of industry-wide price increases of certain processors that will affect our cost of net revenue beginning in Fiscal 2024. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exposure We manage our business on a U.S. dollar basis. However, we have a large global presence, generating approximately half of our net revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021. As a result, our operating results can be, and particularly in recent periods have been, impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We utilize a comprehensive hedging strategy intended to mitigate the impact of foreign currency volatility over time, and we adjust pricing when possible to further minimize foreign currency impacts. 
 
 Ukraine War We are monitoring and responding to effects of the ongoing war in Ukraine. When Russia invaded Ukraine, we made the decision to not sell, service, or support products in Russia, Belarus, and restricted regions of Ukraine. Operations in Russia and Ukraine accounted for less than 1 of net revenue in Fiscal 2022. During Fiscal 2023, we recognized 171 million in costs associated with exiting our business in Russia, primarily related to asset impairments and other exit related costs. We have resumed product sales to non-sanctioned areas in Ukraine. We are focused on providing products and support to Ukrainian customers as they rebuild infrastructure and restore businesses and the financial sector. 
 
 The war and the related economic sanctions are impacting markets worldwide. Our business may be adversely affected by effects of the war and such sanctions, including supply chain disruptions, product shipping delays, macroeconomic impacts resulting from the exclusion of Russian financial institutions from the global banking system, volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, inflationary pressures, and heightened cybersecurity and data theft threats. The full impact of the war on our business operations and financial performance will depend on future developments. We will continue to monitor and assess the related restrictions and other effects and pursue prudent decisions for our team members, customers, and business. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic and Response We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and variants of the coronavirus, as well as the impact the pandemic has on our employees, customers, business partners, and communities. We will continue to actively monitor global events and pursue prudent decisions to navigate in this uncertain and ever-changing environment. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act During the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the 2022 Act was enacted into law. The statute includes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income which is effective for Fiscal 2024. The new law also imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases, which is effective for repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the 2022 Act to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or on our capital allocation decisions. We will continue to evaluate the law s impact as further information becomes available. 
 
 Other Macroeconomic Risks and Uncertainties The impacts of trade protection measures, including increases in tariffs and trade barriers, changes in government policies and international trade arrangements, and geopolitical issues may affect our ability to conduct business in some non-U.S. markets. We monitor and seek to mitigate these risks with adjustments to our manufacturing, supply chain, and distribution networks. 
 
 ISG We expect that ISG will continue to be impacted by the changing nature of the IT infrastructure market and competitive environment. With our scale and strong solutions portfolio, we believe we are well-positioned to respond to ongoing competitive dynamics. 
 
 Through our collaborative, customer-focused approach to innovation, we strive to deliver new and relevant solutions and software to our customers quickly and efficiently. We continue to focus on customer base expansion and lifetime value of customer relationships. Our customer base includes a growing number of service providers, such as cloud service providers, Software-as-a-Service companies, consumer webtech providers, and telecommunications companies. These service providers turn to Dell Technologies for our advanced solutions that enable efficient infrastructure and service delivery at cloud scale. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 While we are anticipating challenges in the demand environment as a result of customer caution in response to macroeconomic conditions, we expect that data growth will continue to generate long-term demand for our storage solutions and services. Cloud native applications are expected to continue to be a key trend in the infrastructure market. We benefit from offering solutions that address the emerging trends of enterprises deploying software-defined storage, hyper-converged infrastructure, and modular solutions based on server-centric architectures. These trends are changing the way customers are consuming our storage offerings. We continue to expand our offerings in external storage arrays, which incorporate flexible, cloud-based functionality. Our storage business is subject to seasonal trends which we expect to continue. 
 
 We anticipate that ISG will benefit from the continued expansion of, and advances in, Artificial Intelligence AI ). Through our server and storage offerings, as well as our AI validated design solutions, we are well positioned to capture growth and support our customers needs. We continue to optimize and enhance our offerings to run high value and transformational workloads, such as AI. 
 
 CSG Our CSG offerings are an important element of our strategy, generating strong cash flow and opportunities for cross-selling of complementary solutions. Within CSG, we are focused on commercial and high-end consumer computing devices as we believe they are the most stable and profitable segments of the PC market. Competitive dynamics continue to be a factor in our CSG business and continue to impact pricing and operating results. 
 
 We expect industry-wide demand will remain a challenge as we begin Fiscal 2024. We remain committed to our long-term CSG strategy and will continue to make investments to innovate across the portfolio. We expect that the CSG demand environment will continue to be subject to seasonal trends. 
 
 Recurring Revenue and Consumption Models Our customers are seeking new and innovative models that address how they consume our solutions. In part, customers are looking to remove unnecessary cost and complexity, align solution offerings to their business needs, and provide consistent operations throughout their IT enterprise. 
 
 We offer options including as-a-Service, subscription, utility, leases, loans, and immediate pay models designed to match customers' consumption and financing preferences. We believe these options are particularly advantageous for our customers during times of economic uncertainty as they provide customers with financial flexibility to further enable them to procure our solutions. 
 
 These offerings typically result in multiyear agreements which generate recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. We expect that these offerings will further strengthen our customer relationships and provide a foundation for growth in recurring revenue. We define recurring revenue as revenue recognized that is primarily related to hardware and software maintenance as well as subscription, as-a-Service, usage-based offerings, and operating leases. 
 
 Key Performance Metrics 
 
 Our key performance metrics include net revenue, operating income, and cash flows from operations, which are discussed elsewhere in this management s discussion and analysis. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 In this management s discussion and analysis, we use supplemental measures of our performance which are derived from our consolidated financial information but which are not presented in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures include non-GAAP product net revenue; non-GAAP services net revenue; non-GAAP net revenue; non-GAAP product gross margin; non-GAAP services gross margin; non-GAAP gross margin; non-GAAP operating expenses; non-GAAP operating income; non-GAAP net income; earnings before interest and other, net, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered as indicators of performance in isolation from or as a substitute for net revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, or net income from continuing operations prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis. 
 
 Effective in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, non-GAAP product net revenue, services net revenue, and net revenue no longer differ from the most comparable GAAP financial measures. Such non-GAAP financial measures are provided below for all periods presented to show the impact of purchase accounting adjustments on such financial measures in prior periods. 
 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures to supplement financial information presented on a GAAP basis. Management considers these non-GAAP measures in evaluating our operating trends and performance. Moreover, we believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide our stakeholders with useful and transparent information to help them evaluate our operating results by facilitating an enhanced understanding of our operating performance and enabling them to make more meaningful period to period comparisons. There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 
 Non-GAAP product net revenue, non-GAAP services net revenue, non-GAAP net revenue, non-GAAP product gross margin, non-GAAP services gross margin, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, and non-GAAP net income, as defined by us, exclude amortization of intangible assets, the impact of purchase accounting, transaction-related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, other corporate expenses and, for non-GAAP net income, fair value adjustments on equity adjustments and an aggregate adjustment for income taxes. As the excluded items have a material impact on our financial results, our management compensates for this limitation by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using non-GAAP financial measures supplementally or for projections when comparable GAAP financial measures are not available. 
 
 Reconciliations of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are presented below. We encourage you to review the reconciliations in conjunction with the presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures for each of the periods presented. The discussion below includes information on each of the excluded items as well as our reasons for excluding them from our non-GAAP results. In future fiscal periods, we may exclude such items and may incur income and expenses similar to these excluded items. Accordingly, the exclusion of these items and other similar items in our non-GAAP presentation should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent, or unusual. 
 
 The following is a summary of the items excluded from the most comparable GAAP financial measures to calculate our non-GAAP financial measures: 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets Amortization of intangible assets primarily consists of amortization of customer relationships, developed technology, and trade names. In connection with our acquisition by merger of EMC, referred to as the EMC merger transaction, and the acquisition of Dell Inc. by Dell Technologies Inc., referred to as the going-private transaction, all of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of EMC and Dell Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, respectively, were accounted for and recognized at fair value on the transaction dates. Accordingly, for the periods presented, amortization of intangible assets represents amortization associated with intangible assets recognized in connection with the EMC merger transaction and the going-private transaction. Amortization charges for purchased intangible assets are significantly impacted by the timing and magnitude of our acquisitions, and these charges may vary in amount from period to period. We exclude these charges for purposes of calculating the non-GAAP financial measures presented below to facilitate an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provide more meaningful period to period comparisons. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Impact of Purchase Accounting The impact of purchase accounting includes purchase accounting adjustments primarily related to the EMC merger transaction recorded under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the accounting guidance for business combinations. Accordingly, all of the assets and liabilities acquired in such transactions were accounted for and recognized at fair value as of the respective transaction dates, and the fair value adjustments continue to amortize over the estimated useful lives in the periods following the transactions. The fair value adjustments that are still amortizing primarily relate to property, plant, and equipment. We believe that excluding the impact of purchase accounting for purposes of calculating the non-GAAP financial measures presented below facilitates an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provides more meaningful period to period comparisons. 
 
 Transaction-Related (Income) Expenses Transaction-related expenses typically consist of acquisition, integration, and divestiture related costs, as well as the costs incurred in the VMware Spin-off, and are expensed as incurred. These expenses primarily represent costs for legal, banking, consulting, and advisory services. During Fiscal 2022, this category includes 1.5 billion in debt extinguishment fees primarily associated with the early retirement of certain senior notes. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information on our debt activity. From time to time, this category also may include transaction-related income related to divestitures of businesses or asset sales. During Fiscal 2022, we recognized a pre-tax gain of 4.0 billion on the sale of Boomi and during Fiscal 2021, we recognized a pre-tax gain of 338 million on the sale of RSA Security. We exclude these items for purposes of calculating the non-GAAP financial measures presented below to facilitate an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provide more meaningful period to period comparisons. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense Stock-based compensation expense consists of equity awards granted based on the estimated fair value of those awards at grant date. To estimate the fair value of performance-based awards containing a market condition, we use the Monte Carlo valuation model. For other share-based awards, the fair value is generally based on the closing price of the Class C Common Stock as reported on the NYSE on the date of grant. Although stock-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of our employees and executives, the fair value of the stock-based awards may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the vesting or future exercise of the related stock-based awards. We believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense for purposes of calculating the non-GAAP financial measures presented below facilitates an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provides more meaningful period to period comparisons. 
 
 Other Corporate Expenses Other corporate expenses consist of impairment charges, incentive charges related to equity investments, severance, facility action, payroll taxes associated with stock-based compensation, and other costs. During Fiscal 2023, other corporate expenses includes 0.9 billion of net expense recognized within interest and other, net, in connection with an agreement to settle the Class V transaction litigation. See Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for information about this matter. Severance costs are primarily related to severance and benefits for employees terminated pursuant to cost savings initiatives. During Fiscal 2023, other corporate expenses includes 0.5 billion in costs primarily associated with our strategic workforce reduction announced subsequent to the close of Fiscal 2023. See Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for information about our severance costs. Further, during Fiscal 2023, other corporate expenses includes 0.2 billion in costs associated with exiting our business in Russia, primarily related to asset impairments and other exit related costs. Other corporate expenses vary from period to period and are significantly impacted by the timing and nature of these events. Therefore, although we may incur these types of expenses in the future, we believe that eliminating these charges for purposes of calculating the non-GAAP financial measures presented below facilitates an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provides more meaningful period to period comparisons. 
 
 Fair Value Adjustments on Equity Investments Fair value adjustments on equity investments primarily consist of the gain (loss) on strategic investments, which includes the recurring fair value adjustments of investments in publicly-traded companies, as well as those in privately-held companies, which are adjusted for observable price changes and any potential impairments. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information on our strategic investment activity. Given the volatility in the ongoing adjustments to the valuation of these strategic investments, we believe that excluding these gains and losses for purposes of calculating non-GAAP net income presented below facilitates an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provides more meaningful period to period comparisons. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Aggregate Adjustment for Income Taxes The aggregate adjustment for income taxes is the estimated combined income tax effect for the adjustments described above, as well as an adjustment for discrete tax items. Due to the variability in recognition of discrete tax items from period to period, we believe that excluding these benefits or charges for purposes of calculating non-GAAP net income facilitates an enhanced understanding of our current operating performance and provides more meaningful period to period comparisons. The tax effects are determined based on the tax jurisdictions where the above items were incurred. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information on our income taxes. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 Change January 28, 2022 Change January 29, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Product net revenue 79,250 (1) 79,830 18 67,744 Non-GAAP adjustments: Impact of purchase accounting 2 Non-GAAP product net revenue 79,250 (1) 79,830 18 67,746 Services net revenue 23,051 8 21,367 13 18,926 Non-GAAP adjustments: Impact of purchase accounting 32 104 Non-GAAP services net revenue 23,051 8 21,399 12 19,030 Net revenue 102,301 1 101,197 17 86,670 Non-GAAP adjustments: Impact of purchase accounting 32 106 Non-GAAP net revenue 102,301 1 101,229 17 86,776 Product gross margin 13,221 5 12,606 11 11,313 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangibles 414 598 853 Impact of purchase accounting 2 3 5 Stock-based compensation expense 52 48 23 Other corporate expenses 32 6 17 Non-GAAP product gross margin 13,721 3 13,261 9 12,211 Services gross margin 9,465 2 9,285 5 8,827 Non-GAAP adjustments: Impact of purchase accounting 32 104 Stock-based compensation expense 100 85 52 Other corporate expenses 141 21 39 Non-GAAP services gross margin 9,706 3 9,423 4 9,022 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 Change January 28, 2022 Change January 29, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Gross margin 22,686 4 21,891 9 20,140 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangibles 414 598 853 Impact of purchase accounting 2 35 109 Stock-based compensation expense 152 133 75 Other corporate expenses 173 27 56 Non-GAAP gross margin 23,427 3 22,684 7 21,233 Operating expenses 16,915 (2) 17,232 5 16,455 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangibles (556) (1,043) (1,280) Impact of purchase accounting (42) (32) (35) Transaction-related expenses (22) (273) (124) Stock-based compensation expense (779) (675) (412) Other corporate expenses (726) (310) (320) Non-GAAP operating expenses 14,790 (1) 14,899 4 14,284 Operating income 5,771 24 4,659 26 3,685 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangibles 970 1,641 2,133 Impact of purchase accounting 44 67 144 Transaction-related expenses 22 273 124 Stock-based compensation expense 931 808 487 Other corporate expenses 899 337 376 Non-GAAP operating income 8,637 11 7,785 12 6,949 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 2,422 (51) 4,942 120 2,245 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangibles 970 1,641 2,133 Impact of purchase accounting 44 67 144 Transaction-related (income) expenses (16) (2,143) (332) Stock-based compensation expense 931 808 487 Other corporate expenses 1,812 337 268 Fair value adjustments on equity investments 206 (572) (427) Aggregate adjustment for income taxes (642) (156) (772) Non-GAAP net income 5,727 16 4,924 31 3,746 

47 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the above measures, we also use EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to provide additional information for evaluation of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA excludes purchase accounting adjustments related to the EMC merger transaction and the going-private transaction, acquisition, integration, and divestiture related costs, impairment charges, and severance, facility action, and other costs, and stock-based compensation expense. We believe that, due to the non-operational nature of the purchase accounting entries, it is appropriate to exclude these adjustments. 
 
 As is the case with the non-GAAP measures presented above, users should consider the limitations of using EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, including the fact that those measures do not provide a complete measure of our operating performance. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA do not purport to be alternatives to net income from continuing operations as measures of operating performance or to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. In particular, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for management s discretionary use, as these measures do not consider certain cash requirements, such as working capital needs, capital expenditures, contractual commitments, interest payments, tax payments, and other debt service requirements. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to net income from continuing operations for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 Change January 28, 2022 Change January 29, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Net income from continuing operations 2,422 (51) 4,942 120 2,245 Adjustments: Interest and other, net (a) 2,546 (1,264) 1,339 Income tax expense (benefit) 803 981 101 Depreciation and amortization 3,156 3,547 3,867 EBITDA 8,927 9 8,206 9 7,552 EBITDA 8,927 9 8,206 9 7,552 Adjustments: Stock-based compensation expense 931 808 487 Impact of purchase accounting 36 106 Transaction-related expenses 22 273 124 Other corporate expenses 899 337 376 Adjusted EBITDA 10,779 12 9,660 12 8,645 
 ____________________ 
 (a) See Results of Operations Interest and Other, Net for more information on the components of interest and other, net. 

48 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results for the periods indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, all changes identified for the current period results represent comparisons to results for the prior corresponding fiscal period. 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Dollars of Net Revenue Change Dollars of Net Revenue Change Dollars of Net Revenue (in millions, except percentages) Net revenue: Products 79,250 77.5 (1) 79,830 78.9 18 67,744 78.2 Services 23,051 22.5 8 21,367 21.1 13 18,926 21.8 Total net revenue 102,301 100.0 1 101,197 100.0 17 86,670 100.0 Gross margin: Products (a) 13,221 16.7 5 12,606 15.8 11 11,313 16.7 Services (b) 9,465 41.1 2 9,285 43.5 5 8,827 46.6 Total gross margin 22,686 22.2 4 21,891 21.6 9 20,140 23.2 Operating expenses 16,915 16.6 (2) 17,232 17.0 5 16,455 18.9 Operating income 5,771 5.6 24 4,659 4.6 26 3,685 4.3 Net income from continuing operations 2,422 2.4 (51) 4,942 4.9 120 2,245 2.6 Non-GAAP Financial Information Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Dollars of Non-GAAP Net Revenue Change Dollars of Non-GAAP Net Revenue Change Dollars of Non-GAAP Net Revenue (in millions, except percentages) Non-GAAP net revenue: Products 79,250 77.5 (1) 79,830 78.9 18 67,746 78.1 Services 23,051 22.5 8 21,399 21.1 12 19,030 21.9 Total non-GAAP net revenue 102,301 100.0 1 101,229 100.0 17 86,776 100.0 Non-GAAP gross margin: Products (a) 13,721 17.3 3 13,261 16.6 9 12,211 18.0 Services (b) 9,706 42.1 3 9,423 44.0 4 9,022 47.4 Total non-GAAP gross margin 23,427 22.9 3 22,684 22.4 7 21,233 24.5 Non-GAAP operating expenses 14,790 14.5 (1) 14,899 14.7 4 14,284 16.5 Non-GAAP operating income 8,637 8.4 11 7,785 7.7 12 6,949 8.0 Non-GAAP net income 5,727 5.6 16 4,924 4.9 31 3,746 4.3 EBITDA 8,927 8.7 9 8,206 8.1 9 7,552 8.7 Adjusted EBITDA 10,779 10.5 12 9,660 9.5 12 8,645 10.0 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Product gross margin and non-GAAP product gross margin percentages are calculated as a percentage of product net revenue and non-GAAP product net revenue, respectively. 
 (b) Services gross margin and non-GAAP services gross margin percentages are calculated as a percentage of services net revenue and non-GAAP services net revenue, respectively. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP product net revenue, non-GAAP services net revenue, non-GAAP net revenue, non-GAAP product gross margin, non-GAAP services gross margin, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures as a percentage of revenue are calculated based on non-GAAP net revenue. See Non GAAP Financial Measures for additional information about these non-GAAP financial measures, including our reasons for including these measures, material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the measures, and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Overview 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, our net revenue increased 1 , driven by an increase in net revenue for ISG which was mostly offset by a decline in net revenue for CSG. ISG net revenue increased primarily as a result of continued net revenue growth within both our servers and networking and storage offerings. CSG net revenue decreased as a result of a decrease in units sold due to an overall decline in the demand environment. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, our operating income increased 24 to 5.8 billion, primarily driven by growth in ISG operating income and the favorable impact of a decrease in amortization of intangible assets. Growth in ISG operating income for Fiscal 2023 was driven by both our server and networking and storage offerings. The increase in operating income was partially offset by a decline in CSG operating income as well as the unfavorable impact of an increase in other corporate expenses. CSG operating income declined during the period principally driven by our consumer offerings. During Fiscal 2023, our non-GAAP operating income increased 11 to 8.6 billion due to the same ISG and CSG dynamics discussed above. 
 
 For Fiscal 2023, operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 100 basis points to 5.6 principally driven by improvement in gross margin as percentage of net revenue coupled with a decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased primarily as a result of a shift in mix towards ISG. The decline in operating expense as a percentage of net revenue was driven by disciplined cost management and the favorable impact of a decrease in the amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of an increase in other corporate expenses. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 70 basis points to 8.4 during Fiscal 2023, driven by the same gross margin and disciplined cost management dynamics discussed above. 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 3.6 billion and 10.3 billion during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. During Fiscal 2022, 3.2 billion of the 10.3 billion total represented cash provided by operating activities attributable to VMware, Inc. Cash provided by operating activities during Fiscal 2023 declined primarily as a result of unfavorable working capital dynamics as compared to Fiscal 2022. Working capital was primarily impacted by a shift in mix of the business, the timing of purchases and payments to vendors during a declining demand environment, and linearity of sales during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023. See Liquidity, Cash Requirements, and Market Conditions for further information on our cash flow metrics. 
 
 We continue to see opportunities to create value and grow in response to long-term demand for our IT solutions driven by a technology-enabled world. We have demonstrated our ability to adjust to changing market conditions with complementary solutions across both segments of our business, an agile workforce, and the strength of our global supply chain. As we continue to innovate and modernize our core offerings, we believe that Dell Technologies is well-positioned for long-term profitable growth. 
 
 Net Revenue 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, our net revenue increased 1 , primarily driven by growth within ISG net revenue that was mostly offset by a decline in net revenue for CSG. See Business Unit Results for further information. 
 
 Product Net Revenue Product net revenue includes revenue from the sale of hardware products and software licenses. During Fiscal 2023, our product net revenue decreased 1 , primarily due to a decline in CSG product net revenue, which was partially offset by growth in ISG product net revenue. CSG product net revenue decreased primarily as a result of a decline in consumer product net revenue and, to a lesser extent, commercial product net revenue. These declines were both driven by a decrease in units sold, partially offset by an increase in average selling prices. ISG product net revenue growth was driven by an increase in product net revenue from both our server and networking and storage offerings. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Services Net Revenue Services net revenue includes revenue from our services offerings and support services related to hardware products and software licenses. During Fiscal 2023, services net revenue increased 8 , driven principally by strength in CSG hardware support and maintenance and third-party software support and maintenance, primarily associated with commercial offerings sold in prior periods. A substantial portion of services net revenue is derived from offerings that have been deferred over a period of time, and, as a result, reported services net revenue growth rates will be different than reported product net revenue growth rates. 
 
 From a geographical perspective, net revenue increased in the Americas and EMEA regions and decreased in the APJ region during Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, gross margin and non-GAAP gross margin increased 4 to 22.7 billion and 3 to 23.4 billion, respectively. The increases were driven by growth in ISG gross margin which was partially offset by a decline in CSG gross margin. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, our gross margin and non-GAAP gross margin percentages increased 60 basis points to 22.2 and 50 basis points to 22.9 , respectively, primarily due to a shift in mix towards our ISG offerings. 
 
 Product Gross Margin During Fiscal 2023, product gross margin and non-GAAP product gross margin increased 5 to 13.2 billion and 3 to 13.7 billion, respectively. These increases were driven primarily by growth in ISG product gross margin due to growth in product net revenue for both our server and networking and storage offerings. The increases in ISG product gross margin were partially offset by declines in CSG product gross margin primarily due to a decrease in product net revenue for our consumer offerings and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in product net revenue for our commercial offerings. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, product gross margin and non-GAAP product gross margin percentages increased 90 basis points to 16.7 and 70 basis points to 17.3 , respectively, primarily attributable to a shift in mix towards our ISG offerings. 
 
 Services Gross Margin During Fiscal 2023, services gross margin and non-GAAP services gross margin increased 2 to 9.5 billion and 3 to 9.7 billion, respectively. The increases were primarily driven by growth in CSG services gross margin, which was partially offset by a decline in other businesses services gross margin. CSG services gross margin increased as a result of growth within hardware support and maintenance, primarily associated with commercial offerings sold in prior periods, while other businesses services gross margin declined due to the impact of the divestiture of Boomi in Fiscal 2022. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, services gross margin percentage decreased 240 basis points to 41.1 . The decrease was driven by a decline in services gross margin percentage for ISG, due to a shift in mix of services delivered, coupled with a shift in mix towards CSG services net revenue and the impact of the Boomi divestiture during Fiscal 2022. Further, the unfavorable impact of an increase in other corporate expenses contributed to the decline. Non-GAAP services gross margin percentage decreased 190 basis points to 42.1 and was driven by the same ISG, CSG, and Boomi dynamics discussed above. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Vendor Programs 
 
 Our gross margin is affected by our ability to achieve competitive pricing with our vendors and contract manufacturers, including through our negotiation of a variety of vendor rebate programs to achieve lower net costs for the various components we include in our products. Under these programs, vendors provide us with rebates or other discounts from the list prices for the components, which are generally elements of their pricing strategy. We account for vendor rebates and other discounts as a reduction in cost of net revenue. We manage our costs on a total net cost basis, which includes supplier list prices reduced by vendor rebates and other discounts. 
 
 The terms and conditions of our vendor rebate programs are largely based on product volumes and are generally negotiated either at the beginning of the annual or quarterly period, depending on the program. The timing and amount of vendor rebates and other discounts we receive under the programs may vary from period to period, reflecting changes in the competitive environment. We monitor our component costs and seek to address the effects of any changes to terms that might arise under our vendor rebate programs. Our gross margins for Fiscal 2023 and for Fiscal 2022 were not materially affected by any changes to the terms of our vendor rebate programs, as the amounts we received under these programs were generally stable relative to our total net cost. 
 
 We are not aware of any significant changes to our vendor rebate programs that will materially impact our results in the near term. While we anticipate that the impact of industry-wide price increases of certain processors will impact our cost of net revenue beginning in Fiscal 2024, we are also experiencing cost deflation on component parts as a result of overall demand softness. We will continue to take pricing actions to balance profitability and growth while actively addressing our customers demands. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 
 The following table presents information regarding our operating expenses for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Dollars of Net Revenue Change Dollars of Net Revenue Change Dollars of Net Revenue (in millions, except percentages) Operating expenses: Selling, general, and administrative 14,136 13.9 (4) 14,655 14.5 5 14,000 16.1 Research and development 2,779 2.7 8 2,577 2.5 5 2,455 2.8 Total operating expenses 16,915 16.6 (2) 17,232 17.0 5 16,455 18.9 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Dollars of Net Revenue Change Dollars of Net Revenue Change Dollars of Non-GAAP Net Revenue (in millions, except percentages) Non-GAAP operating expenses 14,790 14.5 (1) 14,899 14.7 4 14,284 16.5 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, total operating expenses decreased 2 driven by a decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Selling, general, and administrative SG A expenses decreased 4 during Fiscal 2023, primarily due to decreases in amortization of intangible assets and outside services expenses which were partially offset by an increase in employee compensation and benefits. The decline in outside services expense was primarily attributable to expenses incurred in Fiscal 2022, principally related to the VMware Spin-off, that did not reoccur in Fiscal 2023. Employee compensation and benefits increased primarily as a result of costs incurred in connection with our strategic workforce reduction. 
 
 Research and Development Research and development R D expenses are primarily composed of personnel-related expenses incurred in connection with product development. R D expenses increased 8 during Fiscal 2023 driven by an increase in employee compensation and benefits expense. 
 
 As a percentage of net revenue, R D expenses for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were 2.7 and 2.5 , respectively. We intend to continue supporting R D initiatives to innovate and introduce new and enhanced solutions into the market. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, non-GAAP operating expenses decreased 1 principally due to continued disciplined cost management. 
 
 We continue to make selective investments designed to enable growth, marketing, and R D, while balancing our efforts to drive cost efficiencies in the business. We also expect to continue making investments in support of our own digital transformation to modernize our IT operations. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, our operating income increased 24 to 5.8 billion, primarily driven by growth in ISG operating income and the favorable impact of a decrease in amortization of intangible assets. Growth in ISG operating income for Fiscal 2023 was driven by both our server and networking and storage offerings. The increase in operating income was partially offset by a decline in CSG operating income coupled with the unfavorable impact of an increase in other corporate expenses. CSG operating income declined during the period principally driven by our consumer offerings. During Fiscal 2023, our non-GAAP operating income increased 11 to 8.6 billion driven by the same ISG and CSG dynamics discussed above. 
 
 For Fiscal 2023, operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 100 basis points to 5.6 principally driven by improvement in gross margin as percentage of net revenue coupled with a decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased primarily as a result of a shift in mix towards ISG. The decline in operating expense as a percentage of net revenue was driven by disciplined cost management and the favorable impact of a decrease in both the amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of an increase in other corporate expenses. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 70 basis points to 8.4 during Fiscal 2023, driven by the same gross margin and disciplined cost management dynamics discussed above. 
 
 Interest and Other, Net 
 
 The following table presents information regarding interest and other, net for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 (in millions) Interest and other, net: Investment income, primarily interest 100 42 47 Gain (loss) on investments, net (206) 569 425 Interest expense (1,222) (1,542) (2,052) Foreign exchange (265) (221) (160) Gain on disposition of businesses and assets 3,968 458 Debt extinguishment fees (1,572) (158) Legal settlement, net (894) Other (59) 20 101 Total interest and other, net (2,546) 1,264 (1,339) 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, the change in interest and other, net was unfavorable by 3.8 billion. The unfavorable change was attributable to the pre-tax gain of 4.0 billion on the sale of Boomi recognized during Fiscal 2022, 0.9 billion of net expense recognized in Fiscal 2023 in connection with an agreement to settle the Class V transaction litigation, and the impact of fair value adjustments on our non-marketable strategic investments portfolio. These factors were partially offset by a decrease in debt extinguishment fees, as we incurred 1.6 billion in Fiscal 2022 primarily associated with the early retirement of certain senior notes, and a reduction in interest expense. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Income and Other Taxes 
 
 The following table presents information regarding our income and other taxes for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Income before income taxes 3,225 5,923 2,346 Income tax expense 803 981 101 Effective income tax rate 24.9 16.6 4.3 
 
 For Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, our effective income tax rate was 24.9 and 16.6 , respectively, with the change being primarily driven by discrete items in those years. Our effective tax rate for the Fiscal 2023 includes the impact of a 0.9 billion expense recognized in connection with an agreement to settle the Class V transaction litigation. In comparison, our effective tax rate for Fiscal 2022 includes tax expense of 1.0 billion on a pre-tax gain of 4.0 billion related to the divestiture of Boomi during the period, as well as tax benefits of 367 million on 1.6 billion of debt extinguishment fees and 244 million related to the restructuring of certain legal entities. 
 
 Other changes to our effective income tax rates for Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022 were attributable to the tax impact of foreign operations, which included the impacts of a higher jurisdictional mix of income in lower tax jurisdictions and higher tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income offset by the impact of the capitalization of research and development costs under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted on December 22, 2017, research and development costs incurred for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021 must be capitalized and amortized ratably over five or 15 years for tax purposes, depending on where the research activities were conducted. 
 
 Our effective income tax rate can fluctuate depending on the geographic distribution of our worldwide earnings, as our foreign earnings are generally taxed at lower rates than in the United States. The differences between our effective income tax rates and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 principally result from the geographical distribution of income, differences between the book and tax treatment of certain items, and the tax items discussed above. In certain jurisdictions, our tax rate is significantly less than the applicable statutory rate as a result of tax holidays. The majority of our foreign income that is subject to these tax holidays is attributable to Singapore and China. A significant portion of these income tax benefits relates to a tax holiday that will be effective until January 31, 2029. Our other tax holidays will expire in whole or in part during Fiscal 2030 through Fiscal 2031. Many of these tax holidays and reduced tax rates may be extended when certain conditions are met or may be terminated early if certain conditions are not met or as a result of changes in tax legislation. As of February 3, 2023, we were not aware of any matters of noncompliance or enacted tax legislative changes affecting these tax holidays. 
 
 For further discussion regarding tax matters, including the status of income tax audits, see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 See Introduction Business Trends and Challenges Inflation Reduction Act for a discussion of recent tax legislation. 
 
 Net Income from Continuing Operations 
 
 Net income from continuing operations was 2.4 billion and 4.9 billion for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. The decrease was principally attributable to an unfavorable change in interest and other, net, partially offset by an increase in operating income. 
 
 Non-GAAP net income was 5.7 billion and 4.9 billion for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in non-GAAP operating income and a decrease in interest expense, partially offset by an increase in tax expense. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Business Unit Results 
 
 Our reportable segments are based on the ISG and CSG business units. A description of our business units is provided under Introduction. See Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for a reconciliation of net revenue and operating income by reportable segment to consolidated net revenue and consolidated operating income (loss), respectively. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions Group 
 
 The following table presents net revenue and operating income attributable to ISG for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 Change January 28, 2022 Change January 29, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Net revenue: Servers and networking 20,398 14 17,901 8 16,592 Storage 17,958 9 16,465 16,410 Total ISG net revenue 38,356 12 34,366 4 33,002 Operating income: ISG operating income 5,045 35 3,736 3,753 of segment net revenue 13.2 10.9 11.4 
 
 Net Revenue During Fiscal 2023, ISG net revenue increased 12 , driven by strength across both server and networking and storage offerings. 
 
 Revenue from sales of servers and networking increased 14 during Fiscal 2023, primarily driven by an increase in average selling price of our server offerings, the effect of which was partially offset by a decrease in units sold. The average selling price for our server offerings increased as a result of richer configurations and continued pricing discipline in response to the macroeconomic environment. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, storage revenue increased 9 due to continued strength across the majority of our storage offerings. 
 
 ISG customers are interested in new and innovative models that address how they consume our solutions. We offer options that include as-a-Service, subscription, utility, leases, and immediate pay models which are designed to match customers consumption and financing preferences. Our multiyear agreements typically result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. We expect that our flexible consumption models and as-a-Service offerings through Dell APEX will further strengthen our customer relationships and provide a foundation for growth in recurring revenue. 
 
 From a geographical perspective, net revenue attributable to ISG increased in the Americas and EMEA and, to a lesser extent, in APJ during Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Operating Income During Fiscal 2023, ISG operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 230 basis points to 13.2 principally due to a decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue that resulted from strong revenue growth coupled with disciplined cost management. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Client Solutions Group 
 
 The following table presents net revenue and operating income attributable to CSG for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 Change January 28, 2022 Change January 29, 2021 (in millions, except percentages) Net revenue: Commercial 45,556 45,576 29 35,423 Consumer 12,657 (20) 15,888 23 12,964 Total CSG net revenue 58,213 (5) 61,464 27 48,387 Operating income: CSG operating income 3,824 (12) 4,365 31 3,333 of segment net revenue 6.6 7.1 6.9 
 
 Net Revenue During Fiscal 2023, CSG net revenue decreased 5 , driven by a decline in units sold as deteriorating macroeconomic conditions led to an overall decline in demand industry-wide. The impact of the decline in units sold was partially offset by an increase in the average selling prices of our offerings. We continue to take necessary actions to manage pricing while also balancing competitive pressures, profitability, and growth. 
 
 Consumer net revenue decreased 20 during Fiscal 2023, primarily due to a decrease in units sold, which was only partially offset by the effect of an increase in the average selling price of our consumer offerings. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, commercial net revenue remained flat as the effect of an increase in the average selling price of our commercial offerings was entirely offset by a decrease in units sold. 
 
 Our average selling prices for our CSG offerings increased during Fiscal 2023 primarily as a result of a shift in mix towards our commercial offerings coupled with richer configurations and the impact of attached offerings. 
 
 From a geographical perspective, net revenue attributable to CSG remained flat in the Americas and decreased in both EMEA and APJ during Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Operating Income During Fiscal 2023, CSG operating income as a percentage of net revenue decreased 50 basis points to 6.6 , primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue, which increased as a result of a decline in CSG net revenue that outpaced the impacts of cost management measures. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 OTHER BALANCE SHEET ITEMS 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 We sell products and services directly to customers and through a variety of sales channels, including retail distribution. Our accounts receivable, net, was 12.5 billion and 12.9 billion as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively. We maintain an allowance for expected credit losses to cover receivables that may be deemed uncollectible. The allowance for expected credit losses is an estimate based on an analysis of historical loss experience, current receivables aging, and management s assessment of current conditions and its reasonable and supportable expectation of future conditions, as well as specific identifiable customer accounts that are deemed at risk. As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, the allowance for expected credit losses was 78 million and 90 million, respectively. Based on our assessment, we believe that we are adequately reserved for expected credit losses. We are monitoring the impact of current economic conditions and the aging of our accounts receivable on our expected losses and have not experienced deterioration in delinquency or loss rates. We will continue to take actions, where necessary, to reduce our exposure to credit losses. 
 
 Dell Financial Services and Financing Receivables 
 
 We offer or arrange various financing options and services for our customers globally, including through captive financing operations. DFS originates, collects, and services customer receivables primarily related to the purchase of our product, software, and service solutions. We further strengthen customer relationships through flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models, which enable us to offer our customers the option to pay over time to provide them with financial flexibility to meet their changing technological requirements. We have historically seen an increasing interest in our various financing options during times of macroeconomic uncertainty. New financing originations were 9.7 billion, 8.5 billion, and 8.9 billion for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 
 Our leases are generally classified as sales-type leases or operating leases. On commencement of sales-type leases, the Company recognizes profit up-front, and amounts due from the customer under the lease contract are recognized as financing receivables. Interest income is recognized as net product revenue over the term of the lease. Upon origination of operating leases, we record equipment under operating leases, classified as property, plant, and equipment. Over the contract term of an operating lease, we recognize rental revenue and depreciation expense, classified as cost of net revenue. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, our financing receivables, net were 10.9 billion and 10.6 billion, respectively . We maintain an allowance to cover expected financing receivable credit losses and evaluate credit loss expectations based on our total portfolio. For Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, the principal charge-off rate for our financing receivables portfolio was 0.5 , 0.6 and 0.7 , respectively. The credit quality of our financing receivables has improved in recent years as the mix of high-quality commercial accounts in our portfolio has continued to increase. We continue to monitor broader economic indicators and their potential impact on future credit loss performance. We have an extensive process to manage our exposure to customer credit risk, including active management of credit lines and our collection activities. We also sell selected fixed-term financing receivables without recourse to unrelated third parties on a periodic basis, primarily to manage certain concentrations of customer credit exposure. Based on our assessment of the customer financing receivables, we believe that we are adequately reserved. 
 
 We retain a residual interest in equipment leased under our lease programs. As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, the residual interest recorded as part of financing receivables was 142 million and 217 million, respectively. The decline in residual interest was principally attributable to a corresponding increase in originations of operating leases. The amount of the residual interest is established at the inception of the lease based upon estimates of the value of the equipment at the end of the lease term using historical studies, industry data, and future value-at-risk demand valuation methods. On a quarterly basis, we assess the carrying amount of our recorded residual values for expected losses. Generally, expected losses as a result of residual value risk on equipment under lease are not considered to be significant primarily because of the existence of a secondary market with respect to the equipment. Further, the lease agreement defines applicable return conditions and remedies for non-compliance to ensure that the leased equipment will be in good operating condition upon return. No expected losses were recorded related to residual assets during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, equipment under operating leases, net was 2.2 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. We assess the carrying amount of the equipment under operating leases for impairment whenever events or circumstances may indicate that an impairment has occurred. No material impairment losses were recorded related to such equipment during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021. 
 
 DFS offerings are initially funded through cash on hand at the time of origination, most of which is subsequently replaced with asset-backed financing. For DFS offerings which qualify as sales-type leases, the initial funding of financing receivables is reflected as an impact to cash flows from operations, and is largely subsequently offset by cash proceeds from financing. 
 For DFS operating leases, the initial funding is classified as a capital expenditure and reflected as an impact to cash flows used in investing activities. 
 
 See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our financing receivables and the associated allowances, and equipment under operating leases. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY, CASH REQUIREMENTS, AND MARKET CONDITIONS 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We rely on operating cash flows, which are impacted by trends in the demand environment, as our primary source of liquidity for our ongoing business operations. We monitor the efficiency of our balance sheet to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to support our business and strategic initiatives. In addition to internally generated cash, we have access to other capital sources to finance our strategic initiatives and fund growth in our financing operations. Our strategy is to deploy capital from any potential source, whether internally generated cash or debt, depending on the adequacy and availability of that source of capital and whether it can be accessed in a cost-effective manner. 
 
 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, together with cash that will be provided by future operations and borrowings expected to be available under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, will be sufficient over at least the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future thereafter to meet our material cash requirements, including funding of our operations, debt-related payments, capital expenditures, and other corporate needs. Our cash and cash equivalent balances will be impacted in the near-term as a result of certain non-recurring cash outflows, including payment of the Class V transaction litigation settlement. 
 
 As part of our overall capital allocation strategy, we intend to drive growth while maintaining our investment grade rating and focusing on returning capital to our stockholders through both share repurchase programs and dividend payments. 
 
 The following table presents our cash and cash equivalents as well as our available borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 (in millions) Cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings: Cash and cash equivalents 8,607 9,477 Remaining available borrowings under 2021 Revolving Credit Facility 5,999 4,969 Total cash, cash equivalents, and available borrowings 14,606 14,446 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, cash and cash equivalents decreased by 0.9 billion, primarily as a result of the return of capital to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividend payments, and capital expenditures, partially offset by cash flows from operations and net cash proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility had a maximum capacity of 6.0 billion. Available borrowings under this facility are reduced by draws on the facility and outstanding letters of credit. As of February 3, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility and remaining available borrowings totaled approximately 6.0 billion. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility also acts as a backstop to provide liquidity support for our commercial paper program. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, we established a commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured notes in a maximum aggregate face amount of 5.0 billion outstanding at any time, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issue. As of February 3, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under the program. 
 
 We may regularly use our available borrowings from the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and issuances under the commercial paper program on a short-term basis for general corporate purposes. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our debt. 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, we entered into a factoring arrangement with a third-party financial institution to sell certain high-quality trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis. We may elect to factor trade accounts receivable from time to time as part of our overall liquidity and working capital management strategy. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 Debt 
 
 The following table presents our outstanding debt as of the dates indicated: 
 February 3, 2023 Change January 28, 2022 (in millions) Core debt Senior Notes 18,300 2,000 16,300 Legacy Notes and Debentures 952 952 DFS allocated debt (1,196) (63) (1,133) Total core debt 18,056 1,937 16,119 DFS related debt DFS debt 10,290 644 9,646 DFS allocated debt 1,196 63 1,133 Total DFS related debt 11,486 707 10,779 Other 325 (12) 337 Total debt, principal amount 29,867 2,632 27,235 Carrying value adjustments (279) 2 (281) Total debt, carrying value 29,588 2,634 26,954 
 
 The outstanding principal amount of our debt increased 2.6 billion from January 28, 2022 to 29.9 billion as of February 3, 2023, driven primarily by the issuance of 2.0 billion principal amount of senior notes and, to a lesser extent, net DFS activity. 
 
 We define core debt as the total principal amount of our debt, less DFS related debt and other debt. Our core debt was 18.1 billion and 16.1 billion as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively. The increase in our core debt during Fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by the issuance of 2.0 billion principal amount of senior notes. We intend to utilize the proceeds of such senior notes to repay the 5.45 senior notes due June 2023 and to utilize the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes, including repayment of other debt. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our debt. 
 
 DFS related debt primarily represents debt from our securitization and structured financing programs. Our risk of loss under these programs is limited to transferred lease and loan payments and associated equipment, as the credit holders have no recourse to Dell Technologies. 
 
 To fund expansion of the DFS business, we balance the use of the securitization and structured financing programs with other sources of liquidity. We approximate the amount of our debt used to fund the DFS business by applying a 7:1 debt-to-equity ratio to the sum of our financing receivables balance and equipment under our DFS operating leases, net. The debt-to-equity ratio is based on the underlying credit quality of the assets. See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our DFS debt. 
 
 We believe we will continue to be able to make our debt principal and interest payments, including short-term maturities, from existing and expected sources of cash, primarily from operating cash flows. Cash used for debt principal and interest payments may include short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program, our revolving credit facility, or other borrowings. Under our variable-rate debt, we could experience variations in our future interest expense from potential fluctuations in applicable reference rates, or from possible fluctuations in the level of DFS debt required to meet future demand for customer financing. 
 
 We have made steady progress in paying down debt and we will continue to pursue deleveraging over the long-term as an important component of our overall capital allocation strategy. At our sole discretion, we may purchase, redeem, prepay, refinance, or otherwise retire any amount of our outstanding indebtedness under the terms of such indebtedness at any time and from time to time, in open market or negotiated transactions with the holders of such indebtedness or otherwise, as we consider appropriate in light of market conditions and other relevant factors. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 (in millions) Net change in cash from: Operating activities 3,565 10,307 11,407 Investing activities (3,024) 1,306 (460) Financing activities (1,625) (16,609) (5,950) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (104) (106) 36 Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (1,188) (5,102) 5,033 
 
 Cash flows for both Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 are inclusive of cash flows attributable to VMware, Inc. Effective November 1, 2021, as a result of the VMware Spin-off, cash flows ceased to include cash flows attributable to VMware, Inc. See Introduction and Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information regarding the VMware Spin-off. 
 
 Operating Activities Cash provided by operating activities was 3.6 billion during Fiscal 2023 compared to 10.3 billion during Fiscal 2022. Cash provided by operating activities for Fiscal 2022 included 3.2 billion attributable to VMware, Inc. 
 
 The decline in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to unfavorable working capital dynamics as compared to Fiscal 2022. Working capital was primarily impacted by a shift in mix of the business, the timing of purchases and payments to vendors during a declining demand environment, and linearity of sales during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Investing Activities Investing activities primarily consist of cash used to fund capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment inclusive of equipment under DFS operating leases and equipment used to support our as-a-Service offerings (collectively revenue generating assets ). Additional activities include capitalized software development costs, acquisitions and divestitures, strategic investments, and the maturities, sales, and purchases of investments. During Fiscal 2023, cash used in investing activities was 3.0 billion and was primarily applied to capital expenditures. 
 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 1.3 billion during Fiscal 2022, primarily driven by net cash proceeds related to the divestiture of Boomi, which was partially offset by cash used for capital expenditures. 
 
 Financing Activities Financing activities primarily consist of the proceeds and repayments of debt and return of capital to our stockholders. Cash used in financing activities was 1.6 billion during Fiscal 2023 and primarily consisted of repurchases of common stock, inclusive of payments to settle employee tax withholding on stock-based compensation, and the payment of quarterly dividends. The effects of these activities were partially offset by net cash proceeds from debt issuances, primarily related to the issuance of senior notes. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information regarding our debt. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 16.6 billion during Fiscal 2022 and primarily consisted of debt repayments and associated debt extinguishment fees, as well as cash transferred to VMware in connection with the VMware Spin-off. The effect of these activities was partially offset by cash proceeds from the issuance of senior notes by Dell Technologies and VMware. 
 
 DFS Cash Flow Impacts DFS offerings are initially funded through cash on hand at the time of origination, most of which is subsequently replaced with asset-backed financing. For DFS offerings that qualify as sales-type leases, the initial funding of financing receivables is reflected as an impact to cash flows from operations and is largely subsequently offset by cash proceeds from financing. For DFS operating leases, the initial funding is classified as a capital expenditure and reflected as cash flows used in investing activities. DFS new financing originations were 9.7 billion, 8.5 billion, and 8.9 billion during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. As of February 3, 2023, DFS had 10.9 billion of total net financing receivables and 2.2 billion of equipment under DFS operating leases, net. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Commitments 
 
 Capital Expenditures We spent 3.0 billion and 2.8 billion during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, on property, plant, and equipment and capitalized software development costs. Of total expenditures incurred during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, funding of revenue generating assets totaled 1.5 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively. Product demand, product mix, the use of contract manufacturers, and ongoing investments in operating and information technology infrastructure influence the level and prioritization of our capital expenditures. Aggregate capital expenditures for Fiscal 2024 are currently expected to total between 2.9 billion and 3.1 billion, of which approximately 1.8 billion are expected to relate to revenue generating assets. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock Effective as of September 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program with no fixed expiration date under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 5 billion of shares of our Class C Common Stock. During Fiscal 2023, we repurchased approximately 62 million shares of Class C Common Stock under this program for a total purchase price of approximately 2.8 billion. 
 
 Dividend Payments 
 
 Dividend Payments On February 24, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy providing for our payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock at a rate of 0.33 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. During Fiscal 2023, the Company paid the following dividends: 
 
 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount 
 (in millions) 
 February 24, 2022 April 20, 2022 April 29, 2022 0.33 248 June 7, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 29, 2022 0.33 242 September 6, 2022 October 19, 2022 October 28, 2022 0.33 238 December 6, 2022 January 25, 2023 February 3, 2023 0.33 236 
 
 On March 2, 2023, we announced that the Board of Directors approved a 12 increase in the quarterly dividend rate to a rate of 0.37 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2024. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Cash Obligations 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our contractual cash obligations as of February 3, 2023: 
 Payments Due by Fiscal Year Total 2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 Thereafter (in millions) Contractual cash obligations: Principal payments on debt: Core debt (a) 19,252 1,000 2,000 6,750 9,502 DFS debt (b) 10,290 5,400 3,747 1,143 Other 325 177 140 8 Total principal payments on debt 29,867 6,577 5,887 7,901 9,502 Interest 9,173 1,250 2,014 1,345 4,564 Purchase obligations 4,383 3,460 617 298 8 Operating leases 966 260 362 206 138 Tax obligations 144 36 108 Contractual cash obligations 44,533 11,583 8,988 9,750 14,212 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Contractual cash obligations associated with core debt exclude DFS allocated debt. 
 (b) DFS debt primarily represents debt from our securitization and structured financing programs. 
 
 Principal Payments on Debt Our expected principal cash payments on borrowings are exclusive of discounts and premiums. We have outstanding long-term notes with varying maturities. For additional information about our debt, see Note 6 and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 Interest Of the total cash obligations for interest presented in the table above, the amounts related to our DFS debt were expected to be 185 million in Fiscal 2024, 89 million in Fiscal 2025-2026, and 1 million in Fiscal 2027-2028. See Note 6 and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for further discussion of our debt and related interest expense. 
 
 Purchase Obligations Purchase obligations are defined as contractual obligations to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us. These obligations specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations do not include contracts that may be canceled without penalty. 
 
 We utilize several suppliers to manufacture sub-assemblies for our products. Our efficient supply chain management allows us to enter into flexible and mutually beneficial purchase arrangements with our suppliers in order to minimize inventory risk. Consistent with industry practice, we acquire raw materials or other goods and services, including product components, by issuing to suppliers authorizations to purchase based on our projected demand and manufacturing needs. These purchase orders are typically fulfilled within 30 days and are entered into during the ordinary course of business in order to establish best pricing and continuity of supply for our production. Purchase orders are not included in purchase obligations, as they typically represent our authorization to purchase rather than binding purchase obligations. 
 
 Operating Leases We lease property and equipment, manufacturing facilities, and office space under non-cancelable leases. Certain of these leases obligate us to pay taxes, maintenance, and repair costs. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our leasing transactions in which we are the lessee. 
 
 Tax Obligations Tax obligations represent a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Excluded from the table above are 1.3 billion in additional liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions as of February 3, 2023. We are unable to reliably estimate the expected payment dates for any liabilities for uncertain tax positions. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for more information on these tax matters. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Market Conditions 
 
 We regularly monitor economic conditions and associated impacts on the financial markets and our business. We consistently evaluate the financial health of our supplier base, carefully manage customer credit, diversify counterparty risk, and monitor the concentration risk of our cash and cash equivalents balances globally. We routinely monitor our financial exposure to borrowers and counterparties. 
 
 We monitor credit risk associated with our financial counterparties using various market credit risk indicators such as credit ratings issued by nationally recognized credit rating agencies and changes in market credit default swap levels. We perform periodic evaluations of our positions with these counterparties and may limit exposure to any one counterparty in accordance with our policies. We monitor and manage these activities depending on current and expected market developments. 
 
 We use derivative instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures. We use forward contracts and purchased options designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we primarily use forward contracts and may use purchased options to hedge monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our use of derivative instruments. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our variable-rate debt portfolio. In the normal course of business we follow established policies and procedures to manage this risk, including monitoring of our asset and liability mix and the use of derivative instruments. As a result, we do not anticipate any material losses from interest rate risk. 

65 

Table of Contents 

Summarized Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 As discussed in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report, Dell International L.L.C. and EMC Corporation (the Issuers ), both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dell Technologies Inc., completed private offerings of multiple series of senior secured notes issued on June 1, 2016, March 20, 2019, and April 9, 2020 (the Senior Notes ). In June 2021, the Issuers completed an exchange offer and issued 18.4 billion aggregate principal amount of registered senior notes under the Securities Act of 1933 in exchange for the same principal amount and substantially identical terms of the Senior Notes. The aggregate principal amount of unregistered Senior Notes remaining outstanding following the settlement of the exchange offer was approximately 0.1 billion. During Fiscal 2022, the tangible and intangible assets of the Issuers and guarantors that secured obligations under the Senior Notes were released as collateral. As a result, the Senior Notes became fully unsecured. In addition, all guarantees of the Senior Notes by subsidiaries of Dell Inc. were released. 
 
 On January 24, 2023, the Issuers completed a public offering of unsecured senior notes (together with the Senior Notes, the Registered Senior Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 2.0 billion. The unsecured senior notes were sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement. 
 
 Guarantees The Registered Senior Notes are guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Dell Technologies Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Denali Intermediate, Inc. and Dell Inc. (collectively, the Guarantors ). 
 
 Basis of Preparation of the Summarized Financial Information The tables below are summarized financial information provided in conformity with Rule 13-01 of the SEC s Regulation S-X. The summarized financial information of the Issuers and Guarantors (collectively, the Obligor Group is presented on a combined basis, excluding intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the Obligor Group. The Obligor Group s amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with Non-Obligor Subsidiaries and VMware, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Related Party have been presented separately. The Obligor Group s investment balances in Non-Obligor Subsidiaries have been excluded. 
 
 The following table presents summarized results of operations information for the Obligor Group for the period indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 (in millions) Net revenue (a) 10,327 Gross margin (b) 4,517 Operating income (c) 1,203 Interest and other, net (d) (3,284) Loss before income taxes (2,081) Net loss attributable to Obligor Group (1,720) 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Includes net revenue from services provided and product sales to Non-Obligor Subsidiaries of 841 million and 171 million, respectively. 
 (b) Includes cost of net revenue from resale of solutions purchased from Non-Obligor Subsidiaries and the Related Party of 1,034 million and 491 million, respectively. Includes costs of net revenue from shared services provided by Non-Obligor Subsidiaries of 634 million. 
 (c) Includes operating expenses from shared services provided by Non-Obligor Subsidiaries of 22 million. 
 (d) Includes interest expense on inter-company loan payables of 1,379 million. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents summarized balance sheet information for the Obligor Group as of the dates indicated: 
 February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 (in millions) ASSETS Current assets 2,972 3,106 Intercompany receivables 595 988 Due from related party, net 312 59 Short-term intercompany loan receivables 227 Total current assets 4,106 4,153 Due from related party, net 440 710 Goodwill and intangible assets 14,818 15,399 Other non-current assets 3,009 2,810 Total assets 22,373 23,072 LIABILITIES Current liabilities 6,611 4,625 Due to related party 110 192 Total current liabilities 6,721 4,817 Long-term debt 17,996 17,001 Intercompany loan payables 38,896 37,509 Other non-current liabilities 3,891 3,473 Total liabilities 67,504 62,800 

67 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires certain estimates, assumptions, and judgments to be made that may affect our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and Consolidated Statements of Income. Accounting policies that have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements are described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. The accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical. We consider an accounting policy to be critical if the nature of the estimate or assumption is subject to a material level of judgment and if changes in those estimates or assumptions are reasonably likely to materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. We have discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Revenue Recognition We sell a wide portfolio of products and services offerings to our customers. Our agreements have varying terms and conditions depending on the goods and services being sold, the rights and obligations conveyed, and the legal jurisdiction of the arrangement. While most of our agreements have standard terms and conditions, more complex agreements may contain nonstandard terms and conditions. There are significant judgements in interpreting agreements to determine the appropriate accounting for nonstandard terms and conditions. 
 
 Our contracts with customers often include multiple performance obligations for various distinct goods and services such as hardware, software licenses, support and maintenance agreements, and other service offerings and solutions. We use significant judgment to assess whether these promises are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately. In certain hardware solutions, the hardware is highly interdependent on, and interrelated with, the embedded software. In these offerings, the hardware and software licenses are accounted for as a single performance obligation. 
 
 The transaction price reflects the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, we estimate the amount to which we expect to be entitled using either the expected value or most likely amount method. Estimates are updated each reporting period as the variability is resolved or if additional information becomes available. Generally, volume discounts, rebates, and sales returns reduce the transaction price. When we determine the transaction price, we only include amounts that are not subject to significant future reversal. 
 
 When a contract includes multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation in proportion to the standalone selling price SSP of each performance obligation. 
 
 Judgment is required when determining the SSP of our performance obligations. If the observable price is available, we utilize that price for the SSP. If the observable price is not available, the SSP must be estimated. We estimate SSP by considering multiple factors, including, but not limited to, pricing practices, internal costs, and profit objectives as well as overall market conditions, which include geographic or regional specific factors, competitive positioning, and competitor actions. Our SSP estimates rely, in part, on company pricing trends. Market conditions could impact the selling price in the current period which may not be reflective of trends, and could lead to revenue timing, classification, and segment differences when compared to similar contracts in other periods. SSP for our performance obligations is periodically reassessed. 
 
 For transactions that involve a third party, the Company evaluates whether it is acting as the principal or the agent in the transaction. This determination requires significant judgement and impacts the amount and timing of revenue recognized. If the Company determines that it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the Company is acting as the principal and recognizes revenue at the gross amount of consideration it is entitled to from the customer. Indicators that the Company controls a good or service before transferring to a customer include, but are not limited to, the Company being the primary obligor to the customer, establishing its own pricing, and having inventory and credit risks. 

68 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairment Assessments Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually during the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or circumstances may indicate that an impairment has occurred. 
 
 To determine whether goodwill is impaired, we first assess certain qualitative factors. Qualitative factors that may be assessed include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, or other relevant company-specific events. Based on this assessment, if it is determined more likely than not that the fair value of a goodwill reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative analysis of the goodwill impairment test. Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test. 
 
 Significant judgment is exercised in the identification of goodwill reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to goodwill reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit. The fair value of each of our goodwill reporting units is generally estimated using a combination of public company multiples and discounted cash flow methodologies, and then compared to the carrying value of each goodwill reporting unit. The discounted cash flow and public company multiples methodologies require significant judgment, including estimation of future revenues, gross margins, and operating expenses, which are dependent on internal forecasts, current and anticipated economic conditions and trends, selection of market multiples through assessment of the reporting unit s performance relative to peer competitors, the estimation of the long-term revenue growth rate and discount rate of our business, and the determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the goodwill reporting unit, potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge. 
 
 The fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets is generally estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies. The discounted cash flow methodologies require significant judgment, including estimation of future revenue, the estimation of the long-term revenue growth rate of our business, and the determination of the weighted average cost of capital and royalty rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge. 
 
 For more information about our goodwill and intangible assets, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 Income Taxes We are subject to income tax in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments are required in determining the consolidated provision for income taxes. We calculate a provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences arising from the different treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. We account for the tax impact of including Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) in U.S. taxable income as a period cost. We provide related valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, where appropriate. Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence for each jurisdiction, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of ongoing tax planning strategies. In the event we determine that all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, we will make an adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. 
 
 Significant judgment is also required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. Although we believe our tax return positions are sustainable, we recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the positions will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits and a consideration of the relevant taxing authority s administrative practices and precedents. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. We believe we have provided adequate reserves for all uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Legal and Other Contingencies The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued, we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Significant judgement is required in determining whether a loss should be accrued, and changes in these factors could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Inventories We state our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We record a write-down for inventories of components and products, including third-party products held for resale, which have become obsolete or are in excess of anticipated demand or net realizable value. We perform a detailed review of inventory each fiscal quarter that considers multiple factors, including demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, product pricing, and component cost trends. The industries in which we compete are subject to demand changes. If future demand or market conditions for our products are less favorable than forecasted or if unforeseen technological changes negatively impact the utility of component inventory, we may be required to record additional write-downs, which would adversely affect our gross margin. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements that are applicable to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

70 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Dell Technologies is exposed to a variety of market risks, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes affecting its variable-rate debt, and changes in the market value of equity investments. In the normal course of business, Dell Technologies employs established policies and procedures to manage these risks. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, the principal foreign currencies in which Dell Technologies transacted business were the Euro, Chinese Renminbi, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Indian Rupee, and Australian Dollar. The objective of Dell Technologies in managing its exposures to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations is to reduce the impact of adverse fluctuations associated with foreign currency exchange rate changes on earnings and cash flows. Accordingly, Dell Technologies utilizes foreign currency option contracts and forward contracts to hedge its exposure on forecasted transactions and firm commitments for certain currencies. Dell Technologies monitors its foreign currency exchange exposures to ensure the overall effectiveness of its foreign currency hedge positions. However, there can be no assurance that the foreign currency hedging activities will continue to substantially offset the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on Dell Technologies results of operations and financial position in the future. 
 
 Based on the outstanding foreign currency hedge instruments of Dell Technologies, which include designated and non-designated instruments, there was a maximum potential one-day loss in fair value at a 95 confidence level of approximately 37 million as of February 3, 2023 and 16 million as of January 28, 2022 using a Value-at-Risk VAR model. By using market implied rates and incorporating volatility and correlation among the currencies of a portfolio, the VAR model simulates 10,000 randomly generated market prices and calculates the difference between the fifth percentile and the average as the Value-at-Risk. The VAR model is a risk estimation tool and is not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that could be incurred. Additionally, as Dell Technologies utilizes foreign currency instruments for hedging forecasted and firmly committed transactions, a loss in fair value for those instruments is generally offset by increases in the value of the underlying exposure. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Dell Technologies is primarily exposed to interest rate risk related to its variable-rate debt portfolio and fixed-rate debt which has been converted to variable-rate debt through the use of derivative instruments. As of February 3, 2023, the majority of this risk exposure is related to DFS borrowings. 
 
 DFS debt represents borrowings under securitization programs and structured financing programs that facilitate the funding of leases, loans, and other alternative payment structures. Amounts outstanding under these facilities generally bear interest at variable rates equal to applicable margins plus specified base rates. Interest expense on such borrowings is recognized within interest and other, net whereas interest income on the underlying assets is recognized to net revenue over time. The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows related to the interest rate payments on such borrowings. These contracts are not designated for hedge accounting and mark-to-market adjustments are recognized immediately within interest and other, net. 
 
 Dell Technologies interest rate risk exposure is limited to fluctuations in interest rates on unhedged borrowings where we do not mitigate the interest rate risk through the use of interest rate swaps. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, borrowings exposed to interest rate fluctuations were 5 billion, relative to total borrowings of 29.6 billion, and accrued interest at an annual rate between 2.49 and 6.58 . Based on this debt outstanding as of February 3, 2023, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an increase of approximately 50 million in annual interest expense. 
 
 By comparison, as of January 28, 2022, borrowings exposed to interest rate fluctuations were 3.8 billion relative to total borrowings of 27 billion, and accrued interest at an annual rate between (1.5) and 4.1 . Based on this debt outstanding as of January 28, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an increase of approximately 38 million in annual interest expense. 
 
 For more information about our debt and use of derivative instruments, see Note 6, Note 8, and Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

71 

Table of Contents 

 Transition from LIBOR to Alternative Reference Rates The London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR is the subject of recent regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. As a result of these reforms, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the administrator of LIBOR, ceased publication for the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021 and is expected to begin phasing out the remaining USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. We have completed identification of impacted financial instruments and contracts and have been working to transition such contracts linked to LIBOR to alternative reference rates. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 Strategic Investments Our strategic investments include early-stage, privately-held companies that are considered to be in the start-up or development stages and are inherently risky. The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our initial investment in the companies. We record these investments at cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes. The evaluation is based on information provided by these companies, which are not subject to the same disclosure obligations as U.S. publicly-traded companies, and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data provided. During Fiscal 2023, we recognized a net loss of 206 million on our strategic investments, which was generally in line with overall public equity market declines. As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, we held strategic investments in non-marketable securities of 1.3 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively. 
 
 See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Index 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ID : 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of Febru ary 3 , 202 3 and January 28, 2022 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal yea rs ended Fe bruary 3 , 202 3 , January 28, 2022 , a nd January 29, 2021 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the f iscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022 , and January 29, 2021 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 , January 28, 2022 , and January 29, 2021 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022 , and January 29, 2021 
 81 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 84 
 Note 1 Basis of Presentation 
 84 
 Note 2 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 85 
 Note 3 Discontinued Operations 
 95 
 Note 4 Fair Value Measurements 
 97 
 Note 5 Investments 
 99 
 Note 6 Financial Services 
 101 
 Note 7 Leases 
 109 
 Note 8 Debt 
 111 
 Note 9 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 114 
 Note 10 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 119 
 Note 1 1 Deferred Revenue 
 121 
 Note 1 2 Commitments and Contingencies 
 122 
 Note 1 3 Income and Other Taxes 
 125 
 Note 1 4 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 130 
 Note 1 5 Capitalization 
 132 
 Note 1 6 Earnings Per Share 
 134 
 Note 17 Stock-Based Compensation 
 135 
 Note 18 Retirement Plan Benefits 
 139 
 Note 1 9 Segment Information 
 141 
 Note 20 Supplemental Consolidated Financial Information 
 144 
 Note 21 Related Party Transactions 
 148 
 Note 22 Government Assistance 
 151 
 Note 2 3 Subsequent Events 
 152 

73 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Dell Technologies Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Dell Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 3, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 3, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Identification of Performance Obligations in Revenue Contracts 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s contracts with customers often include the promise to transfer multiple goods and services to a customer. Distinct promises within a contract are referred to as performance obligations and are accounted for as separate units of account. Management assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct for the purpose of identifying the performance obligations in the contract. This assessment involves subjective determinations and requires management to make judgments about the individual promised goods or services and whether such goods or services are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship. The Company s performance obligations include various distinct goods and services such as hardware, software licenses, support and maintenance agreements, and other service offerings and solutions. For the year ended February 3, 2023, a significant portion of the 38.4 billion Infrastructure Solutions Group ISG reportable segment net revenues relate to contracts with multiple performance obligations. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the identification of performance obligations in revenue contracts is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in identifying performance obligations in revenue contracts, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures to evaluate whether performance obligations in revenue contracts were appropriately identified by management. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls related to the proper identification of performance obligations in revenue contracts. These procedures also included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of management s identification of performance obligations by examining revenue contracts on a test basis. 
 
 /s/ 

March 30, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1986. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 (in millions) February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Due from related party, net Short-term financing receivables, net of allowance of and (Note 6) 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Long-term investments Long-term financing receivables, net of allowance of and (Note 6) 
 Goodwill Intangible assets, net Due from related party, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt Accounts payable Due to related party Accrued and other Short-term deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term deferred revenue Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 Stockholders equity (deficit): Common stock and capital in excess of par value (Note 15) 
 Treasury stock at cost ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Dell Technologies Inc. stockholders equity (deficit) ) ) Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except per share amounts 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Net revenue: Products Services Total net revenue Cost of net revenue (a): Products Services Total cost of net revenue Gross margin Operating expenses: Selling, general, and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Operating income Interest and other, net ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (Note 3) 
 Net income Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests of discontinued operations Net income attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. basic: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations (a) Includes related party cost of net revenue as follows (Note 21): 
 Products Services 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow hedges: Change in unrealized gains (losses) ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income ) ) Net change in cash flow hedges ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans: Recognition of actuarial net gains (losses) from pension and other postretirement plans ) Reclassification adjustments for net losses from pension and other postretirement plans Net change in actuarial net gains (losses) from pension and other postretirement plans ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense (benefit) of ), and ), respectively 
 ) ) Comprehensive income, net of tax Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Less: Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive income attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions; continued on next page) 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other, net (a) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable ) ) Financing receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Due from/to related party, net Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue Change in cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of equity and other investments ) ) ) Purchases of held-to-maturity investments ) ) ) Maturities and sales of equity and other investments Capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses and assets, net ) ) ) Divestitures of businesses, net Other Change in cash from investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid by VMware, Inc. to non-controlling interests 
 ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 
 Repurchases of parent common stock (b) 
 ) ) ) Repurchases of subsidiary common stock ) ) ) Net transfer of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to VMware, Inc. ) Payments of dividends to stockholders ) Proceeds from debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Debt-related costs and other, net ) ) ) Change in cash from financing activities ) ) ) 
 ____________________ 
 (a) billion pre-tax gain on the sale of Boomi . 
 (b) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (continued; in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period, including cash attributable to discontinued operations Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period, including cash attributable to discontinued operations Less: Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash attributable to discontinued operations Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash from continuing operations Income tax paid Interest paid 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions; continued on next page 
 
 Common Stock and Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Issued Shares Amount Shares Amount Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Dell Technologies Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balances as of January 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Adjustment for adoption of accounting standards ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Cash flow hedges, net change ) ) ) Pension and other post-retirement ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of shares repurchased for employee tax withholding 
 Stock-based compensation expense Treasury stock repurchases ) ) ) Revaluation of redeemable shares Impact from equity transactions of non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Balances as of January 29, 2021 
 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions; continued on next page 
 Common Stock and Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Issued Shares Amount Shares Amount Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Dell Technologies Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balances as of January 29, 2021 
 ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Cash flow hedges, net change Pension and other post-retirement Issuance of common stock, net of shares repurchased for employee tax withholding 
 Stock-based compensation expense Treasury stock repurchases ) ) ) Revaluation of redeemable shares Impact from equity transactions of non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Dividends paid by VMware, Inc. to non-controlling interests ) ) Spin-off of VMware, Inc. ) ) ) ) Balances as of January 28, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

82 

Table of Contents 

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (continued; in millions 
 
 Common Stock and Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Issued Shares Amount Shares Amount Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Dell Technologies Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Non-Controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balances as of January 28, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges, net change ) ) ) Pension and other post-retirement Issuance of common stock, net of shares repurchased for employee tax withholding 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Treasury stock repurchases ) ) ) Impact from equity transactions of non-controlling interests ) ) Balances as of February 3, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

Spin-Off of VMware, Inc. On November 1, 2021, the Company completed its spin-off of VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW) (individually and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, VMware by means of a special stock dividend (the VMware Spin-off ). The VMware Spin-off was effectuated pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, between Dell Technologies and VMware (the Separation and Distribution Agreement ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Commercial Framework Agreement (the CFA between Dell Technologies and VMware, Dell Technologies continues to act as a distributor of VMware s standalone products and services and purchase such products and services for resale to customers. Dell Technologies also continues to integrate VMware s products and services with Dell Technologies offerings and sell them to customers. The results of such operations are presented as continuing operations within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. 
 
 In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of VMware, excluding Dell Technologies' resale of VMware offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented prior to the completion of the VMware Spin-off. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the VMware Spin-off. 
 
 Boomi Divestiture On October 1, 2021, Dell Technologies completed the sale of Boomi, Inc. Boomi and certain related assets. At the completion of the sale, the Company received total cash consideration of approximately billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on sale of billion recognized in interest and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company ultimately recorded a billion gain, net of billion in tax expense. Prior to the divestiture, Boomi s operating results were included within other businesses and the divestiture did not qualify for presentation as a discontinued operation. 
 
 RSA Security Divestiture On September 1, 2020, Dell Technologies completed the sale of RSA Security LLC RSA Security for total cash consideration of approximately billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on sale of million. The Company ultimately recorded a million loss, net of million in tax expense due to the relatively low tax basis for the assets sold, particularly goodwill. Prior to the divestiture, RSA Security s operating results were included within other businesses and the divestiture did not qualify for presentation as a discontinued operation. 
 
 Secureworks As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, the Company held approximately and , respectively, of the outstanding equity interest in Secureworks, excluding restricted stock awards RSAs ), and approximately and , respectively, of the equity interest, including RSAs. The portion of the results of operations of Secureworks allocable to its other owners is shown as net income (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Income, as an adjustment to net income attributable to Dell Technologies stockholders. The non-controlling interests share of equity in Secureworks is reflected as a component of the non-controlling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and was million and million as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively. 
 
 million in costs associated with exiting the Company s business in Russia, primarily related to asset impairments and other exit related costs. 

84 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 2 

85 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

86 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

portfolios, consisting of (i) fixed-term leases and loans and (ii) revolving loans, and assesses risk at the portfolio level to determine the appropriate allowance levels. The portfolio segments are further segregated into classes based on products, customer type, and credit risk evaluation: (i) Revolving Dell Preferred Account DPA (ii) Revolving Dell Business Credit DBC and (iii) Fixed-term Consumer and Commercial. Fixed-term leases and loans are offered to qualified small and medium-sized businesses, large commercial accounts, governmental organizations, and educational entities. Fixed-term loans are also offered to qualified individual consumers. Revolving loans are offered under private label credit financing programs. The DPA revolving loan programs are primarily offered to individual consumers and the DBC revolving loan programs are primarily offered to small and medium-sized business customers. 
 
 The Company retains a residual interest in equipment leased under its fixed-term lease programs. The amount of the residual interest is established at the inception of the lease based upon estimates of the value of the equipment at the end of the lease term using historical studies, industry data, and future value-at-risk demand valuation methods. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

- years 
 Equipment under operating leases Term of underlying lease contract Buildings and building improvements - years or term of underlying land lease 
 Leasehold improvements years or contract term 
 Machinery and equipment - years 

Gains or losses related to retirements or dispositions of fixed assets are recognized in the period during which the retirement or disposition occurs. 
 
 . 
 
 As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, capitalized software development costs were million and million, respectively, and are included in other non-current assets, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Amortization expense for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 . Costs associated with maintenance and minor enhancements to the features and functionality of the Company s internal use software are expensed as incurred. 

88 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company s derivative financial instrument activities. 

89 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

90 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

91 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 . Amortization expense is recognized on a straight-line basis and included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 The Company periodically reviews these deferred costs to determine whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that could impact the carrying value or period of benefit of the deferred sales commissions. There were no material impairment losses for deferred costs to obtain a contract during the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021. 
 
 Deferred costs to obtain a contract as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 were million and million, respectively. Deferred costs to obtain a contract are classified as current assets and other non-current assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, based on when the expense is expected to be recognized. Amortization of costs to obtain a contract during the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 . Factors that affect the Company s warranty liabilities include the number of installed units currently under warranty, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims on those units, and cost per claim to satisfy the Company s warranty obligation. The anticipated rate of warranty claims is the primary factor impacting the estimated warranty obligation. The other factors are less significant due to the fact that the average remaining aggregate warranty period of the covered installed base is approximately months, repair parts are generally already in stock or available at pre-determined prices, and labor rates are generally arranged at 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

billion, billion, and billion, respectively. General and administrative expenses include items for the Company s administrative functions, such as finance, legal, human resources, and information technology support. These functions include costs for items such as salaries and benefits and other personnel-related costs, maintenance and supplies, outside services, intangible asset amortization, and depreciation expense. 

93 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

94 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 3 
 
 shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock of VMware to Dell Technologies stockholders of record as of October 29, 2021. 
 
 Prior to receipt of the VMware common stock by the Company s stockholders, each share of VMware Class B common stock automatically converted into share of VMware Class A common stock. As a result of these transactions, each holder of record of shares of Dell Technologies common stock as of the distribution record date received approximately of a share of VMware Class A common stock for each share of Dell Technologies common stock held as of such date, based on shares outstanding as of the completion of the VMware Spin-off. Following completion of the transaction, the pre-transaction stockholders of Dell Technologies owned shares in two separate public companies, consisting of (1) VMware, which continues to own the businesses of VMware, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and (2) Dell Technologies, which continues to own Dell Technologies other businesses and subsidiaries. After the separation, Dell Technologies does not beneficially own any shares of VMware common stock. 
 
 VMware paid a cash dividend, pro rata, to each of the holders of VMware common stock in an aggregate amount equal to billion, of which Dell Technologies received billion. Following the payment by VMware to its stockholders, the separation of VMware from Dell Technologies occurred, including the termination or settlement of certain intercompany accounts and intercompany contracts. Dell Technologies used the net proceeds from its pro rata share of the cash dividend to repay a portion of its outstanding debt. 
 
 Dell Technologies determined that the VMware Spin-off, and related distributions, qualified as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which required significant judgment by management. In making these determinations, Dell Technologies applied U.S. federal tax law to relevant facts and circumstances and obtained a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, a tax opinion, and other external tax advice related to the concluded tax treatment. If the completed transactions were to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company could be subject to significant liabilities, which could have material adverse impacts on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future reporting periods. 
 
 In connection with and upon completion of the VMware Spin-off, Dell Technologies and VMware entered into various agreements that provide a framework for the relationship between the companies after the transaction, including, among others, a commercial framework agreement, a tax matters agreement, and a transition services agreement. 
 
 The CFA referred to in Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements provides a framework under which the Company and VMware will continue their commercial relationship after the transaction, particularly with respect to projects mutually agreed by the parties as having the potential to accelerate the growth of an industry, product, service, or platform that may provide one or both companies with a strategic market opportunity. The CFA has an initial term of , with automatic renewals occurring annually thereafter, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 
 Pursuant to the CFA, Dell Technologies continues to act as a distributor of VMware s standalone products and services and purchases such products and services for resale to end-user customers. Dell Technologies also continues to integrate VMware s products and services with Dell Technologies offerings and sell them to end users. Cash flows between Dell Technologies and VMware primarily relate to such transactions. The Company has determined that it is generally acting as principal in these arrangements. The results of such operations are classified as continuing operations within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding transactions between Dell Technologies and VMware. 
 
 In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of VMware, excluding Dell Technologies resale of VMware offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2022 and January 29, 2021. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations. 

95 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Cost of net revenue ) ) Operating expenses Interest and other, net Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax expense Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
 ____________________ 
 The table above reflects the offsetting effects of historical intercompany transactions which are presented on a gross basis within continuing operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Capital expenditures Stock-based compensation expense 

96 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 4 
 
 Marketable equity and other securities Derivative instruments Total assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments Total liabilities 
 
 The following section describes the valuation methodologies the Company uses to measure financial instruments at fair value: 

million and million as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively, and are included in other assets and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The net impact to the Consolidated Statements of Income is not material since changes in the fair value of the assets substantially offset changes in the fair value of the liabilities. As such, assets and liabilities associated with these plans have not been included in the recurring fair value table above. 

97 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, the Company held strategic investments in non-marketable equity and other securities of billion and billion, respectively. As these investments represent early-stage companies without readily determinable fair values, they are not included in the recurring fair value table above. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our strategic investments. 
 
 Legacy Notes and Debentures DFS Debt 
 
 The fair values of the outstanding debt shown in the table above were determined based on observable market prices in a less active market or based on valuation methodologies using observable inputs and were categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

98 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 5 
 
 billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Equity and Other Securities 
 
 Equity and other securities include strategic investments in marketable and non-marketable securities. Investments in marketable securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company has elected to apply the measurement alternative for non-marketable securities. Under the alternative, the Company measures investments without readily determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes. The Company makes a separate election to use the alternative for each eligible investment and is required to reassess at each reporting period whether an investment qualifies for the alternative. In evaluating these investments for impairment or observable price changes, the Company uses inputs including pre- and post-money valuations of recent financing events and the impact of those events on its fully diluted ownership percentages, as well as other available information regarding the issuer s historical and forecasted performance. 
 
 Carrying Value of Equity and Other Securities 
 
 ) ) Non-marketable ) ) Total equity and other securities ) ) 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Unrealized loss ) ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) ) Non-marketable securities: Unrealized gain Unrealized loss ) ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) (a) (b) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on equity and other securities ) ____________________ 
 (a) For the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, net unrealized losses on non-marketable securities were primarily attributable to the recognition of impairments on equity and other securities, which were generally in line with extended public equity market declines. In evaluating these investments for impairment, the Company used inputs including pre- and post-money valuations of recent financing events and the impact of those events on its fully diluted ownership percentages, as well as other available information regarding the issuer s historical and forecasted performance. 

Fixed Income Debt Securities 
 
 The Company has fixed income debt securities carried at amortized cost which are held as collateral for borrowings. The Company intends to hold the investments to maturity. As of the balance sheet dates presented, the Company holds million in fixed income debt securities which will mature within one year and million in fixed income debt securities which will mature within two to five years. 
 
 ) ) 

100 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 6 
 
 billion, billion, and billion for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company s lease and loan arrangements with customers are aggregated primarily into the following categories: 
 
 Revolving loans Revolving loans offered under private label credit financing programs provide qualified customers with a revolving credit line for the purchase of products and services offered by Dell Technologies. These private label credit financing programs are referred to as Dell Preferred Account DPA and Dell Business Credit DBC ). The DPA product is primarily offered to individual consumer customers, and the DBC product is primarily offered to small and medium-sized commercial customers. Revolving loans in the United States bear interest at a variable annual percentage rate that is tied to the prime rate. Based on historical payment patterns, revolving loan transactions are typically repaid within on average. Due to the short-term nature of the revolving loan portfolio, the carrying value of the portfolio approximates fair value. 
 
 Fixed-term leases and loans The Company enters into financing arrangements with customers who seek lease financing for equipment. DFS leases are generally classified as sales-type leases or operating leases. Leases with business customers have fixed terms of generally two to . 
 
 The Company also offers fixed-term loans to qualified small businesses, large commercial accounts, governmental organizations, educational entities, and certain individual consumer customers. These loans are repaid in equal payments including interest and have defined terms of generally three to . The fair value of the fixed-term loan portfolio is determined using market observable inputs. The carrying value of these loans approximates fair value. 
 
 Flexible consumption models, as defined above, enable the Company to offer its customers the option to pay over time to provide them with financial flexibility to meet their changing technological requirements. Such models may result in identification of embedded lease arrangements that lead to the recognition of operating or sales-type leases. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Allowances for losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Customer receivables, net Residual interest Financing receivables, net Short-term Long-term 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Customer receivables, gross include amounts due from customers under revolving loans, fixed-term loans, fixed-term sales-type or direct financing leases, and accrued interest. 
 
 Adjustment for adoption of accounting standard (Note 2) Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Provision charged to income statement Balances as of January 29, 2021 Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Provision charged to income statement ) ) ) Balances as of January 28, 2022 Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Provision charged to income statement Balances as of February 2, 2023 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Revolving DBC Fixed-term Consumer and Commercial Total customer receivables, gross 
 
 Aging is likely to fluctuate as a result of the variability in volume of large transactions entered into over the period, and the administrative processes that accompany those transactions. Aging is also impacted by the timing of the Company s fiscal period end date relative to calendar month-end customer payment due dates. As a result of these factors, fluctuations in aging from period to period do not necessarily indicate a material change in the collectibility of the portfolio. The increase in past-due amounts as of February 3, 2023 is primarily attributable to the timing of the Company s fiscal period end date relative to calendar month-end customer payment due dates. 
 
 Fixed-term consumer and commercial customer receivables are placed on non-accrual status if principal or interest is past due and considered delinquent, or if there is concern about the collectibility of a specific customer receivable. The receivables identified as doubtful for collectibility may be classified as current for aging purposes. Aged revolving portfolio customer receivables identified as delinquent are charged off. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Mid Lower Total 
 
 January 28, 2022 Fixed-term Consumer and Commercial Fiscal Year of Origination 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Years Prior Revolving DPA Revolving DBC Total (in millions) Higher Mid Lower Total 
 
 The categories shown in the tables above segregate customer receivables based on the relative degrees of credit risk. The credit quality indicators for DPA revolving accounts are measured primarily as of each quarter-end date, while all other indicators are generally updated on a periodic basis. 
 
 For DPA revolving receivables shown in the table above, the Company makes credit decisions based on proprietary scorecards, which include the customer s credit history, payment history, credit usage, and other credit agency-related elements. The higher quality category includes prime accounts generally comparable to U.S. customer FICO scores of 720 or above. The mid category represents the mid-tier accounts that are comparable to U.S. customer FICO scores from 660 to 719. The lower category is generally sub-prime and represents accounts that are comparable to U.S. customer FICO scores below 660. For the DBC revolving receivables and fixed-term commercial receivables shown in the table above, an internal grading system is utilized that assigns a credit level score based on a number of considerations, including liquidity, operating performance, and industry outlook. The grading criteria and classifications for the fixed-term products differ from those for the revolving products as loss experience varies between these product and customer groups. The credit quality categories cannot be compared between the different classes as loss experience varies substantially between the classes. 

104 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Cost of net revenue products 
 Gross margin products 

Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 and beyond Total undiscounted cash flows Fixed-term loans Revolving loans Less: Unearned income ) Total customer receivables, gross 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 The Company s operating leases primarily consist of DFS captive fixed-term leases and contractually committed embedded leases identified within flexible consumption arrangements. 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Equipment under operating lease, net 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Depreciation expense 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 and beyond Total 
 
 DFS Debt 
 
 The Company maintains programs that facilitate the funding of leases, loans, and other alternative payment structures in the capital markets. 
 Fixed-term securitization offerings Other Total DFS U.S. debt DFS international debt: Securitization facility Other borrowings Note payable Dell Bank senior unsecured eurobonds Total DFS international debt Total DFS debt Total short-term DFS debt Total long-term DFS debt 

106 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion. The Company enters into interest swap agreements to effectively convert a portion of this debt from a floating rate to a fixed rate. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about interest rate swaps. 
 
 The Company s U.S. securitization facility for revolving loans is effective through June 25, 2025. The Company s U.S. asset-based financing facilities for fixed-term leases and loans are effective through July 10, 2023 and June 21, 2024, respectively. The Company intends to extend the facility currently effective through July 10, 2023. 
 
 The asset-based financing and securitization facilities contain standard structural features related to the performance of the funded receivables, which include defined credit losses, delinquencies, average credit scores, and minimum collection requirements. In the event one or more of these criteria are not met and the Company is unable to restructure the facility, no further funding of receivables will be permitted and the timing of the Company s expected cash flows from over-collateralization will be delayed. As of February 3, 2023, these criteria were met. 
 
 Fixed-Term Securitization Offerings The Company periodically issues asset-backed debt securities under fixed-term securitization programs to private investors. The asset-backed debt securities are collateralized solely by the U.S. fixed-term leases and loans in the offerings, which are held by Special Purpose Entities SPEs ), as discussed below. The interest rate on these securities is fixed and ranges from to per annum, and the duration of these securities is based on the terms of the underlying lease and loan payment streams. 
 
 DFS International Debt 
 
 Securitization Facility The Company maintains a securitization facility in Europe for fixed-term leases and loans. The debt under this facility has a variable interest rate, and the duration of the debt is based on the terms of the underlying loan and lease payment streams. This facility is effective through December 23, 2024 and had a total debt capacity of million as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 The securitization facility contains standard structural features related to the performance of the securitized receivables, which include defined credit losses, delinquencies, average credit scores, and minimum collection requirements. In the event one or more of these criteria are not met and the Company is unable to restructure the program, no further funding of receivables will be permitted and the timing of the Company s expected cash flows from over-collateralization will be delayed. As of February 3, 2023, these criteria were met. 
 
 Other Borrowings In connection with the Company s international financing operations, the Company has entered into revolving structured financing debt programs related to its fixed-term lease and loan products sold in Canada, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. The debt under these programs has a variable interest rate, and the duration of the debt is based on the terms of the underlying loan and lease payment streams. The Canadian facility, which is collateralized solely by Canadian loan and lease payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of million as of February 3, 2023 and is effective through January 16, 2025. The European facility, which is collateralized solely by European loan and lease payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of million as of February 3, 2023 and is effective through June 14, 2025. The Australia and New Zealand facility, which is collateralized solely by Australia and New Zealand loan and lease payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of million as of February 3, 2023 and is effective through April 20, 2023. 
 
 Note Payable On May 25, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured credit agreement to fund receivables in Mexico. As of February 3, 2023, the aggregate principal amount of the note payable was million. The note bears interest at an annual rate of and will mature on May 31, 2024. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million Euro of senior unsecured eurobonds due June 2024. On October 27, 2021, Dell Bank issued million Euro of senior unsecured eurobonds due October 2026. On October 18, 2022, Dell Bank issued million Euro of senior unsecured eurobonds due October 2027. The issuances of the senior unsecured eurobonds support the expansion of the financing operations in Europe. 
 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 
 In connection with the asset-based financing facilities, securitization facilities, and fixed-term securitization offerings discussed above, the Company transfers certain U.S. and European lease and loan payments and associated equipment to SPEs that meet the definition of a VIE and are consolidated, along with the associated debt described above, into the Consolidated Financial Statements, as the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. The SPEs are bankruptcy-remote legal entities with separate assets and liabilities. The purpose of the SPEs is to facilitate the funding of customer loan and lease payments and associated equipment in the capital markets. 
 
 Some of the SPEs have entered into financing arrangements with multi-seller conduits that, in turn, issue asset-backed debt securities in the capital markets. DFS debt outstanding held by the consolidated VIEs is collateralized by the lease and loan payments and associated equipment. The Company s risk of loss related to securitized receivables is limited to the amount by which the Company s right to receive collections for assets securitized exceeds the amount required to pay interest, principal, and fees and expenses related to the asset-backed securities. The Company provides credit enhancement to the securitization in the form of over-collateralization. 
 
 Financing receivables, net of allowance Short-term Long-term Property, plant, and equipment, net Liabilities held by consolidated VIEs Debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Short-term Long-term 
 
 Lease and loan payments and associated equipment transferred via securitization through SPEs were billion and billion for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Customer Receivable Sales 
 
 To manage certain concentrations of customer credit exposure, the Company may sell selected fixed-term customer receivables to unrelated third parties on a periodic basis, without recourse. The amount of customer receivables sold for this purpose was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. The Company s continuing involvement in these customer receivables is primarily limited to servicing arrangements. 

108 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 7 
 
 to approximately . As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, there were no material finance leases for which the Company was a lessee. 
 
 The Company also enters into leasing transactions in which the Company is the lessor, primarily through customer financing arrangements offered through DFS. DFS originates leases that are primarily classified as either sales-type leases or operating leases. See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Company s lessor arrangements. 
 
 Variable costs Total lease costs 
 
 During the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, sublease income, finance lease costs, and short-term lease costs were immaterial. 
 
 The following table presents supplemental information related to operating leases included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of the dates indicated: 
 Classification February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 (in millions, except for term and discount rate) Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Current operating lease liabilities Accrued and other current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 

109 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities - operating cash outflows from operating leases from discontinued operations was million for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total Current operating lease liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, the Company s undiscounted operating leases that had not yet commenced were immaterial. 

110 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 8 
 
 due June 2023 
 due July 2024 
 due July 2025 
 due June 2026 
 due October 2026 
 due July 2027 
 due February 2028 
 due October 2029 
 due July 2030 
 due February 2033 
 due July 2036 
 due December 2041 
 due July 2046 
 due December 2051 
 Legacy Notes and Debentures: due April 2028 
 due April 2038 
 due September 2040 
 DFS Debt (Note 6) 
 Other Total debt, principal amount Unamortized discount, net of unamortized premium ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt, carrying value Total short-term debt, carrying value Total long-term debt, carrying value 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Senior Note Issuance 
 
 On January 24, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of billion. In the public offering, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2028 and billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2033. Interest on these borrowings is payable semiannually. The Company intends to utilize the proceeds of the issued senior notes to repay the senior notes due June 2023 and to utilize the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes, including repayment of other debt. 
 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 
 On July 18, 2022, the Company established a commercial paper program under which the Company may issue unsecured notes in a maximum aggregate face amount of billion outstanding at any time, with maturities up to days from the date of issuance. The notes will be sold on customary terms in the U.S. commercial paper market on a private placement basis. The proceeds of the notes will be used for general corporate purposes. As of February 3, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program. Commercial paper issuances and repayments with maturities of days or less are presented on a net basis within cash flows from financing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

111 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion, billion, billion, billion, and billion, respectively (together with the registered senior notes subsequently issued in exchange and the senior notes issued on January 24, 2023, the Senior Notes ). Interest on these borrowings is payable semiannually. 
 
 In June 2021, Dell International L.L.C. and EMC Corporation, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dell Technologies Inc. and issuers of the Senior Notes (the Issuers ), completed an offer to exchange any and all outstanding Senior Notes issued on June 1, 2016, March 20, 2019, and April 9, 2020 for senior notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933 having terms substantially identical to the terms of the outstanding Senior Notes. The Issuers issued billion aggregate principal amount of registered Senior Notes in exchange for the same aggregate principal amount of unregistered Senior Notes. The aggregate principal amount of unregistered Senior Notes remaining outstanding following the settlement of the exchange offer was approximately billion. 
 
 Legacy Notes and Debentures The Company has outstanding unsecured notes and debentures (collectively, the Legacy Notes and Debentures that were issued by Dell Inc. Dell ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies Inc., prior to the acquisition of Dell by Dell Technologies Inc. in the going-private transaction that closed in October 2013. Interest on these borrowings is payable semiannually. 
 
 DFS Debt See Note 6 and Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively, for discussion of DFS debt and the interest rate swap agreements that hedge a portion of that debt. 
 
 2021 Revolving Credit Facility As of February 3, 2023, the Company s revolving credit facility, which was entered into on November 1, 2021 (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility ), matures on November 1, 2027. This facility provides the Company with revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount of billion as of February 3, 2023 for general corporate purposes, including liquidity support for the Company s commercial paper program, and includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to billion and a swing-line loan sub-facility of up to billion. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility also allows the Company to obtain incremental additional commitments on one or more occasions in minimum amounts of million. 
 
 Borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus, at the borrowers option, either (a) the specified adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or (b) a base rate. The margin applicable to SOFR and base rate borrowings varies based upon the Company s existing date ratings. The base rate is calculated based upon the greatest of the specified prime rate, the specified federal reserve bank rate, or SOFR plus . The borrowers may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility at any time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, available borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility totaled billion. 
 
 The Company may purchase, redeem, prepay, refinance, or otherwise retire any amount of outstanding indebtedness under the terms of such indebtedness at any time and from time to time, in open market or negotiated transactions with the holders of such indebtedness or otherwise, as considered appropriate in light of market conditions and other relevant factors. 
 
 Covenants The credit agreement governing the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Senior Notes and the Legacy Notes and Debentures impose various limitations, subject to exceptions, on creating certain liens and entering into sale and lease-back transactions. The foregoing credit agreement and indentures contain customary events of default, including failure to make required payments, failure to comply with covenants, and the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility is also subject to an interest coverage ratio covenant that is tested at the end of each fiscal quarter with respect to the Company s preceding four fiscal quarters. The Company was in compliance with this financial covenant as of February 3, 2023. 

112 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Legacy Notes and Debentures DFS Debt Other Total maturities, principal amount Associated carrying value adjustments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total maturities, carrying value amount 

113 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 9 

Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 The Company uses foreign currency forward and option contracts designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in its forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Hedge accounting is applied based upon the criteria established by accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. The risk of loss associated with purchased options is limited to premium amounts paid for the option contracts. The risk of loss associated with forward contracts is equal to the exchange rate differential from the time the contract is entered into until the time it is settled. The majority of these contracts typically expire in or less. 
 
 During the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, the Company did not discontinue any cash flow hedges related to foreign exchange contracts that had a material impact on the Company s results of operations due to the probability that the forecasted cash flows would not occur. 
 
 The Company uses forward contracts to hedge monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency. These contracts generally expire in or less, are considered economic hedges, and are not designated for hedge accounting. The change in the fair value of these instruments represents a natural hedge as their gains and losses offset the changes in the underlying fair value of the monetary assets and liabilities due to movements in currency exchange rates. 
 
 In connection with DFS operations in Europe, forward contracts are used to hedge financing receivables denominated in foreign currencies other than Euro. These contracts are not designated for hedge accounting and most expire within or less. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows related to the interest rate payments on structured financing debt. The interest rate swaps economically convert the variable rate on the structured financing debt to a fixed interest rate to match the underlying fixed rate being received on fixed-term customer leases and loans. These contracts are not designated for hedge accounting and most expire within or less. 
 
 Interest rate swaps are utilized to manage the interest rate risk, at a portfolio level, associated with DFS operations in Europe. The interest rate swaps economically convert the fixed rate on financing receivables to a three-month Euribor floating rate in order to match the floating rate nature of the banks funding pool. The Company also uses interest rate swaps to manage the cash flows related to interest payments on Eurobonds. The interest rate swaps economically convert the fixed rate on its bonds to a floating rate to match the underlying lease repayments profile. None of these contracts are designated for hedge accounting and most expire within or less. 
 
 The Company utilizes cross-currency amortizing swaps to hedge the currency and interest rate risk exposure associated with the European securitization program. The cross-currency swaps combine a Euro-based interest rate swap with a British Pound or U.S. Dollar foreign exchange forward contract in which the Company pays a fixed or floating British Pound or U.S. Dollar amount and receives a fixed or floating amount in Euros linked to the one-month Euribor. The notional value of the swaps amortizes in line with the expected cash flows and run-off of the securitized assets. The swaps are not designated for hedge accounting and expire within or less. 

114 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps perfectly offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in the underlying benchmark interest rate. During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the cumulative amount of fair value hedge accounting adjustments was immaterial. These contracts expire within . 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 Non-designated as hedging instruments Total Interest rate contracts: Designated as fair value hedging instruments Non-designated as hedging instruments Total 

115 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Foreign exchange contracts Total cost of net revenue ) Total Total For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022: Total net revenue Total cost of net revenue ) Foreign exchange contracts Income from discontinued operations Total Total For the fiscal year ended January 29, 2021 Total net revenue ) Total cost of net revenue Foreign exchange contracts ) Income from discontinued operations ) Total ) Total ) ) Interest and other, net Interest rate contracts ) Interest and other, net Foreign exchange contracts ) Income from discontinued operations Total ) ) 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position ) ) ) Interest rate contracts in an asset position Interest rate contracts in a liability position ) ) Net asset (liability) ) ) ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts in an asset position Interest rate contracts in a liability position ) ) Net asset (liability) ) ) ) Total derivatives at fair value ) ) ) January 28, 2022 Other Current Assets Other Non- Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Non-Current Liabilities Total Fair Value (in millions) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position ) ) ) Net asset Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts in an asset position Interest rate contracts in a liability position ) ) Net asset (liability) ) ) ) Total derivatives at fair value ) ) 

117 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) Financial liabilities ) ) ) Total derivative instruments ) ) ) January 28, 2022 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets/ (Liabilities) Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Assets/ (Liabilities) Presented in the Statement of Financial Position Gross Amounts not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amount of Assets/ (Liabilities) Recognized in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received or Pledged (in millions) Derivative instruments: Financial assets ) Financial liabilities ) ) ) Total derivative instruments 

118 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 10 
 
 Impact of foreign currency translation ) ) Goodwill divested ) ) Balances as of January 28, 2022 Goodwill acquired Impact of foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balances as of February 3, 2023 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 ) ) Developed technology ) ) Trade names ) ) Definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived trade names Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets was billion, billion, and billion for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. There were material impairment charges related to intangible assets during the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021. 

119 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairment Testing 
 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually during the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or circumstances may indicate that an impairment has occurred. 
 
 For the annual impairment review during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company elected to bypass the assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. In electing to bypass the qualitative assessment, the Company proceeded directly to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test to measure the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit relative to its carrying amount, and to determine the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any. 
 
 Management exercised significant judgment related to the above assessment, including the identification of goodwill reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to goodwill reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit. The fair value of each goodwill reporting unit is generally estimated using a combination of public company multiples and discounted cash flow methodologies. The discounted cash flow and public company multiples methodologies require significant judgment, including estimation of future revenues, gross margins, and operating expenses, which are dependent on internal forecasts, current and anticipated economic conditions and trends, selection of market multiples through assessment of the reporting unit s performance relative to peer competitors, the estimation of the long-term revenue growth rate and discount rate of the Company s business, and the determination of the Company s weighted average cost of capital. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the goodwill reporting unit, potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge. 
 
 The fair value of the indefinite-lived trade names is generally estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies. These methodologies require significant judgment, including estimation of future revenue, the estimation of the long-term revenue growth rate of the Company s business and the determination of the Company s weighted average cost of capital and royalty rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge. 
 
 Based on the results of the annual impairment test performed during the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the fair values of each of the reporting units exceeded their carrying values. No goodwill impairment test was performed during the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 other than the Company s annual impairment review. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 11 
 
 Revenue deferrals Revenue recognized ) ) Other (a) ) ) Deferred revenue at end of period Short-term deferred revenue Long-term deferred revenue 
 ____________________ 
 (a) For the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, Other represents the reclassification of deferred revenue to accrued and other liabilities. For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, Other consists of divested deferred revenue from the sale of Boomi. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about the divestiture of Boomi. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations not delivered, or partially undelivered, as of the end of the reporting period. Remaining performance obligations include deferred revenue plus unbilled amounts not yet recorded in deferred revenue. The value of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations as of February 3, 2023 was approximately billion. The Company expects to recognize approximately of remaining performance obligations as revenue in the next , and the remainder thereafter. 
 
 The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations does not include amounts owed under cancelable contracts where there is no substantive termination penalty. The Company applied the practical expedient to exclude the value of remaining performance obligations for contracts for which revenue is recognized at the amount to which the Company has the right to invoice for services performed. 
 
 Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations, changes in the scope of contracts, periodic revalidation, adjustments for revenue that have not materialized, and adjustments for currency. 

121 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 12 
 
 billion for Fiscal 2024; billion for Fiscal 2025; billion for Fiscal 2026; billion for Fiscal 2027; billion for Fiscal 2028; and thereafter. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 The Company is involved in various claims, suits, assessments, investigations, and legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, including those identified below, consisting of matters involving consumer, antitrust, tax, intellectual property, and other issues on a global basis. Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement referred to below, Dell Technologies shares responsibility with VMware for certain matters, as indicated below, and VMware has agreed to indemnify Dell Technologies in whole or in part with respect to certain matters. 
 
 The Company accrues a liability when it believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and that it can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. The Company reviews these accruals at least quarterly and adjusts them to reflect ongoing negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other relevant information. To the extent new information is obtained and the Company s views on the probable outcomes of claims, suits, assessments, investigations, or legal proceedings change, changes in the Company s accrued liabilities are recorded in the period in which such a determination is made. For some matters, the incurrence of a liability is not probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated and therefore accruals have not been made. 
 
 The following is a discussion of the Company s significant legal matters and other proceedings: 
 
 Class Actions Related to the Class V Transaction On December 28, 2018, the Company completed a transaction (the Class V transaction in which it paid billion in cash and issued shares of its Class C Common Stock to holders of its Class V Common Stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of Class V Common Stock. As a result of the Class V transaction, the tracking stock feature of the Company s capital structure associated with the Class V Common Stock was terminated. In November 2018, purported stockholders brought putative class action complaints arising out of the Class V transaction. The actions were captioned Hallandale Beach Police and Fire Retirement Plan v. Michael Dell et al. (Civil Action No. 2018-0816-JTL), Howard Karp v. Michael Dell et al. (Civil Action No. 2019-0032-JTL), Miramar Police Officers Retirement Plan v. Michael Dell et al. (Civil Action No. 2019-0049-JTL), and Steamfitters Local 449 Pension Plan v. Michael Dell et al. (Civil Action No. 2019-0115-JTL). The four actions were consolidated in the Delaware Chancery Court into In Re Dell Class V Litigation (Consol. C.A. No. 2018-0816-JTL). The suit currently names as defendants Michael S. Dell and certain of the other directors serving on the Board of Directors at the time of the Class V transaction, certain stockholders of the Company, consisting of Michael S. Dell and Silver Lake Group LLC and certain of its affiliated funds, and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), which served as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Class V transaction. In an amended complaint filed in August 2019, the plaintiffs generally allege that the director and stockholder defendants breached their fiduciary duties under Delaware law to the former holders of Class V Common Stock in connection with the Class V transaction by offering a transaction value that was allegedly billions of dollars below the fair value. The plaintiffs contend that the offer understated the value of shares surrendered by the former stockholders, which the plaintiffs allege should have reflected higher alternative valuations, including a valuation related to the value of the shares of VMware, Inc. common stock, and that the difference in values was wrongfully appropriated by the stockholder defendants. On August 20, 2021, the plaintiffs added Goldman Sachs as a defendant and allege that it aided and abetted the alleged primary violations. The Company is not a defendant in this action but is subject to director indemnification provisions under its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and is a party to agreements with the defendants that contain indemnification obligations of the Company, conditioned on the satisfaction of the requirements set forth in such agreements, relating to service as a director, ownership of the Company s securities, and provision of services, as applicable. In the complaint, the plaintiffs seek, among other remedies, a judicial declaration that the director and stockholder defendants breached their fiduciary duties. The plaintiffs also seek in the complaint disgorgement of all profits, benefits, and other compensation obtained by the defendants as a result of such alleged conduct and an award of unspecified damages, fees, and costs. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the action in September 2019. The court denied the motion in June 2020. The plaintiffs and the defendants agreed to settle this 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion (the settlement amount ), which amount will include all costs, expenses and fees of the plaintiff class relating to the action and its resolution. The settlement terms provide that it is a condition of the settlement that the settlement amount will be paid by the Company and/or the Company s insurers on behalf of the defendants pursuant to indemnification obligations of the Company to the defendants. A special committee of the Company s board of directors composed of directors who are not defendants, advised by independent counsel, has informed the board of directors that the committee has determined that the director defendants and the stockholder defendants are entitled to such indemnification. The Company is subject to indemnification obligations pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the terms of the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and agreements with the defendants. The settlement is conditioned on final approval of the settlement by the court. If the court does not grant final approval of the settlement and all of its material terms, or the settlement does not otherwise become final or effective, proceedings in the action will continue. The hearing for final approval of the settlement is scheduled for April 19, 2023. During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company established a billion liability on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and recognized billion expense within interest and other, net within the Consolidated Statements of Income related to the settlement agreement. The Company expects to recover million in insurance proceeds related to the settlement agreement, with cash proceeds to be received upon payment of the settlement. The Company accounted for the expected insurance proceeds as a loss recovery and recognized a benefit within interest and other, net within the Consolidated Statements of Income and corresponding receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Pending final approval of the settlement by the court, payment would be made in the Company s second quarter of Fiscal 2024. 
 
 Other Litigation Dell does not currently anticipate that any of the other various legal proceedings it is involved in will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, the Company provides disclosures of matters where it is at least reasonably possible that the Company could experience a material loss exceeding the amounts already accrued for these or other proceedings or matters. In addition, the Company also discloses matters based on its consideration of other matters and qualitative factors, including the experience of other companies in the industry, and investor, customer, and employee relations considerations. As of February 3, 2023, the Company does not believe there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss exceeding the amounts already accrued for these or other proceedings or matters has been incurred. However, since the ultimate resolution of any such proceedings and matters is inherently unpredictable, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially affected in any particular period by unfavorable outcomes in one or more of these proceedings or matters. Whether the outcome of any claim, suit, assessment, investigation, or legal proceeding, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows will depend on a number of factors, including the nature, timing, and amount of any associated expenses, amounts paid in settlement, damages, or other remedies or consequences. 
 
 Indemnifications Obligations 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various contracts under which it may agree to indemnify other parties for losses incurred from certain events as defined in the relevant contract, such as litigation, regulatory penalties, or claims relating to past performance. Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, payments related to these indemnification obligations have not been material to the Company. 
 
 Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement described in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Dell Technologies has agreed to indemnify VMware, Inc., each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, and employees from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to Dell Technologies as part of the separation of Dell Technologies and VMware and their respective businesses as a result of the VMware Spin-off (the Separation ). VMware similarly has agreed to indemnify Dell Technologies Inc., each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, and employees from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to VMware as part of the Separation. Dell Technologies expects VMware to fully perform under the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement. 

123 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

billion and billion as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively. The Company offset its corresponding payables against billion and billion of such receivables as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively. The portion of receivables not offset is included in other current assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

124 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 13 
 
 ) State/local ) Foreign Current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State/local ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Deferred ) ) ) Income tax expense ) Foreign Income before income taxes 

125 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Tax impact of foreign operations ) ) Change in valuation allowance U.S. tax audit settlement ) Non-deductible transaction-related costs Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) U.S. R D tax credits ) ) ) Legal entity restructuring ) RSA Security divestiture Class V transaction litigation settlement Other Total 
 
 Changes to the Company s effective tax rates for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 were primarily driven by items discrete to those years. The Company s effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 includes the impact of a billion expense recognized in connection with an agreement to settle the Class V transaction litigation. The Company s effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022 includes tax expense of billion on a pre-tax gain of billion related to the divestiture of Boomi during the period, as well as tax benefits of million on billion of debt extinguishment fees and million related to the restructuring of certain legal entities. 
 
 Other changes to the Company s effective income tax rates for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 as compared to January 28, 2022 were attributable to the tax impact of foreign operations, which included the impacts of higher jurisdictional mix of income in lower tax jurisdictions and higher tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income offset by the impact of the capitalization of research and development costs under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted on December 22, 2017, research and development costs incurred for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021 must be capitalized and amortized ratably over five or 15 years for tax purposes, depending on where the research activities were conducted. 
 
 The differences between the Company s effective income tax rates and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 principally result from the geographical distribution of income, differences between the book and tax treatment of certain items, and the tax items discussed above. In certain jurisdictions, the Company s tax rate is significantly less than the applicable statutory rate as a result of tax holidays. The majority of the Company s foreign income that is subject to these tax holidays is attributable to Singapore and China. A significant portion of these income tax benefits relates to a tax holiday that will be effective until January 31, 2029. The Company s other tax holidays will expire in whole or in part during fiscal years 2030 through 2031. Many of these tax holidays and reduced tax rates may be extended when certain conditions are met or may be terminated early if certain conditions are not met or as a result of changes in tax legislation. As of February 3, 2023, the Company was not aware of any matters of noncompliance related to these tax holidays or enacted tax legislative changes affecting these tax holidays. For the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, the income tax benefits attributable to the tax status of the affected subsidiaries were estimated to be approximately million per share), million per share), and million per share), respectively. These income tax benefits are included in tax impact of foreign operations in the table above. 

126 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion that remain indefinitely reinvested, and as such has not recognized a deferred tax liability. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these undistributed earnings is not practicable. 
 
 Provisions for product returns and doubtful accounts Credit carryforwards Loss carryforwards Operating and compensation related accruals Capitalized research and development Other Deferred tax assets (a) Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Leasing and financing ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Intangibles ) ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities (a) ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are included in other non-current assets and other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) Fiscal 2024 Loss carryforwards ) Fiscal 2024 Other deferred tax assets ) NA Total ) January 28, 2022 Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance Net Deferred Tax Assets First Year Expiring (in millions) Credit carryforwards ) Fiscal 2023 Loss carryforwards ) Fiscal 2023 Other deferred tax assets ) NA Total ) 
 
 The Company s credit carryforwards as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 relate primarily to U.S. tax credits and include state and federal tax credits associated with research and development, as well as foreign tax credits associated with the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The more significant amounts of the Company s credit carryforwards will begin expiring in fiscal year 2028. The Company assessed the realizability of these U.S. tax credits and has recorded a valuation allowance against the credits it does not expect to utilize. The Company s loss carryforwards as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 include net operating loss carryforwards from federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions. The valuation allowances for other deferred tax assets as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 primarily relate to foreign jurisdictions, the changes in which are included in tax impact of foreign operations in the Company s effective tax reconciliation. The Company has determined that it will be able to realize the remainder of its deferred tax assets, based on the future reversal of deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 Increases related to tax positions of the current year Increases related to tax position of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Audit settlements ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 The table does not include accrued interest and penalties of million, million, and million as of February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. Additionally, the table does not include certain tax benefits associated with interest and state tax deductions and other indirect jurisdictional effects of uncertain tax positions, which were million, million, and million as of February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion, billion, and billion as of February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively, and are included in other non-current liabilities i n the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 The unrecognized tax benefits in the table above include billion, billion, and billion as of February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively, that, if recognized, would have impacted income tax expense. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities are included in income tax expense. The Company recorded tax expense for interest and penalties of million for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, and tax benefit of million and million for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2022 and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Internal Revenue Service is currently conducting tax examinations of the Company for fiscal years 2015 through 2019. The Company is also currently under income tax audits in various U.S. state and foreign taxing jurisdictions. The Company is undergoing negotiations, and in some cases contested proceedings, relating to tax matters with the taxing authorities in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves related to all matters contained in tax periods open to examination. Although the Company believes it has made adequate provisions for the uncertainties surrounding these audits, should the Company experience unfavorable outcomes, such outcomes could have a material impact on its results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. With respect to major U.S. state and foreign taxing jurisdictions, the Company is generally not subject to tax examinations for years prior to the fiscal year ended January 29, 2010. 
 
 Judgment is required in evaluating the Company s uncertain tax positions and determining the Company s provision for income taxes. The Company does not expect a significant change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 
 The Company takes certain non-income tax positions in the jurisdictions in which it operates and has received certain non-income tax assessments from various jurisdictions. The Company believes that a material loss in these matters is not probable and that it is not reasonably possible that a material loss exceeding amounts already accrued has been incurred. The Company believes its positions in these non-income tax litigation matters are supportable and that it ultimately will prevail in the matters. In the normal course of business, the Company s positions and conclusions related to its non-income taxes could be challenged and assessments may be made. To the extent new information is obtained and the Company s views on its positions, probable outcomes of assessments, or litigation change, changes in estimates to the Company s accrued liabilities would be recorded in the period in which such a determination is made. In the resolution process for income tax and non-income tax audits, the Company is required in certain situations to provide collateral guarantees or indemnification to regulators and tax authorities until the matter is resolved. 

129 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 14 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total change for the period ) ) Balances as of January 29, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Spin-off of VMware ) Total change for the period ) ) Balances as of January 28, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total change for the period ) ) ) Less: Change in comprehensive (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Balances as of February 3, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Amounts related to the Company s cash flow hedges are reclassified to net income during the same period in which the items being hedged are recognized in earnings. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Company s derivative instruments. 

130 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Cost of net revenue ) ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Income from discontinued operations Total reclassifications, net of tax ) ) 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 15 
 
 Class B Class C Class D Common stock as of January 28, 2022 Class A Class B Class C Class D Class V 
 
 On June 29, 2022, the authorized capital stock provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation were amended to eliminate the Class V Common Stock as the fifth authorized series of Dell Technologies common stock. In connection with the elimination of authorized Class V Common Stock, the Company s certificate of incorporation also was amended to decrease by million shares the total number of shares of common stock which Dell Technologies is authorized to issue. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Dell Technologies Common Stock The Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, the Class C Common Stock, and the Class D Common Stock are collectively referred to as Dell Technologies Common Stock. The par value for all series of Dell Technologies Common Stock is per share. The Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, the Class C Common Stock, and the Class D Common Stock share equally in dividends declared or accumulated and have equal participation rights in undistributed earnings. 
 
 Voting Rights Each holder of record of (a) Class A Common Stock is entitled to votes per share of Class A Common Stock; (b) Class B Common Stock is entitled to votes per share of Class B Common Stock; (c) Class C Common Stock is entitled to vote per share of Class C Common Stock; and (d) Class D Common Stock is not entitled to any vote on any matter except to the extent required by provisions of Delaware law (in which case such holder is entitled to vote per share of Class D Common Stock). 
 
 Conversion Rights Under the Company s certificate of incorporation, at any time and from time to time, any holder of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock has the right to convert all or any of the shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, as applicable, held by such holder into shares of Class C Common Stock on a -to-one basis. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, there were no conversions of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into shares of Class C Common Stock. 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 shares of Class C Common Stock to stockholders upon their conversion of the same number of shares of Class A Common Stock into Class C Common Stock in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended January 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class C Common Stock to stockholders upon their conversion of the same number of shares of Class B Common Stock into Class C Common Stock in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy providing for payment by the Company of quarterly cash dividends on the outstanding Dell Technologies Common Stock at a rate of per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. On March 2, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a increase in the quarterly dividend rate to a rate of per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2024. 
 
 June 7, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 29, 2022 September 6, 2022 October 19, 2022 October 28, 2022 December 6, 2022 January 25, 2023 February 3, 2023 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 Effective as of September 23, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to billion of shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock with no fixed expiration date. During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company repurchased approximately million shares of Class C Common Stock for a total purchase price of approximately billion. During the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, the Company repurchased approximately million shares of Class C Common Stock for a total purchase price of approximately million. 

133 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 16 
 
 Discontinued operations Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations 
 
 The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 (in millions) Numerator: Continuing operations Net income attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. from continuing operations - basic and diluted Numerator: Discontinued operations Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes - basic Incremental dilution from VMware, Inc. (a) ) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. - diluted Denominator: Dell Technologies Common Stock weighted-average shares outstanding Weighted-average shares outstanding basic 
 Dilutive effect of options, restricted stock units, restricted stock, and other Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding antidilutive 
 
 ____________________ 
 (a) The incremental dilution from VMware, Inc. represents the impact of VMware, Inc. s dilutive securities on diluted earnings per share of Dell Technologies Common Stock, and is calculated by multiplying the difference between VMware, Inc. s basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share by the number of shares of VMware, Inc. common stock held by the Company before the VMware Spin-off. 

134 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 17 
 
 Operating expenses Stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations before taxes Stock-based compensation expense from discontinued operations before taxes (a) Total stock-based compensation expense before taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of income taxes 
 ____________________ 

Dell Technologies Inc. Stock-Based Compensation Plan 
 
 Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan Employees, consultants, non-employee directors, and other service providers of the Company or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of July 9, 2019 (the 2013 Plan ). The 2013 Plan authorizes the Company to grant stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards, and dividend equivalents. Stock options have been granted with option exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the Company s Class C Common Stock and expire after the grant date. 
 
 The 2013 Plan authorizes the issuance of an aggregate of million shares of the Class C Common Stock, including million shares automatically added to the share pool pursuant to the equitable adjustment provisions relating to the VMware Spin-off. As of February 3, 2023, there were approximately million shares of Class C Common Stock available for future grants under the 2013 Plan. 

135 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Canceled/expired Options outstanding as of January 29, 2021 Granted VMware Spin-off adjustment (b) NA Exercised ) Forfeited Canceled/expired Options outstanding as of January 28, 2022 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Canceled/expired Options outstanding as of February 3, 2023 (c) Exercisable as of February 3, 2023 Vested and expected to vest (net of estimated forfeitures) as of February 3, 2023 
 ____________________ 
 (a) The aggregate intrinsic values represent the total pre-tax intrinsic values based on the closing price of of the Class C Common Stock on February 3, 2023 as reported on the NYSE that would have been received by the option holders had all in-the-money options been exercised as of that date. 
 (b) In connection with the VMware Spin-off, and as authorized by the 2013 Plan, Dell Technologies made certain adjustments to the number of stock options and the exercise price of unexercised stock options using a conversion ratio of approximately to 1 to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards prior to the VMware Spin-off. 
 (c) The ending weighted-average exercise price was calculated based on underlying options outstanding as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 The total fair value of options vested was t material for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021. The pre-tax intrinsic value of the options exercised was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. Cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The tax benefit realized from the exercise of stock options was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock The Company s restricted stock primarily consists of RSUs granted to employees. During the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, the Company granted long-term incentive awards in the form of service-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs PSUs in order to align critical talent retention programs with the interests of holders of the Class C Common Stock. 

136 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 period. Each service-based RSU represents the right to acquire share of Class C Common Stock upon vesting. 
 
 The PSUs granted during the periods presented are reflected as target units for performance periods not yet complete. The actual number of units that ultimately vest will range from to of target, based on the level of achievement of the performance goals and continued employment with the Company over a performance period. Approximately half of the PSUs granted are subject to achievement of market-based performance goals based on relative total shareholder return and were valued utilizing a Monte Carlo valuation model to simulate the probabilities of achievement. The remaining PSUs are subject to internal financial measures and have fair values based on the closing price of the Class C Common Stock as reported on the NYSE on the accounting grant date. 
 
 Beginning with grants made during the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, dividend equivalents will accrue on outstanding RSUs and PSUs when a dividend is paid to the Company s common stockholders. Accrued dividend equivalents will be paid when the underlying RSUs and PSUs vest. 
 
 Term (in years) Risk-free rate (U.S. Government Treasury Note) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 ____________________ 

137 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of January 29, 2021 Granted VMware Spin-off adjustment (b) NA Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of January 28, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of February 3, 2023 (c) Vested and expected to vest, February 3, 2023 
 ____________________ 
 (a) The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic values based on the closing price of of the Class C Common Stock on February 3, 2023 as reported on the NYSE that would have been received by the RSU holders had the RSUs been issued as of February 3, 2023. 
 (b) In connection with the VMware Spin-off, and as authorized by the 2013 Plan, Dell Technologies made certain adjustments to the number of RSUs using a conversion ratio of approximately to 1 to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards prior to the VMware Spin-off. 
 (c) As of February 3, 2023, the million units outstanding included million RSUs and million PSUs. 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively, with a pre-tax intrinsic value of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to these awards expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Dell Technologies Shares Withheld for Taxes Beginning in the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, shares of Class C Common Stock are generally withheld from issuance to cover employee taxes for the vesting of restricted stock units. During the fiscal years ended January 28, 2022 and January 29, 2021, shares of Class C Common Stock were withheld from issuance to cover employee taxes for both the vesting of restricted stock units and the exercise of stock options only under certain situations. For the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, million, million, and million shares, respectively, were withheld to cover million, million, and million, respectively, of employees tax obligations. The value of the withheld shares was classified as a reduction to common stock and capital in excess of par value. 

Other Plans 

138 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 18 
 
 Benefit obligations ) ) Underfunded position (b) ) ) 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Plan assets are managed by outside investment managers. The Company s investment strategy with respect to plan assets is to achieve a long-term growth of capital, consistent with an appropriate level of risk. Assets are recognized at fair value and are primarily classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 (b) The underfunded position of the U.S. pension plan is recognized in other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, future benefit payments for the U.S. pension plan are expected to be paid as follows: million in Fiscal 2024; million in Fiscal 2025; million in Fiscal 2026; million in Fiscal 2027; million in Fiscal 2028; and million thereafter. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Benefit obligations ) ) Underfunded position (b) ) ) 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Plan assets are managed by outside investment managers. The Company s investment strategy with respect to plan assets is to achieve a long-term growth of capital, consistent with an appropriate level of risk. Assets are recognized at fair value and are primarily classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Defined Contribution Retirement Plans 
 
 Dell 401(k) Plan The Company has a defined contribution retirement plan (the Dell 401(k) Plan that complies with Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Only U.S. employees and employees of certain subsidiaries, except those who are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, classified as a leased employee or a nonresident alien, or are covered under a separate plan, are eligible to participate in the Dell 401(k) Plan. Participation in the Dell 401(k) Plan is at the election of the employee. As of February 3, 2023, the Company matched of each participant s voluntary contributions (the Dell 401(k) employer match ), subject to a maximum contribution of of the participant s eligible compensation, up to an annual limit of , and participants vest immediately in all contributions to the Dell 401(k) Plan. On June 1, 2020, the Company suspended the Dell 401(k) employer match for U.S. employees as a precautionary measure to preserve financial flexibility in light of COVID-19. Effective January 1, 2021, the Dell 401(k) employer match was reinstated, with no change to the employer match policy or participant eligibility requirements. 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 

140 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 19 
 
 reportable segments that are based on the following business units: Infrastructure Solutions Group ISG and Client Solutions Group CSG ). 
 
 ISG enables the Company s customers digital transformation with solutions that address the fundamental shift to multicloud environments, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data analytics. The Company s comprehensive storage portfolio includes traditional as well as next-generation storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, scale-out file, object platforms, hyperconverged infrastructure, and software-defined storage. The Company s server portfolio includes high-performance rack, blade, and tower servers. The ISG networking portfolio helps the Company s business customers transform and modernize their infrastructure, mobilize and enrich end-user experiences, and accelerate business applications and processes. ISG also offers attached software, peripherals, and services, including support and deployment, configuration, and extended warranty services. 
 
 CSG includes sales to commercial and consumer customers of branded hardware (such as desktops, workstations, and notebooks) and branded peripherals (such as displays, docking stations, and other electronics), as well as third-party software and peripherals. CSG also includes services offerings, including support and deployment, configuration, and extended warranty services. 
 
 The reportable segments disclosed herein are based on information reviewed by the Company s management to evaluate the business segment results. The Company s measure of segment revenue and segment operating income for management reporting purposes excludes operating results of other businesses, unallocated corporate transactions, the impact of purchase accounting, amortization of intangible assets, transaction-related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, and other corporate expenses, as applicable. The Company does not allocate assets to the above reportable segments for internal reporting purposes. 
 
 As described in Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company completed the VMware Spin-off on November 1, 2021. 
 
 Pursuant to the CFA described in such Notes, Dell Technologies continues to act as a distributor of VMware s standalone products and services and purchase such products and services for resale to end-user customers VMware Resale ). Dell Technologies also continues to integrate VMware s products and services with Dell Technologies offerings and sell them to end users. The results of such operations are classified as continuing operations within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The results of standalone VMware Resale transactions are reflected in other businesses. The results of integrated offering transactions are reflected within CSG or ISG, depending upon the nature of the underlying offering sold. The Company's prior period segment results have been recast to reflect this change. 
 
 In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of VMware, excluding Dell's resale of VMware offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for periods presented prior to the completion of the VMware Spin-off. 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Client Solutions Group Reportable segment net revenue Other businesses (a) (b) Unallocated transactions (c) Impact of purchase accounting (d) ) ) Total consolidated net revenue Consolidated operating income: Infrastructure Solutions Group Client Solutions Group Reportable segment operating income Other businesses (a) (b) ) ) ) Unallocated transactions (c) Impact of purchase accounting (d) ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Transaction-related expenses (e) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (f) ) ) ) Other corporate expenses (g) ) ) ) Total consolidated operating income 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Other businesses consists of (i) VMware Resale, (ii) Secureworks, and (iii) Virtustream, and do not meet the requirements for a reportable segment, either individually or collectively. 
 (b) The Company completed the sale of RSA Security on September 1, 2020, and the sale of Boomi on October 1, 2021. Prior to the divestitures, RSA Security and Boomi s results were included within other businesses. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details related to the divestitures of RSA Security and Boomi. 
 (c) Unallocated transactions includes other corporate items that are not allocated to Dell Technologies reportable segments. 
 (d) Impact of purchase accounting includes non-cash purchase accounting adjustments that are primarily related to the EMC merger transaction that was completed in September 2016. 
 (e) Transaction-related expenses includes acquisition, integration, and divestiture related costs, as well as the costs incurred in the VMware Spin-off described in Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (f) Stock-based compensation expense consists of equity awards granted based on the estimated fair value of those awards at grant date. 

142 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Storage Total ISG net revenue Client Solutions Group: Commercial Consumer Total CSG net revenue 
 
 The following table presents net revenue allocated between the United States and foreign countries for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 (in millions) Net revenue: United States Foreign countries Total net revenue 
 
 The following table presents property, plant, and equipment, net allocated between the United States and foreign countries as of the dates indicated: 
 February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 (in millions) Property, plant, and equipment, net: United States Foreign countries Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 billion was located in Ireland . 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 20 
 
 Restricted cash - other current assets (a) Restricted cash - other non-current assets (a) Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Inventories, net: Production materials Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories, net Prepaid expenses: Total prepaid expenses (b) Deferred Costs: Total deferred costs, current (b) Property, plant, and equipment, net: Computer equipment Land and buildings Machinery and other equipment Total property, plant, and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization (c) ) ) Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Restricted cash includes cash required to be held in escrow pursuant to DFS securitization arrangements. 
 (b) Deferred costs and prepaid expenses are included in other current assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Amounts classified as long-term deferred costs are included in other non current assets and are not disclosed above. 
 (c) During the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, the Company recognized billion, billion, and billion, respectively, in depreciation expense. 

144 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Adjustment for adoption of accounting standard Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Provision charged to income statement ) Balance at end of period Tax Valuation Allowance: Balance at beginning of period Charged to income tax provision Charged to other accounts ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Warranty Liability 
 
 Costs accrued for new warranty contracts and changes in estimates for pre-existing warranties (a) Service obligations honored ) ) ) Warranty liability at end of period Current portion Non-current portion 
 ____________________ 

145 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 as the Company continues to take prudent steps in light of a challenging global economic environment. The Company recognized million of expense associated with these actions in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023. 
 
 Severance charges Cash paid and other ) ) ) Severance liability at end of period 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative Research and development Total severance charges 

146 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Gain (loss) on investments, net ) Interest expense ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) ) Gain on disposition of businesses and assets Debt extinguishment fees ) ) Legal settlement, net ) Other ) Total interest and other, net ) ) 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 21 

148 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Purchase of VMware products for resale Cost of net revenue - products Purchase of VMware services for resale Cost of net revenue - services 
 
 The following table presents information about the impact of Dell Technologies related party transactions with VMware on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of the dates indicated: 
 
 Classification February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 (in millions) Deferred costs related to VMware products and services for resale Other current assets Deferred costs related to VMware products and services for resale Other non-current assets 
 
 Due To/From Related Party 
 
 Due from related party, net, non-current (b) Due to related party, current (c) 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Amounts due from related party, net, current consists of amounts due from VMware, inclusive of current net tax receivables from VMware under the Tax Agreements described below. Amounts, excluding tax, are generally settled in cash within 60 days of each quarter-end. 
 (b) Amounts due from related party, net, non-current consists of non-current portion of net receivables from VMware under the Tax Agreements. 
 (c) Amounts due to related party, current includes amounts due to VMware, which are generally settled in cash within 60 days of each quarter-end. 
 
 Related Party Tax Matters 
 
 Tax Agreements In connection with the VMware Spin-off and concurrently with the execution of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, effective as of April 14, 2021, Dell Technologies and VMware entered into a Tax Matters Agreement (the Tax Matters Agreement and agreed to terminate the tax sharing agreement as amended on December 30, 2019 (together with the Tax Matters Agreement, the Tax Agreements ). The Tax Matters Agreement governs Dell Technologies and VMware s respective rights and obligations, both for pre-spin-off periods and post-spin-off periods, regarding income and other taxes, and related matters, including tax liabilities and benefits, attributes, and returns. 
 
 The timing of the tax payments due to and from related parties is governed by the Tax Agreements. VMware s portion of the mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries (the Transition Tax is governed by a letter agreement between VMware and Dell Technologies entered into on April 1, 2019. 

149 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 during the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, and million during the fiscal year ended January 29, 2021, and primarily related to VMware s portion of the Transition Tax, federal income taxes on Dell Technologies consolidated tax return, and state tax payments for combined states. 
 
 As a result of the activity under the Tax Agreements with VMware, amounts due from VMware were million and million as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, respectively, primarily related to VMware s estimated tax obligation resulting from the Transition Tax. The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act included a deferral election for an eight-year installment payment method on the Transition Tax. Dell Technologies expects VMware to pay the remainder of its Transition Tax over a period of . 
 
 Indemnification Upon consummation of the VMware Spin-off, Dell Technologies recorded net income tax indemnification receivables from VMware related to certain income tax liabilities for which Dell Technologies is jointly and severally liable, but for which it is indemnified by VMware under the Tax Matters Agreement. The amounts that VMware may be obligated to pay Dell Technologies could vary depending on the outcome of certain unresolved tax matters, which may not be resolved for several years. The net receivable as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 NOTE 22 
 
 million within net revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income related to such assistance. 
 
 The Company received incentives from foreign governmental entities to provide reimbursement for various costs incurred that are directly tied to the production or delivery of offerings sold to customers. The agreements governing such assistance require that the Company comply with certain conditions including, but not limited to, the achievement of future operational targets. These agreements currently expire at various dates through 2029. During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company recognized a benefit of million to cost of net revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income related to such assistance. 

151 

Table of Contents 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE 23 

152 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 This report includes the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 filed with this report. This Item 9A includes information concerning the controls and control evaluations referred to in those certifications. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of February 3, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures which (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (c) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorization of management and the board of directors, and (d) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of that evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

153 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended February 3, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our system of controls is designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability and integrity of accounting and financial reporting. Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. These inherent limitations include the following: 
 
 Judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and control and process breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. 
 
 Controls can be circumvented by individuals, acting alone or in collusion with each other, or by management override. 
 
 The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 
 Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. 
 
 The design of a control system must reflect the fact that resources are constrained, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 
 
 154 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

155 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer and our other senior financial officers. The code of ethics, which we refer to as our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, is available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.delltechnologies.com. To the extent required by SEC rules, we intend to disclose any amendments to this code and any waiver of a provision of the code for the benefit of any senior financial officers on our website within any period that may be required under SEC rules from time to time. 
 
 See Part I Item 1 Business Information about our Executive Officers for more information about our executive officers, which is incorporated by reference in this Item 10. Other information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, referred to as the 2023 proxy statement, which we will file with the SEC on or before 120 days after our 2023 fiscal year-end, and which will appear in the 2023 proxy statement under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors and Additional Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, if applicable. 
 
 The following information about the members of our Board of Directors and the principal occupation or employment of each director is provided as of the date of this report. 
 
 Michael S. Dell 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Dell Technologies Inc. 
 Lynn Vojvodich Radakovich 
 Public Company Director 
 David W. Dorman 
 Founding Partner 
 Centerview Capital Technology 
 (investments) 
 Ellen J. Kullman 
 Public Company Director 
 Egon Durban 
 Co-CEO 
 Silver Lake 
 (private equity) 
 Simon Patterson 
 Managing Director 
 Silver Lake 
 (private equity) 
 William D. Green 
 Public Company Director 
 
 David Grain Founder and CEO Grain Management (private equity) 

156 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 proxy statement, including the information in the 2023 proxy statement appearing under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Compensation and Compensation of Executive Officers. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 proxy statement, including the information in the 2023 proxy statement appearing under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 proxy statement, including the information in the 2023 proxy statement appearing under the captions Proposal 1 Elections of Directors and Transactions with Related Persons. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 proxy statement, including the information in the 2023 proxy statement appearing under the caption Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 157 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements: The following financial statements are filed as part of this report under Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: The information required in the following financial statement schedules is included in Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : 
 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is otherwise included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 
 Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021 , by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Dell Technologies Inc. (the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on April 14, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 2.2 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Commission on October 7, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 2.3 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Commission on November 1, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 3.1 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dell Technologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Dell Technologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of April 27, 1998, between Dell Computer Corporation and Chase Bank of Texas, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Dell Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 28, 1998) (Commission File No. 0 00 -17017). 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2008, between Dell Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee (including the form of notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dell Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2008) (Commission File No. 0 00 -17017). 

158 

4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of April 6, 2009, between Dell Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dell Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 6, 2009) (Commission File No. 0 00 -17017). 
 4.4 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated September 10, 2010, between Dell Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dell Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 10, 2010) (Commission File No. 0 00 -17017). 
 4.5 
 Base Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation and Diamond 2 Finance Corporation, as issuers, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 4.6 
 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 4.7 
 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 4.8 
 2046 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 4.9 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 6, 2016, by and among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 9, 2016) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.10 
 2019 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2021 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2023 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2 and 2046 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of September 7, 2016, by and among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, New Dell International LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 9, 2016) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.11 
 2019 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2021 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2023 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3 and 2046 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of September 7, 2016, by and among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., the other guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 9, 2016) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.12 
 2019 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2021 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2023 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4 and 2046 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of May 23, 2017, by and among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, Dell Global Holdings XIII L.L.C., QTZ L.L.C. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.13 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C . , EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.14 
 Base Indenture, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C . , EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 

159 

4.15 
 2024 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C . , EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.16 
 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C . , EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.17 
 2029 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C . , EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.18 
 Base Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.19 
 2025 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020 (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.20 
 2027 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020 (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.21 
 2030 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020 (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.2 2 
 Base Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.2 3 
 2041 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.2 4 
 2051 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.2 5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as the representatives for the initial purchasers. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.2 6 
 Form of Global Note for 3.375 Senior Notes due 2041 (included in Exhibit 4.2 3 ). 
 4. 27 
 Form of Global Note for 3.340 Senior Notes due 2051 (included in Exhibit 4.2 4 ). 
 4. 28 
 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, MSDC Denali Investors, L.P., MSDC Denali EIV, LLC, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P., Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. and the Management Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 

160 

4. 29 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2019, among Dell Technologies Inc., Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, MSDC Denali Investors, L.P., MSDC Denali EIV, LLC, SL SPV-2, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.3 0 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2020, among Dell Technologies Inc., Michael S. Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.3 1 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2020, among Dell Technologies Inc., Michael S. Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4. 3 2 
 Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.3 3 
 Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 29, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4. 3 4 
 Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 29, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.3 5 
 Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 28, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 4.3 6 
 Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 18, 2023, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. 
 4. 37 
 Base Indenture, dated as of January 24, 2023, among Dell International L.L.C, EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 24, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867) 
 4. 3 8 
 2028 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of January 24, 2023, among Dell International L.L.C, EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 24, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867) 

161 

4. 3 9 
 2033 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of January 24, 2023, among Dell International L.L.C, EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 24, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867) 
 4. 4 0 
 Form of Global Note for 5.250 Senior Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4. 38 
 4. 4 1 
 Form of Global Note for 5.750 Senior Notes due 2033 (included in Exhibit 4. 39 
 4.42 
 Amended and Restated Description of Common Stock. 
 10.1 
 Dell Technologies Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (formerly known as Dell Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan) as amended and restated as of October 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.2 
 Form of Dell Inc. Long-Term Cash Incentive and Retention Award for Fiscal 2016 awards under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on April 11, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 10.3 
 Form of Dell Inc. Long-Term Cash Incentive and Retention Award Agreement, under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, between Dell Inc. and each of Jeremy Burton, Howard D. Elias and David I. Goulden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 
 Form of Dell Inc. Deferred Cash Replacement Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.5 
 Dell Inc. Annual Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.6 
 Dell Inc. Special Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on April 11, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 10.7 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 29, 2013, by and among Dell Inc., the Company and Michael S. Dell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on April 11, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 10.8 
 Dell Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Executive Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.9 
 Form of Protection of Sensitive Information, Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on April 11, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524). 
 10.10 
 Form of Dell Technologies Inc. Deferred Cash Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.11 
 Amended and Restated Master Transaction Agreement among EMC Corporation, Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. dated January 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to VMware, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-33622). 
 10.1 2 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and certain members of its Board of Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 28, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.1 3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between EMC Corporation and each of Jeremy Burton, Howard D. Elias and David I. Goulden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.1 4 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Dell Technologies Inc. and certain of its executive officers (incorp orated by reference to Exhibit 10-.40 to the C o mpany s Ann ual R e port on F o rm 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.1 5 
 Form of EMC Corporation Deferred Compensation Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.1 6 
 Form of Dell Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 

162 

10.1 7 
 Form of Protection of Sensitive Information, Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation Agreement between Dell Inc. and each of Howard D. Elias and William F. Scannell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10. 1 8 
 Offer Letter to Howard D. Elias, dated August 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10. 19 
 Offer Letter to William F. Scannell, dated August 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.2 0 
 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Performance Vesting Option for grants to executive officers under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 1 
 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Performance Vesting Option for grants to employees under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 2 
 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Time Vesting Option for grants to executive officers under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 3 
 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Time Vesting Option for grants to employees under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 4 
 Form of Amended and Restated Dell Performance Award Agreement for grants to executive officers under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 5 
 Form of Amended and Restated Dell Performance Award Agreement for grants to employees under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 6 
 Form of Amended and Restated Dell Time Award Agreement for grants to executive officers under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.2 7 
 Form of Amended and Restated Dell Time Award Agreement for grants to employees under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10. 2 8 
 Form of Amended and Restated Dell Deferred Time Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10. 29 
 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (Annual Grant) under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.3 0 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (Sign-On Grant) under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 
 10.31 
 Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement for grants to executive officers (Rollover Option) under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618). 

163 

10.3 2 
 Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated as of July 9, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 11, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.3 3 
 Amended and Restated Dell Technologies Inc. Compensation Program for Independent Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.3 4 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2018, between the Company and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.3 5 
 Waiver, dated as of November 14, 2018, among the Company and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on November 15, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.3 6 
 MD Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., EMC Corporation, Denali Finance Corp., Dell International L.L.C., Michael S. Dell and the Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10. 3 7 
 SLP Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., EMC Corporation, Denali Finance Corp., Dell International L.L.C., Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P. and SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and the other stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10. 3 8 
 Second Amended and Restated Management Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and the Management Stockholders (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10. 39 
 Amended and Restated Class C Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 0 
 Second Amended and Restated Class A Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and the New Class A Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 1 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 19, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 2 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 19, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 3 
 Waiver Letter, dated as of April 7, 2020, between Dell Technologies Inc. and Michael S. Dell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 4 
 Commercial Framework Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 5 
 Dell Technologies Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Anthony Charles Whitte n . 

164 

10.4 6 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, among Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., Dell International L.L.C., as a borrower, EMC Corporation, as a borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each of the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
 10.4 7 
 First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., Dell International L.L.C., as a borrower, EMC Corporation, as a borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each of the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto. 
 10. 48 
 Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., Dell International L.L.C., as a borrower, EMC Corporation, as a borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each of the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Dell Technologies Inc. 
 22.1 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of Dell Technologies Inc. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Michael S. Dell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Thomas W. Sweet, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certifications of Michael S. Dell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas W. Sweet, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 .INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101 .SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101 .CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101 .DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 .LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101 .PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101). 
 Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers participate. Filed with this report. Furnished with this report. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of certain long-term debt of the Company and its subsidiaries are not filed. The Company agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each instrument with respect to issuances of such long-term debt. 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 165 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. By: /s/ MICHAEL S. DELL Michael S. Dell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) 
 
 Dat e: March 30, 2023 

166 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 30, 2023: 
 
 Signature Title /s/ MICHAEL S. DELL 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael S. Dell (principal executive officer) /s/ DAVID W. DORMAN 
 Director David W. Dorman /s/ EGON DURBAN 
 Director Egon Durban /s/ DAVID GRAIN 
 Director David Grain /s/ WILLIAM D. GREEN 
 Director William D. Green /s/ ELLEN J. KULLMAN 
 Director Ellen J. Kullman /s/ SIMON PATTERSON 
 Director Simon Patterson /s/ LYNN VOJVODICH RADAKOVICH 
 Director Lynn Vojvodich Radakovich /s/ THOMAS W. SWEET 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thomas W. Sweet (principal financial officer) /s/ BRUNILDA RIOS 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and Brunilda Rios Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
 
 167 

<EX-4.36>
 2
 exhibit436fy2310-k.htm
 EX-4.36

Document 

Exhibit 4.36 

Dell Technologies Inc. 
 
 Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 Reference is made herein to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 27, 2019, Amendment No. 2, dated as of April 15, 2020, and Amendment No. 3, dated as of September 15, 2020 (as so amended, the Registration Rights Agreement ), by and among Dell Technologies Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, and each of (a) Michael S. Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, (b) SL SPV-2, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (collectively, the SLP Stockholders ), and (c) Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Consent shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Registration Rights Agreement. Capitalized terms defined in this Consent shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms herein for purposes of this Consent and the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.1(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to file a Shelf Registration Statement for a public offering of the Registrable Securities no later than the first day on which such filing can be made with the SEC on or after December 31, 2020 (such date, the Shelf Registration Filing Deadline 
 
 WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 2.1(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Shelf Registration Filing Deadline may be extended for one or more periods of up to three months each upon the express written consent of the Company and the SLP Stockholders and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the SLP Stockholders wish to consent to an extension of the Shelf Registration Filing Deadline for a period of three months to March 31, 2023 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the SLP Stockholders hereby consent and agree that, effective as of December 31, 2022, for all purposes under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Shelf Registration Filing Deadline shall be extended to no later than the first day on which such filing can be made with the SEC on or after March 31, 2023. 
 
 Except as expressly set forth in this Consent, no other terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement are hereby amended, modified, supplemented or waived. 
 
 This Consent and all claims or causes of action (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Consent or the negotiation, execution, interpretation or performance of this Consent (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Consent) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable rules or principles of conflicts of laws. 

Signature pages follow. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered this Consent this January 18, 2023. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

By s Christopher A. Garcia 
 Name Christopher A. Garcia 
 Title Senior Vice President and Assistant Secretary 

SLP STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 SL SPV-2, L.P. 
 
 By SLTA SPV-2, L.P., its General Partner 
 
 By SLTA SPV-2 (GP), L.L.C., its General Partner By Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member 
 
 By s Andrew J. Schader 
 Name Andrew J. Schader 
 Title Managing Director 

SILVER LAKE PARTNERS IV, L.P. 
 
 By Silver Lake Technology Associates IV, L.P., its General Partner 
 
 By SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C., its General Partner 
 
 By Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member 

By s Andrew J. Schader 
 Name Andrew J. Schader 
 Title Managing Director 

SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY INVESTORS IV, L.P. 
 
 By Silver Lake Technology Associates IV, L.P., its General Partner 
 
 By SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C., its General Partner 
 
 By Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member 

By s Andrew J. Schader 
 Name Andrew J. Schader 
 Title Managing Director 

SILVER LAKE PARTNERS V DE (AIV), L.P. 
 
 By Silver Lake Technology Associates V, L.P., its General Partner 
 
 By SLTA V (GP), L.L.C., its General Partner 
 
 By Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member 

By s Andrew J. Schader 
 Name Andrew J. Schader 
 Title Managing Director 

SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY INVESTORS V, L.P. 
 
 By Silver Lake Technology Associates V, L.P., its General Partner 
 
 By SLTA V (GP), L.L.C., its General Partner 
 
 By Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member 

By s Andrew J. Schader 
 Name Andrew J. Schader 
 Title Managing Director 

</EX-4.36>

<EX-4.42>
 3
 exhibit442fy2310-k.htm
 EX-4.42

Document 

Exhibit 4.42 
 
 Amended and Restated Description of the Registrant's Securities 
 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Dell Technologies Inc. (the Company has registered one class of securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, consisting of its Class C common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Class C Common Stock ). 
 
 The following description of the Class C Common Stock and the other series of the Company s common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The description is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company's Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Company certificate and the Company s Third Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Company bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.42 is a part, as well as the relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). For complete information, you should refer to the texts of the Company certificate, the Company bylaws and the relevant provisions of the DGCL. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 8,800,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the common stock ), and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (the preferred stock ). 
 
 The Company certificate authorizes 7,900,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock. 
 
 The Company certificate also authorizes the following additional series of common stock 
 
 600,000,000 shares of Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock 
 
 200,000,000 shares of Class B common stock (the Class B Common Stock and 
 
 100,000,000 shares of Class D common stock (the Class D Common Stock ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 General . Subject to the terms of the Company certificate, each holder of record of the Class C Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share. 
 
 Further, subject to the terms of the Company certificate 
 
 each holder of record of the Class A Common Stock is entitled to 10 votes per share 
 
 each holder of record of the Class B Common Stock is entitled to 10 votes per share and 

each holder of record of the Class D Common Stock is not entitled to vote on any matter except to the extent required by the provisions of Delaware law, in which case such holder is entitled to one vote per share. 
 
 The holders of shares of all series of common stock outstanding vote as one class with respect to the election of all Group I Directors of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors and the holders of Class C Common Stock outstanding vote separately as a series with respect to the election of the director designated as the Group IV Director to the Board of Directors. Except as may otherwise be provided in the Company certificate, or as may otherwise be required by Delaware law, with respect to all other matters to be voted on by stockholders of the Company, the holders of shares of all series of common stock outstanding vote as one class. Delaware law provides that the holders of any series of common stock vote as a separate class upon any proposed amendment to the Company certificate that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of that series of common stock so as to affect them adversely if all series of common stock are not so affected. 
 
 Certain Amendments to the Company Certificate . The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class C Common Stock is required for any amendment, alteration or repeal (including by merger, consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) of a provision of the Company certificate relating to the Group IV Director that would have a material adverse effect on the powers or special rights of the Class C Common Stock pursuant to that provision. 
 
 The affirmative vote of each of (1) the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class A Common Stock and (2) the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B Common Stock is required for 
 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal (including by merger, consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) of Article V or Article VI of the Company certificate (which relate, among other matters, to the authorized capital stock, liquidation, voting and conversion rights, and the size and composition of the Board of Directors) and 
 
 for so long as Michael Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust and their permitted transferees (the MD stockholders or certain investment funds affiliated with Silver Lake Partners and their permitted transferees (the SLP stockholders own any common stock, any amendment, alteration or repeal (including by merger, consolidation or otherwise by operation of law) of Article X, Article VI or paragraph (b) of Article XII of the Company certificate (which relate, among other matters, to indemnification of directors and officers, the size and composition of the Board of Directors and the required vote for any amendments to the provisions of the Company certificate set forth above). 
 
 Quorum for Stockholder Meeting Required Vote . Under the Company bylaws, unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Company certificate or the rules of any stock exchange on which the Company s securities may be listed, the holders of record of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the Company s stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, a majority in 

voting power of the outstanding shares of that class or series or classes or series, present in person or represented by proxy, constitutes a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on that matter. 
 
 Under the Company bylaws, assuming a quorum is present or represented by proxy at a meeting of the Company s stockholders, all elections of directors are determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. At meetings of the Company s stockholders, assuming a quorum is present or represented by proxy at the meeting, all matters other than the election of directors will be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of the Company s capital stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter, unless the question is one upon which, by express provision of applicable law, the rules of any stock exchange applicable to the Company, the Company certificate or the Company bylaws, a different vote is required, in which case that express provision will govern. 
 
 Election and Removal of Group IV Director . At each annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, the holders of Class C Common Stock have the right, voting separately as a series, to elect one Group IV Director. In connection with each such annual meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors is required to nominate one nominee as the Group IV Director who will be elected as described above. In the case of any vacancy occurring with respect to the Group IV Director, the vacancy may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until the Group IV Director s earlier removal. The holders of Class C Common Stock, voting separately as a series, have the right to remove the Group IV Director with or without cause at any time. 
 
 Director Nomination Rights of MD Stockholders and SLP Stockholders . Under stockholders agreements with the Company, each of the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders, respectively, have the right to nominate a number of individuals for election as Group I Directors equal to the percentage of the total voting power for the regular election of directors beneficially owned by the MD stockholders or by the SLP stockholders, as applicable, multiplied by the number of directors then on the Board of Directors who are not members of the audit committee of the Board of Directors, rounded up to the nearest whole number. Further, so long as the MD stockholders or the SLP stockholders each beneficially own at least 5 of all outstanding shares of the common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, each of the MD stockholders or the SLP stockholders, as applicable, are entitled to nominate at least one individual for election as a Group I Director. 
 
 Conversion Rights 
 
 The holders of the Class C Common Stock do not have conversion rights. 
 
 At any time and from time to time, any holder of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock has the right by written election to the Company to convert all or any of the shares of that series, as applicable, held by the holder into shares of Class C Common Stock on a one-to-one basis, subject, in the case of any holder of Class D Common Stock, to any legal requirements applicable to the holder (including any applicable 

requirements under the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and any other applicable antitrust laws). 
 
 Upon any transfer of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock to any person, those shares will automatically be converted into shares of Class C Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, except (1) in a transfer to certain affiliated or related persons permitted under the Company certificate, (2) in the case of the Class A Common Stock, in a transfer in accordance with certain change of control transactions described in the Company certificate or (3) in the case of the Class B Common Stock, in connection with the transfer, at substantially the same time, to any person or group of affiliated persons of an aggregate number of shares of common stock held by the transferor and its permitted transferees greater than 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock owned by the SLP stockholders immediately following the closing of the transaction consummated on September 7, 2016 pursuant to which a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company merged with and into EMC Corporation (as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split or similar event occurring after that date). 
 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company and payment or provision for payment of any preferential amount due to the holders of any other class or series of stock as to payments upon dissolution of the Company, the holders of shares of the Class C Common Stock and the other series of common stock will be entitled to receive their proportionate interests in the assets of the Company remaining for distribution to holders of stock. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 Dividends . The Company certificate does not provide for mandatory dividends. The Board of Directors has the authority and discretion to declare and pay (or to refrain from declaring and paying) dividends on the Company s common stock. Subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock outstanding at any time, the holders of Class C Common Stock and the other series of common stock will be entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in dividends and other distributions of cash, property or shares of stock of the Company that may be declared by the Board of Directors from time to time with respect to the Company s common stock out of the assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any dividend is paid in the form of shares of the Company s common stock or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock, holders of each series of the Company s outstanding common stock would receive shares of that series of common stock or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for shares of that series of common stock, as the case may be. 
 
 Rights in Connection with Certain Transactions . Under the Company certificate, in the event of (1) a merger, consolidation or other business combination requiring the approval of the holders of the Company s capital stock entitled to vote thereon, or (2) any tender or exchange offer with respect to any shares of common stock (x) by any third party in accordance with an agreement to which the Company is a party or (y) by the Company, each holder of common 

stock will have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same amount and form of consideration, if any, on a per share basis, as each other holder of common stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of Class C Common Stock and the holders of Class D Common Stock may receive non-voting securities or capital stock, or securities or capital stock with differing voting rights or preferences than the holders of Class A Common Stock and or the holders of Class B Common Stock in connection with a merger, consolidation, other business combination, or tender or exchange offer involving the Company. 
 
 No Preemptive or Other Rights 
 
 Holders of the Class C Common Stock and the other series of common stock do not have any preemptive, cumulative voting, subscription, redemption or sinking fund rights. 
 
 Assessability 
 
 The shares of Class C Common Stock and the other series of common stock currently outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Subject to obtaining any required stockholder votes or consents provided for in the Company certificate or in any resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for the creation of any series of preferred stock, the Board of Directors is expressly vested with the authority to adopt resolutions providing for the issuance of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, which shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series in the amounts and for the consideration as may be determined by the Board of Directors. The powers, voting powers, designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, of each series of preferred stock and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, if any, of those preferences and or rights, will be those as may be stated and expressed in resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Corporate Opportunity Provisions in Company Certificate 
 
 Under the DGCL, a corporation may renounce, in its certificate of incorporation or by action of its board of directors, any interest or expectancy of the corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities or specified classes or categories of business opportunities that are presented to the corporation or one or more of its officers, directors or stockholders. The Company certificate generally provides that the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, renounces any interest or expectancy to participate in any business or investments of any Covered Person (as defined below) as currently conducted or as may be conducted in the future, and waives any claim against a Covered Person and is required to indemnify a Covered Person against any claim that the Covered Person is liable to the Company, its subsidiaries or their respective stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of that person s participation in any such business or investment. The Company certificate provides that the Company further renounces any interest or expectancy in any potential transaction or matter of which the Covered Person acquires knowledge, except for any corporate opportunity that is expressly offered to a Covered Person in writing solely in the 

Cover Person s capacity as an officer or director of the Company or its subsidiaries. For purposes of these provisions, Covered Person generally means (1) any director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who is also a director, officer, employee, managing director or other affiliate of MSDC or SLP (as each such term is defined in the Company certificate), (2) MSDC and the MSD Partners Stockholders (as such term is defined in the Company certificate) or (3) SLP and the SLP stockholders. 
 
 Exclusive Forum Provisions in Company Certificate 
 
 Under the Company certificate, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) for 
 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company 
 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders 
 
 any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or stockholder of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or of the Company certificate or Company bylaws or 
 
 any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or stockholder of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 In addition, under the Company certificate, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions in Company Certificate, Company Bylaws and Delaware Law 
 
 The Company certificate and the Company bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include 
 
 the grant of voting rights of 10 votes per share to each holder of record of Class A Common Stock and each holder of record of Class B Common Stock 
 
 limitation on the maximum number of members of the Board of Directors 
 
 limitations on who may call special meetings of stockholders 
 
 advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors and for proposals for other business 

the authorization of 1,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by the Board of Directors without approval of the holders of the common stock to persons friendly to the Company s management, thereby protecting the continuity of the Company s management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of the Company 
 
 the requirement that any stockholder written consent be signed by holders of a majority of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the MD stockholders and holders of a majority of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the SLP stockholders and 
 
 the requirement described above that (1) the holders of the Class A Common Stock, voting separately as a series, (2) the holders of the Class B Common Stock, voting separately as a series, and (3) the MD stockholders and SLP stockholders, in each case, so long as they own any common stock, approve amendments to certain provisions of the Company certificate, including provisions related to authorized capital stock and the size and composition of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Further, as a Delaware corporation, the Company is subject to provisions of Delaware law that may deter a takeover attempt that its stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company, including actions that its stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of its common stock, including the Class C Common Stock. These provisions also could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for the Company s stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause the Company to take other corporate actions that may be supported by its stockholders. 
 
 The MD stockholders have the ability to approve any matter submitted to the vote of all of the outstanding shares of the common stock voting together as a single class by reason of their beneficial ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock representing a majority of the voting power of the common stock. As a result, the MD stockholders are able to control actions to be taken by the Company, including actions related to the election of directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, amendments to the Company s organizational documents, and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including mergers and sales of substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The Class C Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol DELL. The Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are not listed on any securities exchange or traded in any public market. 

</EX-4.42>

<EX-10.45>
 4
 exhibit1045fy2310-k.htm
 EX-10.45

Document 

Exhibit 10.45 
 
 Stock Unit - FY22 US Electronic Agreement (Time-Based) 
 2013 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 
 Dell Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), is pleased to grant you an Other Stock-Based Award in the form of restricted stock units representing the right to receive shares of the Company's Class C Common Stock (the Shares ), subject to the terms and conditions described below. The number of restricted stock units that are awarded to you (the Units is stated in step one of the Company's stock plan administrator's online grant acceptance process (the Grant Summary ). Each Unit represents the right to receive one Share . As a material inducement to the Company to grant you this award, you agree to the following terms and conditions. You agree that you are not otherwise entitled to this award , that the Company is providing you this award in consideration for your promises and agreements below , and that the Company would not grant you this award absent those promises and agreements. This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Ag reement ), the Grant Summary, and the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended, modified or restated from time to time, the Plan set forth the terms of your Units identified in your Grant Summary . 
 
 1. Vesting The Units will vest, and you will receive Shares, in accordance with the schedule in your Grant Summary. The Company will issue you one Share for each vested Unit to be delivered on the applicable vesting date or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter provided that in no event shall Shares be delivered later than the sixtieth day after the applicable vesting date . The issuance of Shares shall be evidenced in such manner as the Company, in its discretion, deems appropriate. You will have no further rights with regard to Units once the Shares related to such Units have been issued . 
 
 2. Expiration If your Employment terminates for any reason other than (a) by the Company without Cause, (b) by you for Good Reason, or (c) by reason of your death or Disability, any Units that have not vested as described herein will expire at that time. 
 
 If your Employment is terminated (a) by the Company without Cause, (b) by you for Good Reason, or (c) by reason of your death or Disability, unless otherwise set forth in your Grant Summary, all outstanding Units will vest, and you will receive Shares, in accordance w ith the schedule in your Grant Summary so long as you fully comply with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 For purposes of this agreement, Cause means (a) a material violation of your obligations regarding confidentiality or the protection of sensitive, confidential or proprietary informat io n , or trade secrets (b) an act or omission by you resulting in your being charged with a criminal offense which constitutes a felony, or involves moral turpitude or dishonesty, (c) conduct by you which constitutes gross neglect, insubordination, willful misconduct, or a material breach of Dell's Code of Conduct or a fiduciary duty to Dell or its shareholders or (d) your violation state or federal law relating to the workplace environment, including, without limitation, laws relating to sexual harassment or age, sex, race, or other prohibited discriminat ion . 
 
 No action or inaction shall be treated as willful unless done or not done in bad faith or done without reasonable belief it was in the best interests of the Company or its affiliates. Neither poor performance by itself nor ac tio ns or inactions based upon the direction of the Board or actions or inactions taken upon the advice of Company counsel or counsel for you paid for by the Company shall constitute Cause unless such actions or inactions are known by you to be or rea sonab l y should have been known by you to be in violation of the law. You shall be given the reasonable opportunity to be heard before the Board with your counsel present (if you so elect) prior to being terminated for Cause. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means (i) a material reduction in your base salary, (ii) a material adverse change to your title or a material reduction in your authority, duties or responsibilities, (iii) from your Start 

Date until August 15, 2024, you no longer report to the Company's Chief Executive Officer, (iv) from August 16, 2024 until your employment termination, you no longer report to Michael Dell, (v) a material breach by the Company of this letter or any material compensation arrangement or (vi) a change in your principal place of work to a location of more than 25 miles from his principal place of work immediately prior to such change provided, that you provide written notice to the Company of the existence of any such condition within 90 days of you having actual knowledge of the initial existence of such condition and the Company fails to remedy the condition within 30 days of receipt of such notice (the Cure Period ). In order to resign for Good Reason , you must actually term i nate employment no later than 90 days following the end of such Cure Period, if the Good Reason condition remains uncured provided, that, if such Good Reason condition is solely the result of a material reduction in your authority, duties or responsibilities that is directly related to the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan) and such Good Reason condition remains uncured following the end of the Cure Period, you may not terminate his employment for Good Reason until the first date that follows the six month anniversary of such Change in Control. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement , the term Employer means the Company (if you are emp l oyed by t he Company) or the Affi li ate or Subsidiary of the Company that employs you . As used herein, the term the Company includes all Affiliates and Subs i diaries of the Company , including your Employer . As used herein , the term Employment has the meaning set forth in the Plan , e x cept that it shall e x clude employment with or the provis i on of services to VMware, Inc ., SecureWorks Corp., and their respective Subsidiar i es . 
 
 As used herein , the term Affiliate means any company or other entity that controls , is controlled by or i s under common control with the Company within the meaning of Rule 405 of Regulation C under the Securities Act , including any Subsidiary . 
 
 As used herein, the term Disab i lity means , with respect to you , that (1) on or prior to the date of termination , you have provided proof that you have been determined by the U.S . Social Security Administration to be eligible for disability benefits under the Soc i al Security disability insurance program or the Supplemental Security Income program and (2) the Committee has determined that you have a permanent physical or mental impairment of sufficient severity as to prevent you from performing duties for the Company or an Aff i liate and provided written notice to you that your employment is terminated due to a permanent Disability for purposes of the Plan . The Committee, or its designee, may establish any process or procedure it deems appropr i ate for determining whether you have a Disability . Whether your employment is terminated due to Disab i lity for purposes of the Plan shall be determined by the Committee in the Committee's complete discretion. 
 
 3. Rights as a Stockholder You, or your estate or heirs, will have no r i ghts as a stockholder with respect to unvested Units, or with respect to Shares that may be received by you with respect to your Units unti l those Shares are issued and registered in your name on the books of the Company's transfer agent. Units granted to you will be satisfied wholly through the issuance and delivery of Shares provided that in lieu of issuing any fractional Share, the Company shall make a cash payment to you equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional Share . 
 
 4. Agreement With Respect to Taxes You must pay any federal , state , local and foreign taxes that are required to be withheld by the Company or your Employer . You may pay such amounts in cash or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company or your Employer for the payment of such amounts. You agree that the Company or your Employer , at its sole discretion and to the fullest e x tent permitted by Applicable Law , shall have the right to demand that you pay such amounts in cash or deduct such amounts from any payments of any kind otherwise due to you, provided that the Company shall provide reasonable opportunity to satisfy such withholding tax obligation by withholding from the Shares otherwise i ssuable to you . At the Company or your Employer's sole discretion, the Company or your Employer may require that such withholding tax obligat i on shall be satisfied by withholding from the Shares otherwise issuable to you, that number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value at the time the withholding tax obligation arises equal to the amount of such withholding tax obligation. Such withholding obligation may be, or, if the Committee so directs, such withholding obligation shall be , satisfied by your delivery (on a form prescribed or accepted by the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Committee to sell vested Shares being delivered under the award and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the withholding obligation directly to the Company or your Employer. If the 

applicable ta x withholding i s satisfied by an irrevocable direction to a licensed securities broker , you will be subject to the Company's policies regarding insider trad i ng restrictions, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell Shares under the Plan . By acceptance of the award granted hereunder , you certify your understand i ng of and intent to fully comply with the standards contained in the Company's insider trading policies (and related policies and procedures adopted by the Company) . 
 
 You agree that, subject to compliance with Applicable Law , the Company or your Employer may recover from you taxes which may be payable by the Company or your Employer in any jur i sdiction in relation to th i s award . You agree that the Company or your Employer shall be entitled to use whatever method they may deem appropriate to recover such ta x es i nclud i ng the sale of any Shares , paying you a net amount of shares (or cash) , or recovering the taxes via payroll and direct invoicing . You further agree that the Company or your Employer may, as they reasonably consider necessary, amend or vary this Agreement to facilitate such recovery of ta x es. 
 
 5. Leaves of Absence For purposes of this Agreement, your Employment does not terminate when you take a leave of absence that has been approved by the Company or your Employer or is one to which you are legally entitled regardless of such approval. 
 
 6. Return of Share Value You understand and agree that the Units are designed to al i gn your long-term interests with those of the Company and that having your interests aligned with the Company is a cond i t i on of retaining any Units, Shares delivered to you in respect of Units, or the cash value associated with same . You further understand and agree that if the Company , acting through the Committee, determines that you engaged in Conduct Detrimental to the Company (as defined below) during your Employment or during the one - year period following the termination of your Employment, you shall, upon demand, return to the Company , in the form of a cash payment, certain share value Returnable Share Value . For purposes of this provision, Returnable Share Value means a cash amount equal to the gross value of the Shares that were issued to you pursuant to this Agreement , determined as of the date such Shares were issued to you and using the Fair Market Value of the Company's Class C Common Stock on that date . You understand and agree that your repayment of the Returnable Share Value is separate from and does not preclude the Company from seeking and obtaining other relief based on your conduct that constitutes Conduct Detrimental to the Company . 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, you will be considered to have engaged in Conduct Detrimental to the Company if 
 
 a. you engage in serious misconduct related to your employment with the Company (whether or not such serious misconduct is discovered by the Company prior to the termination of your Employment) 
 
 b. except for actions taken on behalf of your Employer within the scope of your Employment or as required by applicable law, subpoena, court order, or governmental investigation or if reasonably appropriate in litigation with the Company, you use, disclose, copy, store, or retain any confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information obtained by you in connection with your Employment 
 
 c. except for communications made on behalf of your Employer within the scope of your Employment, you advise, assist, attempt to influence or otherwise induce or persuade (or assist any other person in advertising , attempting to influence or otherwise induce or persuade) any person employed by the Company to end his or her employment with the Company or 
 
 d. you engage in Conflicting Activities (as described below) . 
 
 For purposes of this provision, Conflicting Activities means you, without the advance, express, written consent of the Company's Chief Human Resources Officer 

a. are or become a principal, owner, officer, director, shareholder or other equity owner (other than a holder of less than 5 of the outstanding shares or other equity interests of a publicly traded company) of a Competitor (as defined below) 
 
 b. are or become a partner or joint venture in any business or other enterprise or undertaking with a Competitor 
 
 c. work or perform services (including contract, consulting or advisory services) for a Competitor in any geographic area where the Company conducts business, if your work or services (i) are similar in any material way to the work or services you performed for the Company in the twenty-four month period preceding the termination of your Employment or (ii) could result in you using the Company's confidential information or trade secrets or 
 
 d. solicit, divert, take away (or attempt to solicit, divert, or take away), directly or by assistance of others, any business from the Company's clients or customers (including actively sought clients or customers) with whom you have or have had material contact during your Employment, for purposes of providing products or services that are competitive with those provided by the Company . 
 
 You understand and agree that neither this provision nor any other provision of this Agreement prohibits you from engaging in Conduct Detrimental to the Company, but only requires repayment of Returnable Share Value if you engage in Conduct Detrimental to the Company . 
 
 The term Competitor means any entity, or other business concern, that offers or plans to offer products or services that are materially competitive with any of the products or services being manufactured, offered, marketed, or are actively developed by the Company as of the date your Employment ends . 
 
 If you enter into any business, employment, or service relationship during your Employment or within the one-year period following the termination of your Employment, you agree to provide the Company sufficient information regarding the relationship to enable the Company to determine whether such employment or service constitutes Conflicting Activities . You agree to provide such information to Dell's General Counsel in writing within five business days of agreeing to the business, employment, or service relationship. You understand and agree that if you fail to provide sufficient information as required by this paragraph, the Committee may consider your failure to provide such information in making its determination, and you waive any claim or objection related to the Committee doing so and to the Committee failing to consider information you failed to provide . 
 
 The Committee shall have complete and absolute authority to make any factual findings and to construe and interpret the provisions of this Agreement, including but not limited to any determination as to whether you have engaged in Conduct Detrimental to the Company. Any such interpretations or determinations by the Committee made in good faith will be final, binding, and conclusive on you, your beneficiaries or successors, the Company and all other interested persons . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if, within 30 days of the last day of your Employment, you either reside or work in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, you agree that the provisions of the addendum attached hereto (the Addendum ), shall apply to this Agreement and control to the extent there is any conflict between the Addendum and the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Transferability The Units are not transferable other than by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and unvested Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered, whether by operation of law or otherwise, nor may the Units be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process . If you attempt to take any of the actions in the immediately preceding sentence, the Units will immediately become forfeited. Once Units have vested and Shares have been issued to you, such Shares shall be freely transferable, subject to any applicable securities laws, rules and regulations, any separately stated transfer 

restrictions that the Company may impose on such Shares, and any Restricted Periods (as defined below) to which you may be subject. 
 
 8. Trading Restrictions If you are subject to any Company blackout policy or other trading restriction imposed by the Company (a Restricted Period on the date a distribution would otherwise be made pursuant to Section 1 above, such distribution shall instead be made on the earlier of (i) the date you are not subject to any such policy or restriction and (ii) the later of (A) the end of the calendar year in which such distribution would otherwise have been made, and (B) a date that is immediately prior to the expiration of two and one-half months following the date such distribution would otherwise have been made hereunder . For purposes of this provision, you acknowledge that you may be subject to a Restricted Period for any reason that the Company determines appropriate, including Restricted Periods generally applicable to employees or groups of employees or Restricted Periods applicable to you during an investigation of allegations of misconduct or Conduct Detrimental to the Company by you. 
 
 9. Incorporation of Plan This award is granted under the Plan and is governed by the terms of the Plan in addition to the terms and conditions stated herein. This Agreement, the Grant Summary and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this award . In the event of any conflict between this Agreement or the Grant Summary and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control provided that the definitions of the Company and Employment'' set forth in Section 2 herein shall control over the conflicting definitions in the Plan. All terms used herein with their initial letters capitalized shall have the meanings given them in the Plan unless otherwise defined herein. A copy of the Plan is available upon request from the Company's Stock Plan Administration Department. Your Units will be subject to the terms of any applicable agreement of merger, liquidation or reorganization in the event the Company is subject to such corporate activity, and shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan . 
 
 10. Notice You agree that notices may be given to you in writing either at your home address as shown in the records of the Company or your Employer, or by electronic transmission (including e-mail or reference to a website or other URL) sent to you through the Company's normal process for communicating electronically with its employees . 
 
 11. No Right to Continued Employment The granting of Units does not confer upon you any right to the expectation of, or continuation of, your Employment. Unless otherwise specified in an employment or other written agreement between the Company or your Employer, as applicable, and you, the Company or your Employer, as applicable, reserves the right to terminate your Employment at any time and for any reason. 
 
 12. Limitation on Rights No Right to Future Grants Extraordinary Item of Compensation By accepting this Agreement and the grant of the Units evidenced hereby, you expressly acknowledge that (a) the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be suspended or terminated by the Company at any time (b) the grant of Units is a one-time benefit that does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Units, or benefits in lieu of Units (c) all determinations with respect to future grants, if any, including the grant date, the number of Units granted and the vesting dates, will be at the sole discretion of the Company (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary (e) the value of the Units is an extraordinary item of compensation that is outside the scope of your employment contract, if any, and nothing can or must automatically be inferred from such employment contract or its consequences (f) Units are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, and are not to be used for calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and you waive any claim on such basis (g) the grant of an equity interest in the Company gives rise to the Company's need (on behalf of itself and its stockholders) to protect itself from Conduct Detrimental to the Company, and your promises described in Section 6 (Return of Share Value) above are designed to protect the Company and its stockholders from Conduct Detrimental to the Company (h) vesting of Units ceases upon termination of Employment for any reason except as may otherwise be explicitly provided in the Plan document or in this Agreement and (i) the future value of the Units is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty . In add i tion, you understand , acknowledge and agree that you will have no rights to compensat i on or 

damages related to Units or Shares in consequence of the termination of your Employment for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of contract. 
 
 13. Data Privacy Consent As a condition of the grant of the Units, you acknowledge the legal basis for the process i ng of your personal data (as described in this paragraph) is to administer all the Units. You also expressly consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data and you understand that the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries hold certain personal information about you, including your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, nationality, job title, any ownership i nterests or directorships held in the Company, its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries and details of all Units , Shares, stock options or other equity awards awarded or cancelled Data ). You further understand that the Company, its Affiliates and Subsidiaries will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purposes of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and that the Company, its Affiliates and any of its Subsidiaries may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that these recipients may be located in the European Economic Area or elsewhere, such as the United States . You authorize them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan or the subsequent holding of shares of common stock on your behalf, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of common stock acquired under the Plan . You understand that you may, at any time, view such Data or require any necessary amendments to it. 
 
 14. Governing Law and Venue This Agreement and the Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, w i thout regard to conflict of laws principles thereof . For any dispute for which the forum and venue are not fixed by your agreement to arbitrate with the Company, the exclusive venue for any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be New Castle County, Delaware, United States of America, and the courts sitting exclusively in New Castle County, Delaware, United States of America shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate such disputes . Each party hereby expressly consents to the exercise of jurisdiction by such courts and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to such laying of venue (including the defense of inconvenient forum). 
 
 15. Effect of Invalid Provisions If any of the promises, terms or conditions set forth herein are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, any Units that have not vested as described above will expire at that time and you agree to return to the Company an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of all Shares theretofore issued to you pursuant to this Agreement, determined as of the date such Shares were issued. 
 
 16. Consent to Electronic Communications You agree that the Company may provide you with any communications associated with this award in electronic format. Your consent to receive electronic communications includes, but is not limited to, all legal and regulatory disclosures and communications associated with this award or notices or disclosures about a change in the terms and conditions of this award. 
 
 17. Internal Revenue Code Section 409A The Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person if any provisions of or payments under this Agreement are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A but not to satisfy the conditions of that section . To the extent that the Committee determines that you would be subject to the additional 20 tax imposed on certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans pursuant to Code Section 409A as a result of any provision of this Agreement , such provis i on shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to avoid application of such additional tax. The nature of such amendment shall be determined by the Committee. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of Employment only occurs upon an event that would be a Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 

18. Titles and Interpretation Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. Defined terms used in this Agreement shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms thereof . Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms . The words include, includes, and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The term hereunder shall mean this entire Agreement as a whole unless reference to a specific section or provision of this Agreement is made. Any reference to a section , subsection and provision is to this Agreement unless otherwise specified . 
 
 19. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions This award will not be effective and you may not take action with respect to the Units or the Shares until you have acknowledged and agreed to the terms and conditions set forth herein in the manner prescribed by the Company. This award will also not be effective and you may not take action with respect to the Units or the Shares if you have not executed your Key Employee Agreement and Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims in the manner prescribed by the Company. You should print a copy of this award and your Grant Summary for your records . 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Awarded subject to the terms and conditions stated above 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 By s William Balog 
 Bill Balog SVP, Global Compensation and Benefits 

Agreed to as to the language herein but will be signed electronically soon after grant 

s Anthony Charles Whitten 
 Anthony Charles Whitten 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.47>
 5
 exhibit1047fy2310-k.htm
 EX-10.47

Document 
 Exhibit 10.47 

 FIRST AMENDMENT, dated as of February 8, 2022 (this Amendment ), to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) among Denali Intermediate Inc., as Holdings Holdings ), Dell Technologies Inc., as Parent Parent ), Dell Inc., as the Company (the Company ), Dell International L.L.C., as a Borrower Dell International ), EMC Corporation, as a Borrower EMC and, together with Dell International, the Borrowers ), the Lenders party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. Parent, Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent are party to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 1, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 B. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Parent, Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each Lender on the First Amendment Effective Date have agreed to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement as set forth in Section 1.02 below in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement. 
 AGREEMENTS 
 In consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein (including in the recitals hereto) and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit Agreement also apply to this Amendment. 
 SECTION 1.02. Credit Agreement Amendments . Effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) The definition of Debt Rating set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety as follows 
 Debt Rating means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as applicable, of the non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt issued (or co-issued) by Dell International, or, if no such rating exists for such Rating Agency on such date of determination, the corporate rating of Parent. 
 (b) The definition of Rated Entity set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and replaced in its entirety as follows 
 Rated Entity means Dell International or, if the relevant rating of Dell International is not provided by any Rating Agency, Parent. 
 (c) Section 6.02(a) is hereby amended by 
 (i) replacing the comma immediately before clause (ii) thereof with the word and 
 (ii) deleting the word and immediately before clause (iii) thereof and 
 1 

(iii) deleting clause (iii) thereof in its entirety. 
 
 SECTION 1.03. Amendment Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the first date (the First Amendment Effective Date on which the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from (i) the Borrowers, (ii) Holdings, (iii) Parent, (iv) the Company, (v) the Administrative Agent and (vi) each Lender either (x) counterparts of this Amendment signed on behalf of such parties or (y) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmissions of signed signature pages) that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of the First Amendment Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 
 ARTICLE II. Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 2.01. Representations and Warranties . (a) To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Amendment, the Borrowers represent and warrant to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that, as of the First Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to the amendments to occur on the First Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Borrowers and constitutes, and the Amended Credit Agreement will constitute, its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against each of the Loan Parties in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (b) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement (excluding the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.05(c), Section 5.06 and Section 5.13 of the Credit Agreement) are, after giving effect to this Amendment on such date, true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement. 
 (c) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default exists on the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2.02. Effect of Amendment . (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the amendment of the Credit Agreement pursuant to this Amendment and all other Loan Documents amended and or executed and delivered in connection herewith shall not constitute a novation of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as in effect prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a precedent for purposes of interpreting the provisions of the Credit Agreement or entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in 
 2 

similar or different circumstances. This Amendment shall apply to and be effective only with respect to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents specifically referred to herein. 
 (b) On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import, and each reference to the Credit Agreement, thereunder , thereof , therein or words of like import in any other Loan Document, shall be deemed a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 2.03. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The provisions of Sections 10.14 and 10.15 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment to the same extent as if fully set forth herein. 
 SECTION 2.04. Costs and Expenses . The Borrowers agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable out of pocket expenses in connection with this Amendment, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cahill Gordon & Reindel llp, counsel for the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 2.05. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of any executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 2.06. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their officers as of the date first above written. 
 DENALI INTERMEDIATE INC. 
 s Tyler W. Johnson 
 NAME Tyler W. Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President & Treasurer 
 DELL INC. 
 s Tyler W. Johnson 
 NAME Tyler W. Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President & Treasurer 
 DELL INTERNATIONAL L.L.C. 
 s Tyler W. Johnson 
 NAME Tyler W. Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President & Treasurer 
 EMC CORPORATION 
 s Tyler W. Johnson 
 NAME Tyler W. Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President & Treasurer 

Signature Page to First Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 BY s Zachary Quan 
 Name Zachary Quan 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 BY s John Kowalczuk 
 Name John Kowalczuk 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 
 BY s Puneet Lakhotia 
 Name Puneet Lakhotia 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Sean Duggan 
 Name Sean Duggan 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

Citibank, N.A., as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 BY s James M. Walsh 
 Name James M. Walsh 
 Title Vice President and Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as a Lender and 
 Swingline Lender 
 BY s Dan Martis 
 Name Dan Martis 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 BY s Judith Smith 
 Name Judith Smith 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 BY s Jessica Gavarkovs 
 Name Jessica Gavarkovs 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to First Amendment 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A, as a Lender 
 BY s Phillip Magdaleno 
 Name Phillip Magdaleno 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 BY s Mark Gronich 
 Name Mark Gronich 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 BY s Ming K. Chu 
 Name Ming K. Chu 
 Title Director 
 BY s Marko Lukin 
 Name Marko Lukin 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to First Amendment 

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 BY s Sid Khanolkar 
 Name Sid Khanolkar 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

MIZUHO BANK LTD., as a Lender 
 BY s Tracy Rahn 
 Name Tracy Rahn 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as a Lender 
 BY s Sam Stockwin 
 Name Sam Stockwin 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

BNP Paribas, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Gregory R. Paul 
 Name Gregory R. Paul 
 Title Managing Director 
 By s Theodore Olson 
 Name Theodore Olson 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender 
 BY s Lillian Kim 
 Name Lillian Kim 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender 
 BY s Khrystyna Manko 
 Name Khrystyna Manko 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

SOCIETE GENERALE, as a Lender 
 BY s Jonathan Weinberger 
 Name Jonathan Weinberger 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 BY s Madison Langman 
 Name Madison Langman 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Lender 
 By s Tyrone Nicholson 
 Name Tyrone Nicholson 
 Title Manager -Corporate Lending Operations 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 BY s Carlos Cruz 
 Name Carlos Cruz 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender 
 BY s Irlen Mak 
 Name Irlen Mak 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, as a Lender 
 BY s Kristopher Tracy 
 Name Kristopher Tracy 
 Title Director, Financing Solutions 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment 

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 BY s Pablo Urgoiti 
 Name Pablo Urgoiti 
 Title Managing Director 
 BY s Andres Barbosa 
 Name Andres Barbosa 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to First Amendment 

ING BANK N.V., DUBLIN BRANCH, as a Lender 
 BY s Sean Hassett 
 Name Sean Hassett 
 Title Director 
 BY s Cormac Langford 
 Name Cormac Langford 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to First Amendment 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 6
 exhibit1048fy2310-k.htm
 EX-10.48

Document 
 Exhibit 10.48 

 SECOND AMENDMENT, dated as of November 10, 2022 (this Amendment ), to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) among Denali Intermediate Inc., as Holdings Holdings ), Dell Inc., as the Company (the Company ), Dell International L.L.C., as a Borrower Dell International ), EMC Corporation, as a Borrower EMC and, together with Dell International, the Borrowers ), the Lenders party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. Dell Technologies Inc., Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent are party to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 1, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment, dated as of February 8, 2022, and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 
 B. The Borrowers desire, pursuant to Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments under the Amended Credit Agreement. Each Person identified on Schedule 1 hereto with an Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitment (each, an Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender , and collectively, the Amendment No. 2 Additional Lenders has agreed (on a several and not a joint basis), subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to provide a Commitment Increase (collectively, the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments on the Second Amendment Effective Date in the amount set forth opposite such Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender s name on Schedule 1 hereto, and the total amount of Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments provided pursuant to this Amendment shall be 1,000,000,000, such that the aggregate amount of Commitments under the Amended Credit Agreement will be 6,000,000,000. 
 C. In addition, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each Lender on the Second Amendment Effective Date have agreed to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement as set forth in Section 1.02 below in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement. 
 AGREEMENTS 
 In consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein (including in the recitals hereto) and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit Agreement also apply to this Amendment. 
 SECTION 1.02. Credit Agreement Amendments . Effective as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, (a) the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A and (b) Schedules 1.01(a) and 1.01(b) to the Credit Agreement are each hereby amended and restated in their entirety as set forth on Schedule 2 hereto. 
 
 SECTION 1.03. Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments . 
 1 

(a) The Borrowers and each Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender hereby agree that, on the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitment of such Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender shall become effective and the Commitments shall be deemed increased by the aggregate amount of the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments of such Amendment No. 2 Additional Lenders in the amounts set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. Pursuant to Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments shall be Commitments for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents and shall be of the same class as, and shall have terms identical to, the Commitments. 
 (b) Each Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Amended Credit Agreement and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Amended Credit Agreement (iii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Amended Credit Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto and (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (c) Each Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender acknowledges and agrees that, on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, such Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender shall be a Lender under, and for all purposes of, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall be subject to and bound by the terms thereof, and shall perform all the obligations of and shall have all rights of a Lender thereunder. 
 (d) On and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall constitute an Incremental Facility Amendment with respect to the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.04. Amendment Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the first date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (the Second Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from (i) the Borrowers, (ii) Holdings, (iii) the Company, (iv) the Administrative Agent and (v) each Lender as of the Second Amendment Effective Date either (x) counterparts of this Amendment signed on behalf of such parties or (y) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmissions of signed signature pages) that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (b) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.03 of the Credit Agreement shall be satisfied on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date 
 (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company dated the Second Amendment Effective Date, certifying compliance with clause (b) above 
 (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto and dated the Second Amendment Effective Date) of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York counsel for the Loan Parties 
 (e) the Administrative Agent shall have received a secretary s certificate of the Loan Parties (i) confirming that there have been no changes to the Organization Documents of the Loan Parties or otherwise attaching a copy of each Organization Document of each Loan Party certified, to the extent 
 2 

applicable, as of a date reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Governmental Authority, (ii) attaching a copy of the signature and incumbency certificates of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (iii) attaching resolutions related to this Amendment 
 (f) the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation at least three Business Days prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and other information about the Loan Parties that shall have been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines is required by United States regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the PATRIOT Act and 
 (g) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of (x) each existing Lender that has consented to this Amendment, a fee in an amount equal to 0.02 of the aggregate principal amount of the existing Commitments of such Lender (or any Affiliate thereof) as of immediately prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and (y) each Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender, 0.10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments provided by such Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender (or any Affiliate thereof). 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of the Second Amendment Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 ARTICLE II. Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 2.01. Representations and Warranties . (a) To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Amendment, the Borrowers represent and warrant to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date and after giving effect to the amendments to occur on the Second Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of Holdings, the Company and the Borrowers and constitutes, and the Amended Credit Agreement will constitute, its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against each of the Loan Parties in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (b) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement (excluding the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.06 and Section 5.13 of the Credit Agreement) are, after giving effect to this Amendment on such date, true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement. 
 (c) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default exists on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2.02. Effect of Amendment . (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 
 3 

The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the amendment of the Credit Agreement pursuant to this Amendment and all other Loan Documents amended and or executed and delivered in connection herewith shall not constitute a novation of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as in effect prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date. Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a precedent for purposes of interpreting the provisions of the Credit Agreement or entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. This Amendment shall apply to and be effective only with respect to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents specifically referred to herein. 
 (b) On and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import, and each reference to the Credit Agreement, thereunder , thereof , therein or words of like import in any other Loan Document, shall be deemed a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute an Incremental Facility Amendment and a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 2.03. Post-Closing Covenant . On or prior to the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the Second Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto) of Arent Fox Schiff LLP, special Massachusetts counsel for EMC, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Borrowers hereby agree that EMC shall not be entitled to request any Borrowings pursuant to Section 2.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement until such time that this Section 2.03 has been satisfied. 
 SECTION 2.04. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The provisions of Sections 10.14 and 10.15 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment to the same extent as if fully set forth herein. 
 SECTION 2.05. Costs and Expenses . The Borrowers agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable out of pocket expenses in connection with this Amendment, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cahill Gordon & Reindel llp, counsel for the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 2.06. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of any executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 2.07. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their officers as of the date first above written. 
 DENALI INTERMEDIATE INC. 
 BY s Tyler Johnson 
 NAME Tyler Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 DELL INC. 
 BY s Tyler Johnson 
 NAME Tyler Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 DELL INTERNATIONAL L.L.C. 
 BY s Tyler Johnson 
 NAME Tyler Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 EMC CORPORATION 
 BY s Tyler Johnson 
 NAME Tyler Johnson 
 TITLE Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 BY s Zachary Quan 
 Name Zachary Quan 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 BY s Zachary Quan 
 Name Zachary Quan 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Puneet Lakhotia 
 Name Puneet Lakhotia 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender 
 By s Sean Duggan 
 Name Sean Duggan 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender, Swingline Lender, and L C Issuer 
 By s Susan Olsen 
 Name Susan Olsen 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Rebecca Kratz 
 Name Rebecca Kratz 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Sid Khanolkar 
 Name Sid Khanolkar 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s Mikhail Faybusovich 
 Name Mikhail Faybusovich 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 By s Michael Wagner 
 Name Michael Wagner 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A, as a Lender 
 By s Michael King 
 Name Michael King 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 By s Theodore Brown 
 Name Theodore Brown 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s Ming K Chu 
 Name Ming K Chu 
 Title Director 
 By s Marko Lukin 
 Name Marko Lukin 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 
 By s Tracy Rahn 
 Name Tracy Rahn 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Aleem Shamji 
 Name Aleem Shamji 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

BNP PARIBAS, 
 as a Lender 
 By s Gregory Paul 
 Name Gregory Paul 
 Title Managing Director 
 By s My-Linh Yoshiike 
 Name My-Linh Yoshiike 
 Title Vice-President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender 
 By s Lillian Kim 
 Name Lillian Kim 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender 
 By s Khrystyna Manko 
 Name Khrystyna Manko 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

SOCIETE GENERALE, as a Lender 
 By s Jonathan Weinberger 
 Name Jonathan Weinberger 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By s Andrea Kinnik 
 Name Andrea Kinnik 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s David Perlman 
 Name David Perlman 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 By s Carlos Cruz 
 Name Carlos Cruz 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender 
 BY s Irlen Mak 
 Name Irlen Mak 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, as a Lender 
 By s Kristopher Tracy 
 Name Kristopher Tracy 
 Title Director, Financing Solutions 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s Andres Barbosa 
 Name Andres Barbosa 
 Title Managing Director 
 By s Daniel Kostman 
 Name Daniel Kostman 
 Title Executive Director 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

ING BANK N.V., DUBLIN BRANCH, as a Lender 
 By s Cormac Langford 
 Name Cormac Langford 
 Title Director 
 By s Sean Hassett 
 Name Sean Hassett 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as a Lender 
 By s Yipeng Zhang 
 Name Yipeng Zhang 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

Schedule 1 
 
 Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 45,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. 45,000,000 Barclays Bank PLC 45,000,000 Citibank, N.A. 45,000,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 45,000,000 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 120,000,000 Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch 35,000,000 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 35,000,000 Royal Bank of Canada 35,000,000 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 35,000,000 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 35,000,000 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 35,000,000 BNP Paribas 35,000,000 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 35,000,000 The Bank of Nova Scotia 35,000,000 Soci t G n rale 35,000,000 PNC Bank, National Association 35,000,000 The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch 35,000,000 Truist Bank 20,000,000 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 20,000,000 Standard Chartered Bank 20,000,000 Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch 20,000,000 ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch 20,000,000 The Bank of New York Mellon 135,000,000 Total 1,000,000,000 

Schedule 2 
 
 Schedule 1.01(a) 
 
 Letter of Credit Commitments 
 
 L C Issuer Letter of Credit Commitment Alternative Currencies JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 83,333,333.33 EUR and GBP Bank of America, N.A. 83,333,333.33 EUR and GBP Barclays Bank PLC 83,333,333.33 EUR, CAD and GBP Citibank, N.A. 83,333,333.33 AUD, BHD, BGN, CAD, CZK, DKK, EUR, HKD, HUF, ISK, ILS, JPY, KWD, MXN, NZD, NOK, OMR, PLN, QAR, SAR, SGD, SKK, ZAR, SEK, CHF, TRY, AED and GBP Goldman Sachs Bank USA 83,333,333.33 EUR, GBP, CAD and JPY Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 83,333,333.33 EUR and GBP Total 500,000,000.00 
 
 Schedule 1.01(b) 
 
 Swingline Commitments 
 
 Swingline Lender Swingline Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 83,333,333.33 Bank of America, N.A. 83,333,333.33 Barclays Bank PLC 83,333,333.33 Citibank, N.A. 83,333,333.33 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 83,333,333.33 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 83,333,333.33 Total 500,000,000.00 

Exhibit A 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 1, 2021, 
 AS AMENDED BY THE FIRST AMENDMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 8, 2022, AND 
 THE SECOND AMENDMENT, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 10, 2022 
 
 AMONG 
 
 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC., 
 AS PARENT, 
 
 DENALI INTERMEDIATE INC., 
 AS HOLDINGS, 
 
 DELL INC., 
 AS THE COMPANY, 
 
 DELL INTERNATIONAL L.L.C., 
 AS A BORROWER, 
 
 EMC CORPORATION, 
 AS A BORROWER, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 
 AND 
 
 THE OTHER LENDERS, SWINGLINE LENDERS AND L C ISSUERS PARTY HERETO, 
 _________________ 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITIBANK, N.A. AND GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 AS JOINT LEAD ARRANGERS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITIBANK, N.A. AND GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 AS SYNDICATION AGENTS, 
 
 BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP., CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., HSBC BANK USA, MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., MUFG BANK, LTD., PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, SOCI T G N RALE , TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 
 AS DOCUMENTATION AGENTS 
 
 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
 AS SUSTAINABILITY STRUCTURING AGENT 

CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 37 41 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 38 42 
 1.04 Rounding 38 42 
 1.05 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents 38 42 
 1.06 Additional Alternative Currencies 39 43 
 1.07 Change of Currency 40 44 
 1.08 Times of Day Fiscal Year 40 44 
 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts 40 44 
 1.10 Timing of Payment or Performance 40 44 
 1.11 Sustainability Adjustments 40 44 
 1.12 Division 46 
 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 42 46 
 2.01 Loans 42 46 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 43 47 
 2.03 Letters of Credit 44 48 
 2.04 Swingline Loans 54 58 
 2.05 Prepayments 56 60 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 57 61 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans 57 61 
 2.08 Interest 57 62 
 2.09 Fees 58 62 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 58 62 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt 58 63 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback 59 63 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 60 65 
 2.14 Cash Collateral 61 66 
 2.15 Defaulting Lenders 62 67 
 2.16 Loan Modification Offers. 65 69 
 2.17 Increase in Commitments 66 70 
 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 67 72 
 3.01 Taxes 67 72 
 3.02 Illegality 72 77 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 73 77 
 3.04 Increased Costs Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans 76 79 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 78 81 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 78 82 
 3.07 Survival 79 82 
 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 79 82 
 4.01 Conditions to Closing Date 79 82 
 4.02 Reserved 81 84 
 4.03 Conditions to all Credit Extensions on and after the Closing Date 81 84 
 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 81 85 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 81 85 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 82 85 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 82 85 
 5.04 Binding Effect 82 85 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 82 85 
 i 

5.06 Litigation 83 86 
 5.07 Taxes 83 86 
 5.08 ERISA Compliance 83 86 
 5.09 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 83 87 
 5.10 Compliance with Laws 84 87 
 5.11 Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws. 84 87 
 5.12 Disclosure 84 87 
 5.13 Solvency 84 88 
 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 84 88 
 6.01 Financial Statements 85 88 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 86 89 
 6.03 Notices 87 90 
 6.04 Payment of Taxes 87 90 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc 87 90 
 6.06 Compliance with Laws 87 91 
 6.07 Books and Records 87 91 
 6.08 Use of Proceeds 88 91 
 6.09 Inspection Rights 88 91 
 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 88 91 
 7.01 Liens 88 91 
 7.02 Fundamental Changes 89 93 
 7.03 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio 90 93 
 ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 90 93 
 8.01 Events of Default 90 93 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 92 95 
 8.03 Application of Funds 92 96 
 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 93 96 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority 93 96 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 93 97 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 94 97 
 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 95 98 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 95 98 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 95 99 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arrangers, Bookrunners, and Other Lenders 96 100 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 97 100 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 97 100 
 9.10 Erroneous Payments. 98 101 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 99 102 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc 99 102 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication 100 104 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement 102 106 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 103 106 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 105 108 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns 105 108 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 110 113 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 111 114 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 111 115 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 111 115 
 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 112 115 
 10.12 Severability 112 115 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 112 115 
 ii 

10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc 113 116 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 114 117 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 114 117 
 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 114 118 
 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act 115 118 
 10.19 Judgment Currency 115 119 
 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 116 119 
 10.21 Lender ERISA Representation 116 119 
 10.22 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial 
 Institutions 117 120 
 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 118 121 
 ARTICLE XI. GUARANTEE 118 122 
 11.01 Guarantors 118 122 
 11.02 Guarantee 119 122 
 11.03 Guaranty Absolute 119 123 
 11.04 Waivers 120 123 
 11.05 Continuing Guaranty 120 124 
 11.06 Release of Guarantors 120 124 

iii 

SCHEDULES 
 
 1.01(a) Letter of Credit Commitments 
 1.01(b) Swingline Commitments 
 1.01(c) Key Performance Indicators 
 2.01 Commitments 
 2.03 Existing Letters of Credit 
 7.01 Existing Liens 
 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 A Form of Loan Notice 
 B Form of Solvency Certificate 
 C Form of Note 
 D Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 E-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 E-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 E-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 E-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 F Form of Administrative Questionnaire 
 G Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment 
 H-1 Sustainability Table 
 H-2 Form of Pricing Certificate 

iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This CREDIT AGREEMENT as amended by Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2, this Agreement is entered into as of November 1, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company Dell International and a Borrower ), EMC Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation EMC and a Borrower ), the Guarantors referred to herein, each Lender from time to time party hereto, each Swingline Lender from time to time party hereto, each L C Issuer from time to time party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested (a) the Lenders to provide Loans, subject to the Commitments, which shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000,000, to the Borrowers at any time during the Availability Period, (b) the L C Issuers to issue Letters of Credit at any time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 500,000,000 and (c) the Swingline Lenders to provide Swingline Loans at any time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 500,000,000. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Accepting Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Accretive Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Closing Date, by which the Company or any Subsidiary thereof (a) acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any Person or any going business, division thereof or line of business, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise, or (b) acquires Equity Interests of any Person having at least a majority of combined voting power of the then outstanding Equity Interests of such Person provided that the Consolidated EBITDA of Parent, Holdings, the Company and its Subsidiaries for the relevant period prior to the closing of such Accretive Acquisition, after giving effect to such Accretive Acquisition on a pro forma basis, is greater than the Consolidated EBITDA of Parent, Holdings, the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period without giving effect to such Accretive Acquisition on a pro forma basis, as determined in good faith by the Company. 
 Acquired EBITDA means, with respect to any Acquired Entity or Business for any period, as the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Acquired Entity or Business (determined as if references to Parent, Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA were references to such Acquired Entity or Business and its Subsidiaries which will become Subsidiaries of the Company), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Acquired Entity or Business. 
 Acquired Entity or Business has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Adjusted Current Liabilities has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 provided that, if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than 0.00 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) 0.10 provided that, if Adjusted Term SOFR is less than 0.00 per annum, then Adjusted Term SOFR with respect to the Loans shall be deemed to be 0.00 per annum. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of Adjusted Term SOFR shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Company and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit F or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.19 . 
 Alternative Currency means, with respect to each L C Issuer, (i) each currency (other than Dollars) specified on Schedule 1.01(a) opposite the name of such L C Issuer and (ii) each currency (other than Dollars and currencies set forth in the preceding clause (i)) that is approved by such L C Issuer in accordance with Section 1.06 provided that from and after the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the Borrowers shall have received written notice from an L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent that any such currency (other than Dollars) is not a lawful currency that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the London interbank market, no L C Issuer shall make any L C Credit Extension in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated or to be denominated in such currency (unless such currency subsequently becomes an Alternative Currency in accordance with Section 1.06 ). 
 Amendment No. 1 means the First Amendment, dated as of February 8, 2022, among Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Amendment No. 2 means the Second Amendment, dated as of November 10, 2022, among Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitment means, with respect to each Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender, the commitment of such Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender to make Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender s Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1 to Amendment No. 2 and made a part hereof. As of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Amendment No. 2 Additional Lenders Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments is 1,000,000,000. 
 Amendment No. 2 Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 2. 
 2 

Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means November 10, 2022. 
 Amendment No. 2 Arrangers means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (or, in each case, any of their designated affiliates in such capacities). 
 Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.11(b) . 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the tenth decimal place) of the Facility represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L C Issuers to make L C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender with respect to the Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Debt Ratings as set forth below 
 Pricing Level Debt Ratings S&P 
 Moody s 
 Fitch 
 Facility Unused Line Fee Eurocurrency 
 Rate and Adjusted Term SOFR 
 Base 
 Rate 
 1 BBB+ Baa1 BBB+ 0.875 0.000 0.075 2 BBB Baa2 BBB 1.000 0.000 0.100 3 BBB- Baa3 BBB- 1.150 0.150 0.125 4 BB+ Ba1 BB+ 1.250 0.250 0.175 5 BB Ba2 BB 1.500 0.500 0.250 

For purposes of the foregoing, (a) in the event that Debt Ratings are provided by each of Moody s, Fitch and S&P, and such Debt Ratings fall within different pricing levels (i) if any two Debt Ratings are at the same pricing level, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon such pricing level and (ii) if no two Debt Ratings are at the same pricing level, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the pricing level which is in the middle of the distribution of the three Debt Ratings, (b) in the event that Debt Ratings are provided by any two of Moody s, Fitch and S&P, (i) if such Debt Ratings fall within the same pricing level, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon such pricing level, and (ii) if such Debt Ratings fall within different pricing levels, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the higher of the two levels (with pricing level 1 being the highest and pricing level 5 being the lowest) unless one of the two Debt Ratings 
 3 

is two or more pricing levels lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the pricing level immediately below the pricing level of the higher of the two Debt Ratings, (c) in the event that a Debt Rating is provided only by one of Moody s, Fitch and S&P, the Applicable Rate shall be based on such pricing level and (d) in the event that no Debt Ratings are available, the pricing level shall be level 5. 
 Each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Rate may be increased or decreased in accordance with Section 1.11 provided that in no event shall the Applicable Rate be less than 0.00 . 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any L C Credit Extensions and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as determined by the applicable L C Issuer to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. In advance of the initial issuance of a Letter of Credit in any Alternative Currency, the applicable L C Issuer shall provide the Company and the Lenders with written notice of the Applicable Time for any L C Credit Extensions and payments in such Alternative Currency provided , such L C Issuer may, upon written notice to the Company and the Lenders delivered at least one Business Day in advance of the effectiveness of any update, update the Applicable Time for L C Credit Extensions and payments in such Alternative Currency. In the event no such notice is delivered by the applicable L C Issuer, the Applicable Time with respect to such L C Credit Extensions or the applicable payments shall be the time specified herein for L C Credit Extensions and payments in Dollars. 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity that administers or manages a Lender (or any Affiliate of such entity). 
 Arrangers means (i) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and each other institution listed as a joint lead arranger on the cover hereto, each in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and (ii) the Amendment No. 2 Arrangers . 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Financing Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Financing Lease Obligation. 
 Audited Financial Statements means audited consolidated balance sheets of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of, and related statements of income and cash flows of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries for, the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date provided that the filing with the SEC of such Exchange Act reports or filings containing such financial statements by Parent with respect to the relevant period shall satisfy the foregoing requirements. The Arrangers hereby acknowledge receipt of the audited financial statements required pursuant to this definition for the fiscal years ended February 1, 2019, January 31, 2020 and January 29, 2021. 
 Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 4 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.03(e). 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination in whole of the commitments of all Lenders to make Loans and of the obligation of all L C Issuers to make L C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Bail-In Action means, as to any Affected Financial Institution, the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of such Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their Affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Base Rate means , for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate plus 1 Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as published two Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 provided that, for the purpose of this definition, Adjusted Term SOFR for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) . Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or , the NYFRB Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or , the NYFRB Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR , respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that, if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to any applicable then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior Benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.03. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (a) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or 
 (b) the sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate 
 5 

by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for such Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above shall not be less than 0.00 per annum. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of any then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable currency at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day , the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
 6 

Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Benchmark 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to such Benchmark has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03 ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Board of Directors means 
 (a) with respect to a corporation or exempted company, the board of directors of the corporation or exempted company or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board 
 7 

(b) with respect to a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership 
 (c) with respect to a limited liability company, the manager, managing member or members or any controlling committee of managing members thereof and 
 (d) with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
 Bookrunner means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and each other institution listed as a joint bookrunner on the cover hereto, each in their capacity as joint bookrunner. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrowing means (a) a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type under the Facility made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and Adjusted Term SOFR Loans , having the same Interest Period or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Business Day means (a) any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office with respect to Obligations denominated in Dollars is located and , (b) if such day relates to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day that is also a London Banking Day . and (c) if such day relates to an Adjusted Term SOFR Loan or an Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Loan, any day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 Capitalized Software Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of Parent. 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L C Issuers or Lenders, as collateral for L C Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of L C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, to the extent enacted, adopted or issued after the date of this Agreement, but only to the extent such rules, regulations, or published interpretations or directives are applied to the Company and the Subsidiaries by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in substantially the same manner as applied to other similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities, including, without limitation, for purposes of Section 3.04 . 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following 
 8 

(a) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than any Permitted Holders 
 (b) Parent becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Equity Interests of Parent (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), other than the Permitted Holders, in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of Parent having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of Parent, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate or appoint directors of Parent having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of Parent or 
 (c) either of the Borrowers shall cease to be a direct or indirect subsidiary of Parent. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding or any provision of Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock (x) subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement or (y) as a result of veto or approval rights in any joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or other similar agreement, (ii) if any group includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of Parent owned, directly or indirectly, by any Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control has occurred and (iii) a Person or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Voting Stock or other securities of such other Person s Parent Entity (or related contractual rights) unless it owns more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of such Parent Entity having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of such Parent Entity. 
 Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a (a) Change of Control and (b) Rating Decline provided that clause (b) hereof shall be applicable only if Michael S. Dell is a member of either the Board of Directors or senior management of the surviving Person after giving effect to any such Change of Control. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 ). 
 Closing Date Guarantors means, as of the Closing Date, Parent, Holdings and the Company provided that upon the release or discharge of any Closing Date Guarantor from its Guarantee in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Person shall cease to be a Closing Date Guarantor. 
 Closing Date Refinancing means, collectively, (a) the repayment, repurchase or other discharge of the principal, interest, fees and other amounts, other than contingent obligations not due and payable, outstanding, and termination of all outstanding commitments, under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified), among Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as term loan B administrative agent and collateral agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as term loan A revolver administrative agent and swingline lender and each of the issuing banks and lenders from time to time party thereto, and the termination and or release of any security interests and guarantees in connection therewith and (b) the release of all subsidiary guarantees and all Liens securing the Existing Notes. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor 
 9 

administrator). The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. or its licensors as applicable. All rights reserved, or otherwise licensed by Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
 Co-Documentation Agents means each institution listed as a documentation agent on the cover hereto, each in their capacity as documentation agents. 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01 and (b) purchase participations in L C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. On the Closing Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the initial aggregate amount of Commitments was 5,000,000,000 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Amendment No. 2 Additional Commitments) was 6,000,000,000 . 
 Commitment Increases has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Communication has the meaning specified in Section 10.17 . 
 Company means Dell Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Competitor has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(b)(vi) . 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 
 (a) without duplication and to the extent already deducted (and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period 
 (i) total net interest and other expense net of income, in each case as reported in Parent s financial statements in accordance with GAAP and, if elected by the Company in its discretion and to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, interest income will not include any amounts earned by DFS or other Subsidiaries through the financing of DFS Financing Assets) and gains on such hedging obligations or such derivative instruments, and bank and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, 
 (ii) income tax provision as reported in Parent s financial statements in accordance with GAAP and, if elected by the Company in its discretion, to the extent not included in the foregoing, any other provision for taxes based on income, profits, revenue or capital, including federal, foreign and state income, franchise, excise, value added and similar taxes based on income, profits, revenue or capital and foreign withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period (including in respect of repatriated funds) including penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations, 
 (iii) depreciation and amortization (including amortization of Capitalized Software Expenditures, internal labor costs and amortization of deferred financing fees or costs), 
 (iv) other non-cash charges and or losses (other than any accrual in respect of bonuses) provided , in each case, that if any non-cash charges and or losses represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period (A) the Company may elect not to add back such non-cash charges in the current period and (B) to the extent the 
 10 

Company elects to add back such non-cash charges in the current period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), 
 (v) the amount of any non-controlling interest consisting of income attributable to non-controlling interests of third parties in any non-wholly-owned subsidiary deducted (and not added back in such period to Consolidated Net Income) excluding cash distributions in respect thereof, 
 (vi) the amount of payments made to option holders, stock holders or restricted stock unit holders of Parent or any of its direct or indirect parent companies in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to shareholders of such person or its direct or indirect parent companies, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, 
 (vii) losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any receivables or similar financing or any loan syndications by DFS or other Subsidiaries engaged in financing of DFS Financing Assets, 
 (viii) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to paragraph (c) below for any previous period and not added back, 
 (ix) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any other items of a similar nature, 
 (x) the amount of any fees and expenses (including any Transaction Costs, transaction or retention bonus or similar payment, any earnout, contingent consideration, obligation or purchase price adjustment) incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, in each case whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 460), 
 (xi) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and investments in debt and equity securities), 
 (xii) any non-cash expense or costs that result from the issuance of stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar incentive-based compensation awards or arrangements, 
 (xiii) the amount of any extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) or expenses (including any unusual or non-recurring operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost saving initiatives 
 11 

and any accruals or reserves in respect of any extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual items), severance, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses (including related to new product introductions and other strategic or cost saving initiatives), restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring and integration costs related to acquisitions prior to or after the Closing Date and adjustments to existing reserves), whether or not classified as restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements, signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, other executive recruiting or retention costs, transition costs, costs related to closure consolidation of facilities and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and judgments thereof), 
 (xiv) the cumulative effect (if negative) of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent reducing Consolidated Net Income, 
 (xv) any loss for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments, 
 (xvi) the amount of any increase to accruals and reserves as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period, 
 (xvii) any loss attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts, and 
 (xviii) any loss on asset sales, disposals or abandonments (other than asset sales, disposals or abandonments in the ordinary course of business) 
 plus 
 (b) without duplication and to the extent not included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies related any Specified Transaction, any restructuring, cost saving initiative or other initiative projected by the Company in good faith to be realized as a result of actions that have been taken or initiated or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Company), including any cost savings, expenses and charges (including restructuring and integration charges) in connection with, or incurred by or on behalf of, any joint venture of Parent, Holdings, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (whether accounted for on the financial statements of any such joint venture or Parent) within 24 months after such Specified Transaction, restructuring, cost saving initiative or other initiative (including actions initiated prior to the consummation thereof) (which cost savings shall be added to Consolidated EBITDA until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings had been realized on the first day of the relevant period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized from such actions provided that (A) such cost savings are reasonably quantifiable and factually supportable, (B) no cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (b) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges relating to such cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies that are included in clause (a) above (it being understood and agreed that run rate shall mean the full recurring benefit that is associated with any action taken), and (C) the share of any such cost savings, expenses and charges with respect to a joint venture that are to be allocated to Parent, Holdings, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries in any period shall not exceed the total amount thereof for any such joint venture multiplied by the percentage of income of such venture expected to be included in Consolidated EBITDA for such period, in each case, at any date of determination, for the most recently completed of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) (without giving effect to any adjustments pursuant to this clause (b) 
 less 
 12 

(c) without duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period 
 (i) non-cash income or non-cash gains provided that, if any non-cash income or non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, the Company may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period), 
 (ii) the amount of any non-controlling interest consisting of loss attributable to non-controlling interests of third parties in any non-wholly-owned subsidiary added (and not deducted in such period from Consolidated Net Income), 
 (iii) any income for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments, 
 (iv) the amount of any decrease to accruals and reserves as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period, 
 (v) any income attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts, and 
 (vi) any gain on asset sales, disposals or abandonments (other than asset sales, disposals or abandonments in the ordinary course of business), 
 in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis for Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP provided that 
 (I) there shall be included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period, without duplication, the Acquired EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset acquired by Parent, Holdings, the Company, any Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period, whether such acquisition occurred before or after the Closing Date to the extent not subsequently sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (but not including the Acquired EBITDA of any related Person, property, business or assets to the extent not so acquired) (each such Person, property, business or asset acquired, including pursuant to the Transactions or pursuant to a transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date, and not subsequently so disposed of, an Acquired Entity or Business based on the Acquired EBITDA of such Acquired Entity or Business for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition or conversion) determined on a historical pro forma basis provided that the Company may elect in its sole discretion not to make such adjustment with respect to any such acquisition having consideration in an amount less than 500,000,000, and 
 (II) there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period the Disposed EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified as discontinued operations by Parent, Holdings, the Company, any Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period (but if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations, only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of) (each such Person, property, business or asset so sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified, a Sold Entity or Business based on the Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such sale, transfer, disposition, closure, classification or conversion) determined on a historical pro forma basis provided that the Company may elect in its sole discretion not to make such adjustment with respect to any such sale, transfer or other disposition having consideration in an amount less than 500,000,000 (or any such closure or classification with respect to properties, businesses or assets with a fair market value, as determined in good faith by the Company, of less than 500,000,000). 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any period, for Parent, Holdings, the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) all cash interest expense of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness thereof described in clause (a) of the definition of Indebtedness or attributable to Financing Lease Obligations (including all 
 13 

commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under hedging agreements), net of cash interest income provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, interest income will not include any amounts earned by DFS or other Subsidiaries through the financing of DFS Financing Assets) of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP, plus (b) non-cash interest expense resulting solely from paid in kind interest on Indebtedness described in clause (a) of the definition thereof and the amortization of original issue discount from the issuance of Indebtedness of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries at less than par, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) amortization of deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and any other amounts of non-cash interest other than specifically referred to in clause (b) above (including as a result of the effects of acquisition method accounting or pushdown accounting), (ii) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under hedging agreements or other derivative instruments pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging, (iii) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (iv) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any receivables or similar financing (including in respect of any DFS-related financing), (v) all non-recurring cash interest expense or additional interest for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (vi) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect to any investment, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (vii) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, including, without limitation, any Indebtedness issued, prepaid, redeemed or otherwise retired in connection with the Transactions, (viii) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (ix) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (x) any interest expense attributable to a direct or indirect parent entity resulting from push down accounting and (xi) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting. 
 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the four prior fiscal quarters ending on such date to (b) Consolidated Interest Charges for such period. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (loss) of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income for any period the effects from applying acquisition method accounting, including applying acquisition method accounting to inventory, property and equipment, loans and leases, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue (including deferred costs related thereto and deferred rent) required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries), as a result of any acquisition consummated prior to, or after, the Closing Date or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof. 
 Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of assets (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom (a) all current liabilities, except for (i) notes and loans payable, (ii) current maturities of long-term debt and (iii) current maturities of Financing Lease Obligations (such current liabilities referred to in this clause (a), less the items set forth in sub-clauses (i) through (iii), the Adjusted Current Liabilities ), and (b) to the extent included in such aggregate amount of assets, all intangible assets, goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, organization and development expenses, unamortized debt discount and expenses and deferred charges (other than capitalized unamortized product development costs, such as, without limitation, capitalized hardware and software development costs) (such items referred to in this clause (b), the Intangible Assets ), all as set forth on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of Parent and its subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter prior to the applicable date of determination for which financial statements are available provided that, for purposes of testing the covenants under this Agreement in connection with any transaction, (i) the assets and Intangible Assets of Parent and its subsidiaries shall be adjusted to reflect any acquisitions and dispositions of assets or Intangible Assets, as the case may be, that have occurred during the period from the date of the applicable balance sheet through the applicable date of determination, including the transaction being tested under this Agreement and (ii) the Adjusted Current Liabilities of Parent and its subsidiaries shall be adjusted to 
 14 

reflect any increase or decrease in Adjusted Current Liabilities as a result of such transaction being tested under this Agreement or any acquisitions or dispositions of assets that have occurred during the period from the date of the applicable balance sheet through the applicable date of determination. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Extension means each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L C Credit Extension. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Debt Rating means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as applicable, of the non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt issued (or co-issued) by Dell International, or, if no such rating exists for such Rating Agency on such date of determination, the corporate rating of Parent. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum provided , however , that with respect to Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Loans and Adjusted Term SOFR Loans , the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including the Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate applicable to Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans plus 2 per annum. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.15(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender, any L C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender or any L C Issuer, as applicable, in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public 
 15 

statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of (A) a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or (B) a Bail-In Action, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.15(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company, the Swingline Lenders, the L C Issuers and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Dell International has the meaning assigned to it in the recitals hereto. 
 Designated Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country or territory which is itself the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions (which as of the Closing Date are Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of Ukraine). 
 DFS means Dell Financial Services L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 DFS Financing Assets means loans, installment sale contracts, receivables arising under revolving credit accounts, software licenses, maintenance services agreements, service contracts, leases (including all equipment and software subject to leases) or subleases (including any related account receivable or note receivable) entered into with or purchased by Parent, Holdings, the Company or any Subsidiary to finance the acquisition or use of products or services and other assets customarily included in connection with a financing thereof (including any assets resulting from a financing provided by DFS or the Global Financial Services division of EMC Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation), together with all proceeds thereof. 
 Disposed EBITDA means, with respect to any Sold Entity or Business for any period, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business (determined as if references to Parent, Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA (and in the component financial definitions used therein) were references to such Sold Entity or Business and its subsidiaries), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Sold Entity or Business. 
 disposition or dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction or by means of a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(b)(vi) . 
 16 

Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the applicable L C Issuer at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of Dollars with such Alternative Currency. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 10.17 . 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iv) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iv) ). 
 EMC has the meaning assigned to it in the recitals hereto. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person (other than, prior to the date of conversion, Indebtedness that is convertible into Equity Interests) or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or 
 17 

notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (g) the determination that any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430 or 432 of the Code or Sections 303 or 305 of ERISA or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency Rate means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, subject to Section 3.03 , the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company from time to time) (the LIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period and if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and 
 (b) for any rate calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date , the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11 00 a.m., London time determined two London Banking Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day . 
 provided that to the extent a successor rate is established pursuant to Section 3.03 , such rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided , further , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time (with respect to the definition of Change of Control only, as in effect on January 1, 2018). 
 Excluded Debt shall mean (a) Indebtedness owing to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (b) Indebtedness under the Facility, (c) Indebtedness (including Financing Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the purchase, lease, construction, installation, replacement, repair or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the capital stock of any Person owning such assets, so long as such indebtedness exists at the date of such purchase, lease or improvement or is created within 12 months thereafter provided that Liens securing indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to this clause (c) extend only to the assets purchased with the proceeds of such indebtedness, accessions to such assets and the proceeds and products thereof, any lease of such assets (including accessions thereto) and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits in respect thereof provided , however , that individual financings of equipment provided 
 18 

by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender, (d) any reasonable purchase facilities, factoring transaction, securitization, receivables financing transaction or similar financing, (e) DFS-related financings, (f) Indebtedness that is assumed by the Company or any Subsidiary of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into the Company or a Subsidiary) after the Closing Date in connection with an acquisition of assets by the Company or any Subsidiary (so long as such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation thereof) and (g) Indebtedness assumed or otherwise incurred by a Foreign Subsidiary in connection with an Accretive Acquisition provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness excluded pursuant to clauses (f) and (g) above at any time shall not exceed the Maximum Secured Debt Limit. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any L C Issuer or any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of an L C Issuer or a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Recipient with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit Commitment or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such L C Issuer or Lender acquires such interest in the Letter of Credit Commitment or Commitment, as applicable (or, to the extent such L C Issuer or Lender, as applicable, did not issue a Letter of Credit or fund an applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Letter of Credit Commitment or Commitment, as applicable, on the date on which such L C Issuer or Lender, as applicable, acquires its interest in such Letter of Credit or Loan, as applicable), other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 3.06(b) or (ii) such L C Issuer or Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such L C Issuer s or Lender s assignor immediately before such L C Issuer or Lender, as applicable, acquired the applicable interest in such Letter of Credit, Loan or Commitment or to such L C Issuer or Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any Taxes imposed under FATCA. For purposes of clause (b)(i) of this definition, a participation acquired pursuant to Section 2.13 shall be treated as having been acquired on the earliest date(s) on which the applicable L C Issuer or Lender acquired the applicable interests in the Letter of Credit Commitments, Commitments or Loans to which such participation relates. 
 Existing Letter of Credit means each letter of credit set forth on Schedule 2.03 . 
 Existing Notes means, collectively, the Borrowers 5.450 First Lien Notes due 2023, 4.000 First Lien Notes due 2024, 5.850 First Lien Notes due 2025, 6.020 First Lien Notes due 2026, 4.900 First Lien Notes due 2026, 6.100 First Lien Notes due 2027, 5.300 First Lien Notes due 2029, 6.200 First Lien Notes due 2030, 8.100 First Lien Notes due 2036 and 8.350 First Lien Notes due 2046. 
 Facility means the Commitments, the Loans and the L C Obligations. 
 Fair Market Value means with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arm s length and arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, such value shall be determined in good faith by the Company. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to 
 19 

comply with), any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, guidance notes or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities implementing the foregoing. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Financial Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, director of treasury, controller or other similar officer of such Person or, in the absence of the foregoing, a director, manager or similar officer of such Person. 
 Financing Lease Obligation means an obligation that is required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not a straight-line or operating lease) on both the balance sheet and income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. At the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a financing or capital lease would be the amount required to be reflected as a liability on such balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP. 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, a business segment of Fitch Group, Inc. and its successors. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of (a) the Outstanding Amount of all outstanding L C Obligations relating to such L C Issuer other than L C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender outstanding at such time. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the 
 20 

purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness provided that the term guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer of the Company. The term guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guarantee has the meaning specified in Section 11.02 . 
 Guarantee Trigger Condition means, on any date of determination, either 
 (a) (i) the Rated Entity has a Debt Rating from any two Rating Agencies reflecting ratings at or below the ratings corresponding to pricing level 4 in the pricing grid set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness described under clause (a) of the definition thereof incurred or guaranteed by Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors (excluding any Excluded Debt), exceeds the greater of (A) 2,750,000,000 and (B) 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or 
 (b) (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Existing Notes is greater than 5,000,000,000 and (ii) such Existing Notes are guaranteed by any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor. 
 For purposes of clause (a) above, (x) in the event that a Debt Rating is provided by only one Rating Agency, the condition in clause (i) shall be deemed satisfied if the Rated Entity has a Debt Rating from such Rating Agency reflecting ratings at or below the ratings corresponding to pricing level 4 in the pricing grid set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate and (y) in the event that no Debt Ratings are available, the condition in clause (i) shall be deemed satisfied. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 11.02 . 
 Guarantors means (a) as of the Closing Date, the Closing Date Guarantors and (b) any Subsidiary that becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 provided that, upon the release or discharge of any Subsidiary from its Guarantee in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Person shall cease to be a Guarantor. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Impacted Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Increase Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(d) . 
 Incremental Arranger has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b) . 
 Incremental Facility Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(f) . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 21 

(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, including Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) monetary obligations arising under supply or consignment agreements, in each case of clause (i) and this clause (ii) , not overdue by more than 90 days or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which reasonable reserves are being maintained and (iii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and if not paid after being due and payable for a period of 120 days) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) Financing Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations and 
 (g) all guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any Financing Lease Obligation or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) above shall (unless such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Company and the Subsidiaries shall exclude intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue, (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller and (iii) Indebtedness of any direct or indirect parent of Parent appearing on the balance sheet of Parent solely by reason of push down accounting under GAAP. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Intangible Assets has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 22 

Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the fifteenth day of each April, July, October and January and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan and Adjusted Term SOFR Loan , the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by a Borrower in its Loan Notice , or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by a Borrower and consented to by all the (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable Lenders to the relevant Loan or Commitment) provided that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan , such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or an Adjusted Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.03(e) shall be available for specification in any Loan Notice and 
 (iv) (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date then in effect. 
 Investors means each of (a) (i) Michael S. Dell and his Affiliates, related estate planning and charitable trusts and vehicles and his family members, and also upon Michael S. Dell s death, (ii) any Person who was an Affiliate of Michael S. Dell that upon his death directly or indirectly owns Equity Interests in any Parent Entity of Dell, Dell or any Subsidiary and (iii) Michael S. Dell s heirs, executors and or administrators, (b) MSDC Management L.P., its Affiliates and any funds, partnerships or other coinvestment vehicles managed, advised or controlled by the foregoing or their respective Affiliates and (c) Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., SL SPV-2, L.P. and their Affiliates and any funds, partnerships or other co-investment vehicles managed, advised or controlled by the foregoing or their respective Affiliates, excluding, in each case, Parent and its subsidiaries and any portfolio companies of any of the foregoing. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the applicable L C Issuer and a Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the applicable L C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.19 . 
 KPI Metric means each of the Sustainable Packaging Percentage and the Renewable Electricity Capacity Percentage. 
 23 

KPI Metrics Auditor means ERM CVS, or any replacement auditor thereof as designated from time to time by the Company provided that any such replacement KPI Metrics Auditor shall be (a) a nationally recognized auditing firm or (b) another auditing firm designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 KPI Metrics Certificate means an annual certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent attached to the Pricing Certificate for the fiscal year then most recently ended prepared by or on behalf of the Company and including the KPI Metrics for such fiscal year in reasonable detail pursuant to standards and or methodology that (a) are consistent with then generally accepted industry standards or (b) if not so consistent, are proposed by the Company and approved by the Required Lenders. 
 L C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. All L C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 L C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed or refinanced as a Borrowing, in each case, on the date required pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . All L C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 L C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 L C Issuers means (a) each Lender identified on Schedule 1.01(a) , (b) solely with respect to any Existing Letter of Credit, the Lender that issued such Existing Letter of Credit and (c) each Lender that shall have become an L C Issuer hereunder as provided in Section 2.03(l) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be an L C Issuer as provided in Section 2.03(m) ), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder provided that each L C Issuer may perform its obligations hereunder through one or more of its Affiliates. 
 L C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP or the exclusion of Article 36 of the UCP, as applicable, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption that holds a Commitment or a Loan and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment in accordance with Section 2.17 , in each case other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes each Swingline Lender and each L C Issuer. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify a Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 24 

Letter of Credit means (i) any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder and (ii) each Existing Letter of Credit. Letters of Credit may be issued, at the option of a Borrower, in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L C Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Commitment means, as to any L C Issuer, the obligation of such L C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit for the account of a Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such L C Issuer s name on Schedule 1.01(a) , or, for any L C Issuer becoming an L C Issuer after the Closing Date, such amount as is separately agreed to in a written agreement between a Borrower and such L C Issuer (which such agreement shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent following execution). 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h) . 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the greater of (a) 500,000,000 and (b) the aggregate Commitments of all L C Issuers. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments. 
 Liabilities means the recorded liabilities (including contingent liabilities that would be recorded in accordance with GAAP) of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, determined in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 
 LIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate . 
 LIBOR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 LIBOR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to any proposed LIBOR Successor Rate, any conforming changes to the definition of Base Rate, Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), to reflect the adoption and implementation of such LIBOR Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such LIBOR Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent reasonably determines with the consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document ). 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 Loan means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
 25 

Loan Documents means this Agreement , Amendment No. 1, Amendment No. 2 , each Note and each Issuer Document. 
 Loan Modification Agreement means a Loan Modification Agreement, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and one or more Accepting Lenders, effecting one or more Permitted Amendments and such other amendments hereto and to the other Loan Documents as are contemplated by Section 2.16 . 
 Loan Modification Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans , pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower. 
 Loan Parties means Parent, Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers and the Guarantors. 
 London Banking Day means any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (or group of Subsidiaries as to which a specified condition applies) that would be a significant subsidiary under Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 
 Maturity Date means the later of (a) (i) prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the date that is five (5) years after the Closing Date , and (ii) on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, November 1, 2027 and (b) if the maturity of the Facility is extended pursuant to Section 2.16 , such extended maturity date with respect to the applicable Accepting Lenders as determined pursuant to such Section provided that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . 
 Maximum Secured Debt Limit means, as of any date of computation thereof, an amount equal to the greater of (a) 2,750,000,000 and (b) 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent prior to such date of computation for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 . 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 101 , or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103 , of the Fronting Exposure of the L C Issuers with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.14(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 101 , or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103 , of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuers in their sole discretion (which amount may be 0 ). 
 26 

Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Non-Accepting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 Nonrecourse Obligation means indebtedness or other Obligations substantially related to (a) the acquisition of assets not previously owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as to which the obligee with respect to such indebtedness or Obligation has no recourse to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the proceeds thereof). 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to the Borrowers, substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit G or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 27 

Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate of formation or organization, limited liability company agreement or operating agreement or other applicable governing agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06(b) ). 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Loans occurring on such date, and (b) with respect to any L C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by a Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuer, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Parent means Dell Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its successors by merger or consolidation. 
 Parent Entity means any Person that, with respect to another Person, owns more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of such other Person having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of such other Person. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 28 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . 
 Payment has the meaning specified in Section 9.10 . 
 Payment Notice has the meaning specified in Section 9.10 . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in Section 412 and 430 of the Code and Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is maintained or is contributed to by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 Permitted Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement and, if applicable, the other Loan Documents effected in connection with a Loan Modification Offer pursuant to Section 2.16 , applicable to all, or any portion of, the Loans and or Commitments of the Facility of the Accepting Lenders providing for (a) an extension of a maturity date with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders, (b) a change in the Applicable Rate with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders and or (c) a change in the fees payable to, or the inclusion of new fees to be payable to, the Accepting Lenders, (d) any change to the call protection with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders, and or (e) additional covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date at the time of such Loan Modification Offer or also added for the benefit of any Loans and or Commitments of the Facility remaining outstanding after the issuance or incurrence of such Loans and or Commitments (it being understood that no consent shall be required by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders to provide for such additional covenants or other provisions). 
 Permitted Holder means (a) each of the Investors and members of management of Parent and its subsidiaries who are holders of Equity Interests of Parent on the Closing Date and any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) of which any of the foregoing or any Permitted Holder specified in the last sentence of this definition are members and any member of such group provided that, in the case of such group and any member of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, such Investors, members of management and Person or group specified in the last sentence of this definition, collectively, own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of Parent having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of Parent held by such group, (b) any Permitted Parent and (c) any Permitted Plan. 
 Permitted Parent means any Parent Entity that at the time it became a Parent Entity of Parent was a Permitted Holder pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof and was not formed in connection with, or in contemplation of, a transaction that would otherwise constitute a Change of Control. 
 Permitted Plan means any employee benefits plan of Parent or its Affiliates and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 29 

Plan means any employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained by the Company or, solely with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Company or, solely with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of their respective employees. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . 
 Present Fair Saleable Value means the amount that could be obtained by an independent willing seller from an independent willing buyer if the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole are sold with reasonable promptness in an arm s-length transaction under present conditions for the sale of comparable business enterprises insofar as such conditions can be reasonably evaluated. 
 Pricing Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company and (a) attaching the KPI Metrics Certificate for the most recently ended fiscal year and setting forth the Sustainability Margin Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment for the period covered thereby and computations in reasonable detail in respect thereof and (b) a review report of the KPI Metrics Auditor confirming that the KPI Metrics Auditor is not aware of any modifications that should be made to such computations in order for them to be presented in all material respects in conformity with the applicable standards for the computation thereof. 
 Pricing Certificate Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.11(a) hereof. 
 Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy has the meaning set forth in Section 1.11(c) hereof. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Rated Entity means Dell International or, if a corporate rating of Dell International is not provided by any Rating Agency, Parent. 
 Rating Agency means each of S&P, Moody s and Fitch. 
 Rating Decline means the occurrence of a decrease in any Debt Rating by one or more gradations by any two of three Rating Agencies (including gradations within the rating categories, as well as between categories), within 60 days after the earlier of (a) a Change of Control, (b) the date of public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or (c) public notice of the intention of the Company to effect a Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced ratings review for possible downgrade by either of such two Rating Agencies, it being understood that a change in ratings outlook shall not extend such 60-day period) provided , however , that a Rating Decline otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Rating Decline for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) unless each of such two Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply announces or publicly confirms or informs the Administrative Agent in writing at the Company s or its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable 
 30 

Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Rating Decline) provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, a Rating Decline shall not be deemed to have occurred so long as the Rated Entity has a Debt Rating from at least two of three Rating Agencies reflecting ratings at or above the ratings corresponding to pricing level 3 in the pricing grid set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (a) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (b) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, four Business Days prior to such setting or (c) if such Benchmark is neither Term SOFR Rate nor Daily Simple SOFR, the time reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Related Adjustment means, in determining any LIBOR Successor Rate at any time, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the relevant Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate (taking into account the interest period, interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated and or tenor thereto) that is substantially consistent with market practice at such time, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, which spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment will become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have notified all Lenders thereof unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object thereto. 
 Related Indemnified Person of an Indemnitee means (i) any Controlling Person or any Affiliate of such Indemnitee, (ii) the respective directors, officers, or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or any of its Affiliates and (iii) the respective agents, advisors and representatives of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or any of its Affiliates, in the case of this clause (iii) , acting at the instructions of such Indemnitee, Controlling Person or such Affiliate (it being understood and agreed that any agent, advisor or representative of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or any of its Affiliates engaged to represent or otherwise advise such Indemnitee, Controlling Person or Affiliate in connection with the Transactions is to be deemed to be acting at the instruction of such Person). 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, Controlling Persons, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . 
 Removal Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b) . 
 Renewable Electricity has the meaning assigned to such term in Schedule 1.01(c) . 
 Renewable Electricity Fee Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.005 , if the Renewable Electricity Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is less than the Renewable Electricity Percentage Threshold, (b) 0.000 , if the Renewable Electricity Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to the Renewable Electricity Percentage Threshold but less than the Renewable Electricity Percentage Target, and (c) negative 0.005 , if the Renewable Electricity Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to Renewable Electricity Percentage Target. 
 31 

Renewable Electricity Margin Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.025 , if the Renewable Electricity Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is less than the Renewable Electricity Percentage Threshold, (b) 0.000 , if the Renewable Electricity Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to the Renewable Electricity Percentage Threshold but less than the Renewable Electricity Percentage Target, and (c) negative 0.025 , if the Renewable Electricity Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to the Renewable Electricity Percentage Target. 
 Renewable Electricity Percentage has the meaning assigned to such term in Schedule 1.01(c) . 
 Renewable Electricity Percentage Target means, with respect to any fiscal year, the Renewable Electricity Amount Target for such fiscal year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Renewable Electricity Percentage Threshold means, with respect to any fiscal year, the Renewable Electricity Amount Threshold for such fiscal year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Loans, a Loan Notice, and (b) with respect to an L C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders at such time. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. 
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(a) . 
 Resolution Authority means any EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, director of treasury, controller or other similar officer, manager or a director of a Loan Party, including any individual designated by any of the foregoing officers or directors pursuant to a power of attorney, and with respect to certain limited liability companies or partnerships that do not have officers, any director, manager, sole member, managing member or general partner thereof, and solely for purposes of the delivery of certificates pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iii) , the secretary or any assistant secretary of the applicable Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Revaluation Date means, with respect to any Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency, each of the following (a) the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, (b) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (c) each date of drawing thereunder, (d) the last Business Day of every calendar month after the date of issuance thereof while such Letter of Credit is outstanding and (e) such additional dates as any L C Issuer shall reasonably determine or the Required Lenders shall reasonably require. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of its Loans and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Swingline 
 32 

Loans and L C Obligations (net of all participations therein purchased by other Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(ii) and participations in Swingline Loans and L C Obligations at such time. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sanction(s) means any economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other applicable sanctions authority. 
 Sanctioned Person means an individual or entity that is or is owned or controlled by any individuals or entities that are (a) the subject or target of any Sanctions, (b) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals or (c) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Senior Managing Agents means each institution listed as a senior managing agent on the cover hereto, each in their capacity as senior managing agents. 
 SOFR with respect to any Business Day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source) at approximately 8 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day and, in each case, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Sold Entity or Business has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Solvent means (a) the Fair Market Value of the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole exceeds their Liabilities, (b) the Present Fair Saleable Value of the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole exceeds their Liabilities, (c) the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole after consummation of the Transactions is a going concern and has sufficient capital to reasonably ensure that it will continue to be a going concern for the period from the date hereof through the Maturity Date taking into account the nature of, and the needs and anticipated needs for capital of, the particular business or businesses conducted or to be conducted by the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as reflected in the projected financial statements and in light of the anticipated credit capacity and (d) for the period from the date hereof through the Maturity Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries on a 
 33 

consolidated basis taken as a whole will have sufficient assets and cash flow to pay their Liabilities as those liabilities mature or (in the case of contingent Liabilities) otherwise become payable, in light of business conducted or anticipated to be conducted by the Company and the Subsidiaries as reflected in the projected financial statements and in light of the anticipated credit capacity. 
 Specified Transaction means, with respect to any period, any investment, acquisition, sale or other disposition or transfer of assets, equity issuance, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, dividend or other distribution with respect to any Equity Interests or purchase, redemption, or termination of any Equity Interests, in each case, to the extent the Company or its Subsidiaries pay or receive cash or other assets with a fair market value equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount (as determined by the Company in good faith upon the consummation thereof) in connection with such transaction. 
 Spot Rate for a currency means the rate determined by the applicable L C Issuer to be the rate quoted as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person acting in such capacity of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made provided that the applicable L C Issuer may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by such L C Issuer if it does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency and provided further that such L C Issuer may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, exempted or limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (i) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (ii) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 . 
 Sustainability Fee Adjustment with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the sum of (a) the Sustainable Packaging Fee Adjustment Amount plus (b) the Renewable Electricity Fee Adjustment Amount, in each case for such period. 
 Sustainability Margin Adjustment with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the sum of (a) the Sustainable Packaging Margin Adjustment Amount plus (b) the Renewable Electricity Margin Adjustment Amount, in each case for such period. 
 Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.11 . 
 Sustainability Structuring Agent means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, in its capacity as sustainability structuring agent under this Agreement. 
 Sustainability Table means the Sustainability Table set forth on Exhibit H-1 . 
 Sustainable Packaging has the meaning assigned to such term in Schedule 1.01(c) . 
 Sustainable Packaging Fee Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.005 , if the Sustainable Packaging Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is less than the Sustainable Packaging Percentage 
 34 

Threshold, (b) 0.000 , if the Sustainable Packaging Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to the Sustainable Packaging Percentage Threshold but less than the Sustainable Packaging Percentage Target, and (c) negative 0.005 , if the Sustainable Packaging Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to Sustainable Packaging Percentage Target. 
 Sustainable Packaging Margin Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.025 , if the Sustainable Packaging Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is less than the Sustainable Packaging Percentage Threshold, (b) 0.000 , if the Sustainable Packaging Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to the Sustainable Packaging Percentage Threshold but less than the Sustainable Packaging Percentage Target, and (c) negative 0.025 , if the Sustainable Packaging Percentage as set forth in the applicable KPI Metrics Certificate is more than or equal to the Sustainable Packaging Percentage Target. 
 Sustainable Packaging Percentage has the meaning assigned to such term in Schedule 1.01(c) . 
 Sustainable Packaging Percentage Target means, with respect to any fiscal year, the Sustainable Packaging Amount Target for such fiscal year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Sustainable Packaging Percentage Threshold means, with respect to any fiscal year, the Sustainable Packaging Amount Threshold for such fiscal year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) , the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swingline Commitment means, as to any Swingline Lender, the obligation of such Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans to the Borrowers from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Swingline Lender s name on Schedule 1.01(b) , or, for any Swingline Lender becoming a Swingline Lender after the Closing Date, such amount as is separately agreed to in a written agreement between a Borrower and such Swingline Lender (which such agreement shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent following execution). 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 35 

Swingline Lender means (a) each Lender identified on Schedule 1.01(b) and (b) each Lender that shall have become a Swingline Lender hereunder as provided in Section 2.04(d) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be a Swingline Lender as provided in Section 2.04(e), (f) or (g) ), each in its capacity a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04. 
 Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the greater of 500,000,000 and (b) the aggregate Commitments of all Swingline Lenders. 
 Syndication Agents means each of Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, each in its capacity as a syndication agent hereunder. 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate . 
 Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate for any period that is approximately (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)) as long as any of the Interest Period options set forth in the definition of Interest Period and that is based on SOFR and that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, in each case as published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company from time to time in its reasonable discretion. , with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If, by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Test Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent ending on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) provided that, prior to the first 
 36 

date financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) , the Test Period in effect shall be the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent ended July 30, 2021. 
 Threshold Amount means 500,000,000. 
 Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of unused Commitments of such Lender and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender. 
 Transaction Costs means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by Parent, Holdings, the Company, any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the establishment of the Facility and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) the Closing Date Refinancing, (c) the VMware Spin, (d) the consummation of any other transactions in connection with the foregoing and (e) the payment of the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any of the foregoing (including the Transaction Costs). 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan , an Adjusted Term SOFR Loan or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the 2007 version of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits of the International Chamber of Commerce, Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain Affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement Rate excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unaudited Financial Statements means an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of, and related statements of income and cash flows of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries for, each fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter of a fiscal year) of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries, subsequent to the last fiscal year reflected in the Audited Financial Statements and ended at least 45 days before the Closing Date together with the consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income and cash flows for the corresponding portion of the previous year (subject, in each case, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes) provided that the filing with the SEC of such Exchange Act reports or filings containing such financial statements by Parent with respect to the relevant period shall satisfy the foregoing requirements. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means SecureWorks Corp., a Delaware corporation, and each of its subsidiaries. 
 Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 37 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 VMware means VMware, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 VMware Spin means the disposition by Parent of its Equity Interests in VMware pursuant to that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between Parent and VMware. 
 Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board of Directors or managers of such Person (or, if such Person is a partnership, the Board of Directors or other governing body of the general partner of such Person). 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 38 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. For purposes of determining compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 7.03 or availability of any basket contained in this Agreement, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and or Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a pro forma basis to give effect to all Specified Transactions (and all Indebtedness incurred or repaid in connection therewith) that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or (other than actual compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.03 subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made, including any acquisition or disposition outside the ordinary course of business, including any discontinued operations outside the ordinary course provided that if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of). 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP or the application thereof would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided that, until so amended, (A) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (B) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of Parent, Holdings, the Company and the Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for Parent and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that Parent is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.05 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The applicable L C Issuer shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating Dollar Equivalent amounts of L C Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts of L C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. 
 39 

(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the applicable L C Issuer on the basis of the Spot Rate as of the most recent Revaluation Date. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate or with respect to any rate that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any of such rates (including, without limitation, any LIBOR Successor Rate) or the effect of any of the foregoing , or of any LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes . 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, no Default or Event of Default shall arise as a result of any limitation or threshold set forth in this Agreement being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. 
 (e) The applicable L C Issuer shall provide written notice to the Borrowers of each applicable Spot Rate on, and the occurrence of, each Revaluation Date. 
 1.06 Additional Alternative Currencies . 
 (a) A Borrower may from time to time request that Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than Dollars or any Alternative Currency described in clause (i) of the definition thereof provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the London interbank market. Any such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer. 
 (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m., ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the desired L C Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer, in their sole discretion). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable L C Issuer of any such request. The applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11 00 a.m., five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such other time or date as may be agreed by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in their sole discretion) whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency. 
 (c) Any failure by an L C Issuer to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such L C Issuer to permit Letters of Credit issued by it to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer consents to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify such Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances by such L C Issuer. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.06 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify such Borrower. 
 (d) In order to implement any Alternative Currency approved in accordance with this Section 1.06 , the Administrative Agent and the Company may make any technical or operational changes to this Agreement as necessary without any further consent from any Lender or L C Issuer. 
 1.07 Change of Currency . 
 (a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro in accordance with the legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union as its lawful currency after 
 40 

the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption, provided that if and to the extent that such legislation or member state provides that any such obligation may be paid by debtors in either Euro or the currency of such member state, then the Borrowers shall be permitted to repay such amount either in Euro or such other currency. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency. 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 
 (c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
 1.08 Times of Day Fiscal Year . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to (i) times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable) and (ii) fiscal year shall refer to a fiscal year of the Parent ending on or about January 29 (as may be modified from time to time). 
 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time (as such amount may be reduced by (a) any permanent reduction of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit or (b) any amount which is drawn, reimbursed and no longer available under such Letter of Credit). 
 1.10 Timing of Payment or Performance . When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment or performance, except as otherwise specified herein, shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 1.11 Sustainability Adjustments . 
 (a) The Company may, at its election, deliver a Pricing Certificate to the Administrative Agent in respect of the most recently ended fiscal year on any date prior to the date that is 180 days following the last day of such fiscal year (the date the Administrative Agent s receipt thereof, each a Pricing Certificate Date ). Upon delivery of a Pricing Certificate in respect of a fiscal year, (i) the Applicable Rate for the Loans incurred by the Borrowers shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Margin Adjustment as set forth in the KPI Metrics Certificate delivered with such Pricing Certificate, and (ii) the Applicable Rate for the Unused Line Fee shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Fee Adjustment as set forth in such KPI Metrics Certificate. For purposes of the foregoing, the Sustainability Margin Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment shall be determined as of the fifth Business Day following the Pricing Certificate Date for such Pricing Certificate based upon the KPI Metrics for such fiscal year set forth in the KPI Metrics Certificate delivered with such Pricing Certificate and the calculations of the Sustainability Margin Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment in such KPI Metrics Certificate (such fifth Business Day, a Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date ). Each change in the Applicable Rate on any Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date shall be effective during the period commencing on and including such Sustainability Pricing 
 41 

Adjustment Date and ending on the date immediately preceding the next Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date. 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, only one Pricing Certificate may be delivered in respect of any fiscal year. It is further understood and agreed that the Applicable Rate for Loans incurred by the Borrowers will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.05 and that the Applicable Rate for the Unused Line Fee will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.01 , pursuant to the Sustainability Margin Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment, respectively, on any Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Applicable Rate for such Loans or such Unused Line Fee by reason of meeting one or several KPI Metrics in any fiscal year shall not be cumulative year-over-year. The adjustments pursuant to this Section made on any Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date shall only apply for the period until the date immediately preceding the next Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date. 
 (c) If, for any fiscal year, either (i) no Pricing Certificate shall have been delivered for such fiscal year or (ii) the Pricing Certificate delivered for such fiscal year shall fail to include the Renewable Electricity Percentage or Sustainable Packaging Percentage for such fiscal year, then the Sustainability Margin Adjustment will be positive 0.050 and or the Sustainability Fee Adjustment will be positive 0.010 , as applicable, in each case commencing on the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered in accordance with the terms of clause (a) above (it being understood that, in the case of the foregoing clause (ii), the Sustainability Margin Adjustment or the Sustainability Fee Adjustment will be determined in accordance with such Pricing Certificate to the extent the (A) Sustainability Margin Adjustment or the Sustainability Fee Adjustment is included in such Pricing Certificate and (B) the Administrative Agent has separately received the Renewable Electricity Percentage and or Sustainable Packaging Percentage, as applicable). 
 (d) If (i) the Company becomes aware of any material inaccuracy in the Sustainability Margin Adjustment, the Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics as reported in a Pricing Certificate (any such material inaccuracy, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy ), and (ii) a proper calculation of the Sustainability Margin Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics would have resulted in an increase in the Applicable Rate for the Loans incurred by the Borrowers and the Unused Line Fee for any period during the prior twelve months, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such inaccuracy and (x) commencing on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, the Applicable Rate for the Loans and the Unused Line Fee shall be adjusted to reflect the corrected calculations of the Sustainability Margin Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics, as applicable, and (y) the Borrowers shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders, promptly on demand (and in any event within 10 Business Days) by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the excess of (1) the amount of interest for the Loans and Unused Line Fees that should have been paid for such twelve month period over (2) the amount of interest for the Loans and Unused Line Fees actually paid for such twelve month period. If the Company becomes aware of any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and, in connection therewith, if a proper calculation of the Sustainability Margin Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics would have resulted in a decrease in the Applicable Rate for the Loans and the Unused Line Fee for any period during the prior twelve months, then, upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of notice from the Company of such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (which notice shall include corrections to the calculations of the Sustainability Margin Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics, as applicable) (x) commencing on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, the Applicable Rate for the Loans and the Unused Line Fee shall be adjusted to reflect the corrected calculations of the Sustainability Margin Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics, as applicable, and (y) an amount equal to the excess of (1) the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such twelve month period over (2) the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such twelve month period shall be credited to the account of the Borrowers and shall reduce the amount of interest for the Loans and Unused Line Fees owing by the Borrowers in future periods to the Lenders (on a pro rata basis) on the date of payment of such interest for the Loans or Unused Line Fees for such future period. 
 42 

(e) It is understood and agreed that any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) any nonpayment of such additional amounts prior to or upon such demand for payment by Administrative Agent shall not constitute a Default (whether retroactively or otherwise) and (ii) none of such additional amounts shall be deemed overdue prior to the date that is 10 Business Days after such a demand or shall accrue interest at the rate provided in Section 2.08(b) prior to the date that is 10 Business Days after such a demand. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Company to deliver a Pricing Certificate shall not under any circumstance constitute a Default or an Event of Default. 
 (f) Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Sustainability Structuring Agent shall have any responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Company of any Sustainability Margin Adjustment or Sustainability Fee Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability Structuring Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 
 1.12 Division . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 2.01 Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans to the Borrowers in Dollars from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount (i) in accordance with its Applicable Percentage and (ii) not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Commitment provided , however , that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the total Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, from and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, any Loan Notice that elects a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be ineffective. 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans . 
 (a) Each Borrowing of Loans, and each conversion of Loans (other than Swingline Loans) from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon a Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice provided , further , that any Loan Notice delivered in connection with a Borrowing to be made on the Closing Date may be subject to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Closing Date. Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 11 00 a.m. three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Adjusted Term SOFR Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans and (ii) 10 00 a.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans provided , however , that if a Borrower wishes to request Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such 
 43 

request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 11 00 a.m., three Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify the applicable Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not such other requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the applicable Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If a Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if a Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month. Any automatic conversion to Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If a Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. For the avoidance of doubt, Swingline Loans may not be converted or continued. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, from and after Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, any Loan Notice that elects a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be ineffective. 
 (b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by a Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Borrowing, each relevant Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice not later than (i) in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, 11 00 a.m., and (ii) in the case of Base Rate Loans, 12 00 p.m. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (or, in the case of any Credit Extension to be made on the Closing Date, Sections 4.01 and 4.03 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either, at such Borrower s option, by (i) crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by such Borrower provided , however , that if, on the date any such Borrowing is to be made, there are L C Borrowings outstanding pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(iii) , then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L C Borrowings, and, second, shall be made available to the applicable Borrower as provided above. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan . During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, from and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, any outstanding Borrowing that the Borrowers request to continue as, or convert into, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall instead be converted to an Adjusted Term SOFR Loan with the Interest Period specified in the applicable Loan Notice (or, if no Interest Period is specified in such Loan Notice, an Interest Period of one month) at the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR 
 44 

Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the applicable Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Administrative Agent s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than 20 Interest Periods (or such greater number as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) in effect with respect to Loans. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from and including the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars (or in one or more Alternative Currencies) for the account of any Borrower or any Subsidiary (as specified by such Borrower in the request for such Letter of Credit), and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Borrower or any Subsidiary and any drawings thereunder provided that after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations under Letters of Credit issued by any such L C Issuer shall not exceed such L C Issuer s Letter of Credit Commitment, (x) the total Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by a Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by such Borrower that the L C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, a Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly such Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
 (ii) An L C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if 
 (A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless (1) the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date or (2) such Borrower shall have provided Cash Collateral reasonably acceptable to such L C Issuer or 
 (B) the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (1) all the Lenders have approved such expiry date, (2) such Borrower shall have provided Cash Collateral reasonably acceptable to such L C Issuer or (3) the applicable L C Issuer consents (it being understood that, with respect to clauses (2) and (3) above, the Lenders shall automatically be released from their participation 
 45 

obligations with respect to any such Letter of Credit and their obligations to make Loans or L C Advances to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for amounts drawn under any such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03(c) , in each case, from and after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date). 
 (iii) An L C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L C Issuer in good faith deems material to it 
 (B) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 100,000 
 (C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency 
 (D) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer with such Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such L C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued and or other L C Obligations as to which such L C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure or 
 (E) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of general application of such L C Issuer now or hereafter applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (iv) An L C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if such L C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
 (v) An L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 
 (vi) Each L C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities as provided herein with respect to such L C Issuer. 
 46 

(b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit (other than with respect to the deemed issuance hereunder of each Existing Letter of Credit on the Closing Date) shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of a Borrower delivered to the applicable L C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by such L C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to such L C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by such L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 10 00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L C Issuer may reasonably agree in a particular instance) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) (B) the amount and currency thereof (C) the expiry date thereof (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder and (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day) and (C) the nature of the proposed amendment. Additionally, such Borrower shall furnish to the applicable L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, each applicable L C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from such Borrower and, if not, such L C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of such Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from such L C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii) If a Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such L C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance or amendment, as applicable, of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued or amended, as applicable. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable L C Issuer, a Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such L C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders 
 47 

shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date (or, subject to Section 2.03(a)(ii)(B) , to any later time as such L C Issuer may consent) provided , however , that each applicable L C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if such L C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise). 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L C Issuer will also deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements Funding of Participations . 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent thereof. The Borrowers shall reimburse the applicable L C Issuer in the currency in which the relevant Letter of Credit is denominated, unless, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in any Alternative Currency, (A) such L C Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) the Borrowers shall have notified such L C Issuer promptly following receipt of such notice that the Borrowers (at its option) will provide such reimbursement in Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Borrowers of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. Not later than (x) in the case of Letters of Credit to be reimbursed in Dollars, (1) 4 00 p.m. on the date of any drawing under a Letter of Credit issued by an L C Issuer or (2) if the notice described in the first sentence of this Section 2.03(c)(i) with respect to such drawing is not received by the Borrowers from the applicable L C Issuer on or prior to 11 00 a.m. on such date of drawing, 11 00 a.m. on the next succeeding Business Day after receipt by the Borrowers of such notice and (y) in the case of a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency, the Applicable Time with respect to the applicable L C Issuer on the next succeeding Business Day after receipt by the Borrowers of the notice described in the first sentence of this Section 2.03(c)(i) with respect to the drawing of such Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrowers shall reimburse such L C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing in Dollars (or the applicable Alternative Currency, as applicable). In the event that (A) a drawing denominated in an Alternative Currency is to be reimbursed in Dollars pursuant to the second sentence in this Section 2.03(c)(i) and (B) the Dollar amount paid by the Borrowers, whether on or after the Honor Date, shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in such Alternative Currency equal to the drawing, the Borrowers agree, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify the applicable L C Issuer for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase such Alternative Currency in the full amount of the drawing. If a Borrower fails to timely reimburse any such L C Issuer on the applicable Honor Date, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency) (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, such Borrower shall be deemed to have timely requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the applicable Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the 
 48 

conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice given by an L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall upon receipt of any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable L C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 12 00 Noon on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to such Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable L C Issuer in Dollars to reimburse such L C Issuer for the amounts required pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L C Issuer an L C Borrowing in the amount of the portion of such Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate until paid in full. In such event, each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L C Borrowing and shall constitute an L C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 
 (iv) Until each Lender funds its Loan or L C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L C Issuer. 
 (v) Each Lender s obligation to make Loans or L C Advances to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such L C Issuer, any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever (B) in the case of L C Advances, the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (other than delivery by a Borrower of a Loan Notice). No such making of an L C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the applicable L C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees 
 49 

customarily charged by such L C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L C Advance in respect of the relevant L C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable L C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after any L C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender s L C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in Dollars and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligations of the Borrowers under this Section 2.03 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following 
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrowers or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any L C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) waiver by any L C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrowers or any waiver by any L C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrowers 
 (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft 
 50 

(vi) any payment made by any L C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, or, as applicable, the ISP or the UCP 
 (vii) any payment by any L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by such L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
 (viii) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally or 
 (ix) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. 
 The applicable Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with such Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, such Borrower will promptly notify each applicable L C Issuer. The applicable Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against such L C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (f) Role of L C Issuers . Each Lender and the Borrowers agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, no L C Issuer shall have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. No L C Issuer shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any of the Borrowers or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by such L C Issuer or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Each L C Issuer shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to such L C Issuer by a Borrower, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. None of the L C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrowers hereby assume all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (ix) of Section 2.03(e) provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrowers may have a claim against the L C Issuers, and each L C Issuer may be liable to the Borrowers, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrowers which the Borrowers prove were caused by such L C Issuer s willful misconduct, gross negligence, willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit, or material breach of such L C Issuer s obligations under this Agreement, 
 51 

in each case, by obtaining a final and nonappealable judgment in the Borrowers favor by a court of competent jurisdiction. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L C Issuers may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L C Issuers shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. An L C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. In the event that any L C Issuer performs its obligations hereunder through one or more of its Affiliates, the provisions of this Section 2.03(f) shall apply with respect to such Affiliate as if such Affiliate was an L C Issuer. 
 (g) Applicability of ISP and UCP Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L C Issuer and the Borrowers when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the laws of the State of New York, shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L C Issuer shall be responsible to the Borrowers for, and each L C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrowers shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L C Issuer required or permitted under any Law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where such L C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or the UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (h) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15 , with such Lender s Applicable Percentage, in Dollars, a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate with respect to Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans (determined on a per annum basis) times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the fifteenth calendar day following the last day of each of Parent s fiscal quarters, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate with respect to Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate with respect to Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
 (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to the L C Issuers . The Borrowers shall pay directly to each applicable L C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer, at the rate of 0.125 per annum, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the fifteenth calendar day following the last day of each of Parent s fiscal quarters in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09 . In addition, the Borrowers shall pay directly to each applicable L C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and 
 52 

charges, of such L C Issuer relating to letters of credit issued by it. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrowers, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (l) Designation of Additional L C Issuers . The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, designate as additional L C Issuers one or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as an L C Issuer hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and such designated Lender and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an L C Issuer under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term L C Issuers shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 (m) Termination Resignation of an L C Issuer . 
 (i) The Borrowers may terminate the appointment of any L C Issuer as an L C Issuer hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such L C Issuer, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (A) such L C Issuer s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (B) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof provided that no such termination shall become effective with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer (or its Affiliates) until and unless the L C Obligations attributable to such Letter of Credit shall have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount. At the time any such termination shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the terminated L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(i) with respect to any Letters of Credit to the extent the L C Obligations attributable thereto have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized as described above. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights, obligations and duties of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it (or its Affiliates) prior to and outstanding as of the effectiveness of such termination, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit. 
 (ii) Any L C Issuer may resign as an L C Issuer at any time upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Lenders provided that (a) it shall have assigned all of its Commitments and Loans pursuant to Section 10.06(b) hereof at or prior to the time of such resignation or (b) another Lender acceptable to the Borrowers shall have assumed the commitments of such resigning L C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit (and, to the extent such assuming Lender was not an L C Issuer hereunder, such assuming Lender shall have become an L C Issuer hereunder). Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such resignation, any resigning L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights, obligations and duties of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to and outstanding as of the effectiveness of such resignation, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit. Upon the appointment of a successor L C Issuer, (A) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning L C Issuer other than in respect of Letters of Credit issued by 
 53 

such resigning L C Issuer prior to its resignation as set forth above, as the case may be, and (B) the successor L C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding on behalf such resigning L C Issuer at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the resigning L C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of such L C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 (n) Reporting of Letter of Credit Information. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, (i) on the last Business Day of each calendar month, (ii) on each date that a Letter of Credit is amended, terminated or otherwise expires, (iii) on each date that an L C Credit Extension or drawing occurs with respect to any Letter of Credit, and (iv) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer (or, in the case of clause (ii) , (iii or (iv) , each applicable L C Issuer) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a report setting forth in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent information (including, without limitation, any reimbursement, Cash Collateral, or termination in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such L C Issuer) with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer that is outstanding hereunder. No failure on the part of any L C Issuer to provide such information pursuant to this Section 2.03(n) shall limit the obligation of the Borrowers or any applicable Lender hereunder with respect to its reimbursement and participation obligations, respectively, pursuant to this Section 2.03 . In addition, the applicable Borrower and the applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent if at any time the Letter of Credit Commitment of such L C Issuer is changed (whether pursuant to Section 2.03(m) , by agreement between such Borrower and such L C Issuer, or otherwise), and such change shall be reflected in a revised Schedule 1.01(a) . 
 (o) Existing Letters of Credit . The Existing Letters of Credit will be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement on the Closing Date. 
 2.04 Swingline Loans . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including Section 2.15 ), in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , each Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrowers from time to time during the Availability Period denominated in dollars in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that (i) does not exceed its Swingline Commitment, (ii) will not result in the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the Aggregate Commitments, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment and (iv) will not result in the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans outstanding exceeding Swingline Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrowers shall notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable Swingline Lender of such request by telephone (confirmed in writing) or by facsimile or electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Swingline Lender (confirmed by telephone), not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, or, if agreed by the applicable Swingline Lender, 3 00 p.m. New York City time on the day of such proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Swingline Loan and, in the case of any L C Borrowing, the identity of the applicable L C Issuer. The applicable Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to such Borrower by means of a credit to any accounts of such Borrower maintained with such Swingline Lender for the Swingline Loan by 3 00 p.m., New York City time (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made available pursuant to a notice delivered by 3 00 p.m. in accordance with the procedures above, such later time as agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Swingline Lender), on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) A Swingline Lender may, by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans of such Swingline Lender outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to 
 54 

each Lender, specifying in such notice the Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or any reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.12(b) with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.12(b) shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the applicable Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrowers (or other Person on behalf of the Borrowers) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted by such Swingline Lender to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the applicable Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the applicable Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, and thereafter to the Borrowers, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrowers for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrowers of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d) The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, designate as additional Swingline Lenders one or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as a Swingline Lender hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and such designated Swingline Lender, and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 (e) The Borrowers may terminate the appointment of any Swingline Lender as a Swingline Lender hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Swingline Lender, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Swingline Lender s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof provided that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the Swingline Exposure of such Swingline Lender shall have been reduced to zero. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such termination, but shall not make any additional Swingline Loans. 
 (f) Any Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of a Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.08(a) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the 
 55 

replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (g) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender (or the agreement by an existing Swingline Lender to assume the Swingline Commitment of the resigning Swingline Lender), any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.04(f) above. 
 2.05 Prepayments . 
 (a) A Borrower may, upon delivery of a Notice of Loan Prepayment to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (a) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Adjusted Term SOFR Loans and (ii) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans (b) any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Adjusted Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof and (c) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment, the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Adjusted Term SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by a Borrower, such Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein provided that, so long as the Administrative Agent is notified prior to the prepayment date, a notice of optional prepayment may state that such notice is conditional upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked by such Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied. Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Adjusted Term SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.15 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
 (b) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Borrower in writing that the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of the Lenders at such time exceeds 101 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, then, within three Business Days after receipt of such written notice from the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall prepay Loans and or such Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations in an aggregate amount at least equal to such excess, or such Borrower shall take such other action to the extent necessary to eliminate any such excess provided , however , that, subject to the provisions of Section 2.14(a) , such Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless after any such prepayment of Loans, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of the Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Unless terminated earlier pursuant to subsection (b) below, the Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Following the Closing Date, the Borrowers may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Commitments provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 10 00 a.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess 
 56 

thereof, (iii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the Commitments, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess provided , further , that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments delivered may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice may be revoked by such Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date of termination or reduction) if such condition is not satisfied. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments. The amount of any such Commitment reduction shall not be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit unless otherwise specified by such Borrower or unless required by proviso (iv) of the preceding sentence. Any reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Maturity Date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans made to the applicable Borrower outstanding on such date, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such principal amount to but excluding the date of such repayment. 
 (b) The Borrowers shall repay to the applicable Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan made by such Swingline Lender on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is 10 Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 2.08 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and , (ii each Adjusted Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and (iii each Base Rate Loan (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) If any amount (including principal of any Loan, interest, fees or any other amount) payable by a Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, during the continuance of an Event of Default under clauses (a) , (f) or (g) of Section 8.01 , then such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (c) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (d) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 57 

2.09 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 
 (a) Unused Line Fee . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee equal to the then-applicable percentage (per annum) set forth under the column Unused Line Fee in the definition of Applicable Rate , times the actual daily amount by which the aggregate Commitments of such Lender exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures (excluding Swingline Loans) of such Lender. The Unused Line Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth calendar day following the last day of each of Parent s fiscal quarters, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and ending on the last day of the Availability Period. The Unused Line Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in such Unused Line Fee percentage pursuant to the definition of Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by such Unused Line Fee percentage separately for each period during such quarter that such Unused Line Fee percentage was in effect. 
 (b) Other Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to a Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to a Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to such Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 58 

2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 11 00 a.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each such Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after (i) 11 00 a.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue as if received at 11 00 a.m. or such Applicable Time, as applicable, on such succeeding Business Day. If any payment to be made by a Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except in the case of payments to be made directly to any L C Issuer in an Alternative Currency, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, a Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. 
 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 11 00 a.m. on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the applicable Borrower the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the applicable Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Payments by Borrowers Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L C Issuers hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the relevant Lenders or the relevant L C Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of such Lenders or such L C Issuers, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for 
 59 

each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or a Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to a Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to satisfy its obligations hereunder. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any participation in any Swingline Loan or L C Obligation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase such participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f) Insufficient Funds . If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Parties at such time) of payment on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans, subparticipations in L C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 60 

(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by or on behalf of a Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (B) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.14 , or (C) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in Swingline Loans or L C Obligations to any assignee or participant (including the Borrowers or any Affiliate thereof). 
 The Borrowers consent to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrowers rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation. 
 2.14 Cash Collateral . 
 (a) Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) any L C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding (in each case other than with respect to any L C Obligations arising in respect of Letters of Credit for which the expiry date extends after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(ii)(B)(1) or (3) , unless requested by the applicable L C Issuer), (iii) the Borrowers are required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02(c) , or (iv) there exists a Defaulting Lender, the Borrowers shall within one Business Day following any request by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuers (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies a Borrower at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any L C Obligations in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit issued by L C Issuers that have been terminated or have resigned pursuant to Section 2.03(m or Section 2.16(c) at such time exceeds 105 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then, within three Business Days after receipt of such notice, such Borrower shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations in an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit. The Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, L C Issuers that have been terminated or have resigned pursuant to Section 2.03(m or Section 2.16(c) , but which still have outstanding Letters of Credit) may, at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit of such Cash Collateral, request that such Borrower provide additional Cash Collateral no later than three Business Days following receipt of such request in order to protect against the results of actual fluctuations in any Spot Rate provided that the amount of any such Cash Collateral shall not be required to exceed at any time, after giving effect to such additional Cash Collateral, 101 , or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103 , of the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit at such time. 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrowers, and to the extent Cash Collateral is to be provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.14(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuers as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrowers or, to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit 
 61 

accounts at the Administrative Agent. The Borrowers shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
 (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.15 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L C Obligations, obligation to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the Administrative Agent s and the applicable L C Issuer s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided , however , the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L C Issuers may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 2.15 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01 . 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L C Issuers and Swingline Lenders hereunder third, to Cash Collateralize the L C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.14 fourth, as a Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14 sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Swingline Lenders or the L C Issuers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Swingline Lender or any L C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh, so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such 
 62 

payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L C Borrowings and such Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clause (a) of the definition thereof, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (or, if such Borrowing is a Borrowing made on the Closing Date, Sections 4.01 and 4.03 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are funded and unfunded participations in L C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender and L C Issuer irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . 
 (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fees payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 (C) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrowers shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any Letter of Credit Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Swingline Loans and L C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to each L C Issuer the amount of any such Letter of Credit Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Swingline Loans and L C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (v) Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, Cash Collateralize the L C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14 . 
 63 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders and the L C Issuers agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 2.16 Loan Modification Offers. 
 (a) At any time after the Closing Date, the Borrowers may on one or more occasions, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, make one or more offers (each, a Loan Modification Offer to all the Lenders to effect one or more Permitted Amendments relating to the Facility pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrowers (including mechanics to permit conversions, cashless rollovers and exchanges by Lenders and other repayments and reborrowings of Loans of Accepting Lenders or Non-Accepting Lenders replaced in accordance with Section 10.13 ). Such notice shall set forth (i) the terms and conditions of the requested Permitted Amendment and (ii) the date on which such Permitted Amendment is requested to become effective. Permitted Amendments shall become effective only with respect to the Loans and Commitments of the Lenders that accept the applicable Loan Modification Offer (such Lenders, the Accepting Lenders and, in the case of any Accepting Lender, only with respect to such Lender s Loans and Commitments as to which such Lender s acceptance has been made. 
 (b) A Permitted Amendment shall be effected pursuant to a Loan Modification Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrowers, each applicable Accepting Lender and the Administrative Agent provided that no Permitted Amendment shall become effective unless the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent such legal opinions, authorizing resolutions, secretary s certificates, officer s certificates and other documents as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Loan Modification Agreement. Each Loan Modification Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender other than the applicable Accepting Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.16 , including any amendments necessary to treat the applicable Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders as a new Facility of loans and or commitments hereunder and to reallocate, if applicable, Revolving Credit Exposure on a pro rata basis among the relevant Lenders. 
 (c) If, in connection with any proposed Loan Modification Offer, any Lender does not consent to such Loan Modification Offer on the terms or by the deadline set forth in such Loan Modification Offer (each such Lender, a Non-Accepting Lender then the Borrowers may, on notice to the Administrative Agent and such Non-Accepting Lender, replace such Non-Accepting Lender in whole or in part by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.06 all or any part of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Loans and Commitments to one or more Eligible Assignees (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrowers to find a replacement Lender provided , further , that (i) the applicable assignee shall have agreed to provide Loans and or Commitments on the terms set forth in the applicable Permitted Amendment, (ii) such Non-Accepting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of the Loans assigned by it pursuant to this Section 2.16 , accrued interest thereon, 
 64 

accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) and (iii) unless waived, the Borrowers or such Eligible Assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 10.06(b)(v) . If any Non-Accepting Lender replaced in accordance with this Section 2.16(c) is an L C Issuer immediately prior to such replacement, then the interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement assigned to the relevant Eligible Assignee shall, for the avoidance of doubt but subject to the following proviso, include the Letter of Credit Commitment of such Non-Accepting Lender, and such Eligible Assignee shall become an L C Issuer hereunder in accordance with Section 2.03(l) provided that (x) no such assignment of the applicable Letter of Credit Commitment shall become effective with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such Non-Accepting Lender (or its Affiliates) until and unless the L C Obligations attributable to any such Letter of Credit shall have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount, (y) at the time any such assignment of the applicable Letter of Credit Commitment shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the assigning L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(i) with respect to any Letters of Credit to the extent the L C Obligations attributable thereto have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized as described in clause (x) above, and (z) notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such assignment of the applicable Letter of Credit Commitment, the assigning L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it (or its Affiliates) prior to and outstanding as of the effectiveness of such assignment, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit. 
 (d) No rollover, conversion or exchange (or other repayment or termination) of Loans or Commitments pursuant to any Loan Modification Agreement in accordance with this Section 2.16 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 2.17 Increase in Commitments . 
 (a) Request for Increase . Upon notice to the Administrative Agent or the Incremental Arranger, the Borrowers may, from time to time, request increases in the aggregate Commitments Commitment Increases provided that (i) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Commitment Increase (assuming that the full amount of such Commitment Increase is drawn) and the use of proceeds thereof, shall not be less than 3.00 1.00 for the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 , and (ii) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000. 
 (b) Lender Elections to Increase . If the Borrowers elects to offer participation in such Commitment Increases to Lenders, a notice shall be sent to each relevant Lender and, at the time of sending such notice, the Borrowers (in consultation with the Administrative Agent or the arranger arranging such Commitment Increase (the Incremental Arranger )) shall specify the time period within which the requested Lenders are requested to respond. Each requested Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall notify the Incremental Arranger within such time period whether or not it agrees to provide a Commitment Increase, and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its relevant Applicable Percentage of such requested Commitment Increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to provide a Commitment Increase. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation to agree to provide a Commitment Increase and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of such Lender. 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent or Incremental Arranger Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent or the Incremental Arranger shall notify the Borrowers and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, the Borrowers may also invite Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger, the Administrative Agent and their respective counsels. 
 65 

(d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Incremental Arranger and the Borrowers shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Incremental Arranger shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the applicable Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to any such increase, (i) each Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent modified by any materiality or Material Adverse Effect standard, in all respects) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent modified by any materiality or Material Adverse Effect standard, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.17 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (2) no Default exists and (ii) in the case of any Commitment Increase provided by any Person that is not an existing Lender immediately before giving effect to such Commitment Increase, the Borrowers shall have obtained the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent to such new Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (f) Commitments in respect of Commitment Increases shall become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Facility Amendment (including any technical amendments required to effectuate such increase) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing such Commitment Increase, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Incremental Facility Amendment. Each Incremental Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any Lender other than the lenders providing the Commitment Increase established thereby, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.17 , including any amendments necessary, at the election of the Borrowers, (i) to treat the applicable Commitments of such Lenders as a new Facility of loans and or commitments hereunder or (ii) in connection with an Incremental Facility Amendment related to a Commitment Increase, to reallocate, if applicable, Revolving Credit Exposure on a pro rata basis among the relevant Lenders. In the case of any Commitment Increase, the outstanding Loans and L C Obligations will be reallocated by the Administrative Agent on the effective date thereof among the Lenders (including the new and existing Lenders providing such Commitment Increase) in accordance with their revised Applicable Percentage (and the Lenders (including the new and existing Lenders providing such Commitment Increase) agree to make all payments and adjustments necessary to effect such reallocation). 
 (g) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by any applicable withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such 
 66 

deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii) If any applicable withholding agent shall be required by any applicable Laws to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any such payment, then (A) such withholding agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such withholding agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Loan Parties shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions of Indemnified Taxes (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 ), the applicable Lender (or, in the case of a payment received by the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction of Indemnified Taxes been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) The Loan Parties shall on a joint and several basis, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority provided that the Loan Parties shall not be required to compensate any Recipient pursuant to this Section 3.01(c)(i) for any interest, additions to tax or penalties that accrue on and after the date that is 180 days after the date such Recipient first receives written notice from the applicable taxing authority of the specific tax assessment relating to the applicable Indemnified Taxes to the extent that the notification described in the next sentence is not provided within such time period. Any Recipient claiming indemnity pursuant to this Section 3.01(c)(i) shall notify the Borrowers of the imposition of the relevant Indemnified Taxes as soon as practicable after the Recipient becomes aware of such imposition. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability (together with a reasonable explanation thereof) delivered to the Borrowers by the Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. Each of the Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below provided that, promptly following the written request of a Loan Party after the making of any such payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall assign to such Loan Party the rights of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below against such Lender with respect to the amount paid by such Loan Party (other than any setoff rights against such Lender). 
 (ii) Each Lender shall severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after written demand therefor, (A) the Administrative 
 67 

Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Loan Parties have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (B) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (C) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Loan Parties in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, as applicable, shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent or the Loan Parties under this clause (ii) . 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . (i) Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times and in the manner prescribed by applicable law or such other time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or the taxing authorities of a jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation shall only be required to the extent the relevant Recipient is legally eligible to do so. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person (or, if such Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is owned by a U.S. Person) shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable law or upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), two duly executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender (or such U.S. Person, as applicable) is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable law or upon the reasonable request of the 
 68 

Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), two duly executed originals of whichever of the following is applicable 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner) eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty 
 (II) IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) with respect to such Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, with respect to such owner) 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner) entitled to the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender (or such owner, as applicable) is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation that is related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and that interest payments on the Loans are not effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business by such Foreign Lender (or such owner, as applicable) (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) (or successor form) or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal tax purposes, such owner) is not the beneficial owner of such payments, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY (or successor form), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) (or any successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3 , IRS Form W-9 (or successor form), and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s) 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), executed versions of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 69 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (E) The Administrative Agent, and any successor or supplemental Administrative Agent, shall deliver to the Borrowers on or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent becomes the administrative agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers) duly executed originals of either (i) IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) or (ii) a U.S. branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form) evidencing its agreement with the Borrowers to be treated as a U.S. person (with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender) and IRS Form W-8ECI (with respect to amounts received on its own account), with the effect that, in either case, the Borrowers will be entitled to make payments hereunder to the Administrative Agent without withholding or deduction on account of U.S. federal withholding Tax. 
 (iii) Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly (x) update such form or certification or (y) notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent in writing that (A) such form or certification has expired or has become obsolete or inaccurate and (B) such Recipient is legally ineligible to update such form or certification. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(e) , no Lender shall be required to deliver any documentation that it is not legally eligible to deliver. 
 (v) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Loan Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.01(e) . 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines, in its reasonable discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrowers or with respect to which the Borrowers have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrowers an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrowers under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrowers, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrowers (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such 
 70 

refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrowers pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 (h) For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 3.01, the term Lender includes each L C Issuer and each Swingline Lender. 
 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to perform any of its obligations hereunder or make, maintain or fund or charge interest with respect to any Credit Extension or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR , or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Credit Extension, or to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice , (i) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable convert all Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to Adjusted Term SOFR Loans or all Adjusted Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), as applicable, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Adjusted Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Adjusted Term SOFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a) Except in connection with an occurrence described in clause (c) below , if in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (a) the Administrative Agent determines that (i) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London eurodollar interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any 
 71 

requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (a) above, Impacted Loans ), or (b) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrowers and each Lender. Thereafter, (A) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (B) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurocurrency Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of any determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (b) of the preceding sentence, until the Administrative Agent, upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (a) of the first sentence of Section 3.03(a) , the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Required Lenders may agree upon an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (1) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (a) of the first sentence of Section 3.03(a) , (2) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers written notice thereof. 
 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 3.03, if 
 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Term SOFR (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or 
 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that, prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrowers deliver a new Loan Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02(a), any Loan Notice that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Loan Notice for a Base Rate Borrowing provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other 
 72 

Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.03(a) with respect to Adjusted Term SOFR, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrowers deliver a new Loan Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute a Base Rate Loan. 
 
 (b) (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of any Benchmark, then (i) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, the Administrative Agent and the Company will amend this Agreement to replace such Benchmark with such Benchmark Replacement for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, which amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document , if and (ii) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify and the Company will amend this Agreement to replace such Benchmark with such Benchmark Replacement for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting, which amendment shall become effective at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date on which such amendment is provided to the Lenders without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders , a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that . If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 
 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR for any Interest Period hereunder or any other tenors of LIBOR, including, without limitation, because the LIBOR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 
 (ii) the administrator of the LIBOR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which LIBOR or the LIBOR Screen Rate shall no longer be made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide LIBOR after such specific date (such specific date, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 
 
 (iii) the administrator of the LIBOR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such administrator has made a public statement announcing that all Interest Periods and other tenors of LIBOR are no longer representative or 
 
 (iv) syndicated loans currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 3.03 , are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR 
 
 73 

then, in the case of clauses (i)-(iii) above, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company (any such date, the LIBOR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant Interest Payment Date, as applicable, for interest calculated and shall occur reasonably promptly upon the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, LIBOR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with, subject to the proviso below, the first available alternative set forth in the order below for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the LIBOR Successor Rate and any such rate before giving effect to the Related Adjustment, the Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate 
 
 (x) Term SOFR plus the Related Adjustment and 
 
 (y) SOFR plus the Related Adjustment 
 
 and, in the case of clause (iv) above, the Company and Administrative Agent may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing LIBOR under this Agreement and under any other Loan Document in accordance with the definition of LIBOR Successor Rate and such amendment will become effective at 5 00 p.m., on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have notified all Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of the circumstances described in clause (iv) above unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to the implementation of a LIBOR Successor Rate pursuant to such clause provided that, if the Administrative Agent and the Company determine that Term SOFR has become available, is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and would have been identified as the Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate in accordance with the foregoing if it had been so available at the time that the LIBOR Successor Rate then in effect was so identified, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant Interest Payment Date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate shall be Term SOFR and the LIBOR Successor Rate shall be Term SOFR plus the relevant Related Adjustment. 
 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Lender of (x) any occurrence of any of the events, periods or circumstances under clauses (i) through (iii) above, (y) a LIBOR Replacement Date and (z) the LIBOR Successor Rate. 
 
 Any LIBOR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such LIBOR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 
 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any LIBOR Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the LIBOR Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 (c) In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a LIBOR Successor Rate Benchmark Replacement , the Administrative Agent and the Company (acting together) , will have the right to make LIBOR Successor Rate Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such LIBOR Successor Rate Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement 
 74 

provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such LIBOR Successor Rate Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 If the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i) - (iii) have occurred with respect to the LIBOR Successor Rate then in effect, then the successor rate thereto shall be determined in accordance with the definition of LIBOR Successor Rate. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.03(e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.03, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein , (i) after any such determination by the Administrative Agent or receipt by the Administrative Agent of any such notice described under Section 3.03(c)(i) - (iii) , as applicable, if the Administrative Agent and the Company (acting together), determine that none of the LIBOR Successor Rates is available on or prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date, (ii) if the events or circumstances described in Section 3.03(c)(iv) have occurred but none of the LIBOR Successor Rates is available, or (iii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i)-(iii) have occurred with respect to the LIBOR Successor Rate then in effect and the Administrative Agent determines that none of the LIBOR Successor Rates is available, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing LIBOR or any then current LIBOR Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant Interest Payment Date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with another alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks and, in each case, including any Related Adjustments and any other mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if any then- current Benchmark is a term rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute a LIBOR Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrowers unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that 
 75 

was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (f) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a given Benchmark, (i) the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, in each case, to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for Base Rate Loans or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected Adjusted Term SOFR Loans, if applicable, will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to any Benchmark or at any time that a tenor for any then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark that is the subject of such Benchmark Unavailability Period or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and, to the extent any other party hereto (other than any Lender) shall have any consent or consultation right in respect of the selection of the Benchmark Replacement, each such applicable party (for the avoidance of doubt, other than any Lender), shall use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy any applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance, including to meet the standards set forth in Proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.1001-6 and any future guidance, to the effect that a Benchmark Replacement will not result in a deemed exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes of any Borrowing under this Agreement if the Company determines that such deemed exchange would cause the Company, or its direct or indirect beneficial owners, any adverse tax consequences. 
 
 If, at the end of any Interest Period, relevant Interest Payment Date or payment period for interest calculated, no LIBOR Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(c) and the circumstances under clauses (c)(i) or (c)(iii) above exist or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended, (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Interest Periods, Interest Payment Dates or payment periods), and (y) the Eurocurrency Rate component shall no longer be utilized in determining the Base Rate, until the LIBOR Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(c). Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Interest Periods, Interest Payment Dates or payment periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans (subject to the foregoing clause (y)) in the amount specified therein. 
 
 3.04 Increased Costs Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with 
 76 

or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e) , other than as set forth below) or any L C Issuer 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or any L C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to materially increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), to materially increase the cost to such Lender or such L C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to materially reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L C Issuer, the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any L C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such L C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L C Issuer or such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company with respect to liquidity or capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L C Issuer or such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an L C Issuer setting forth in reasonable detail (which shall not require the disclosure of any information that is sensitive, confidential or legally restricted) the basis and calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrowers shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an L C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrowers of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 77 

(e) Additional Reserve Requirements . The Borrowers shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrowers shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender or, with respect to clause (c) below, any L C Issuer (in each case with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender or such L C Issuer harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (b) any failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrowers 
 (c) any failure by the Borrowers to make payment in respect of any drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or 
 (d) any assignment of a Eurocurrency any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 10.13 
 other than any loss of anticipated profits, but including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrowers shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrowers to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrowers through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender or any L C Issuer requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L C 
 78 

Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of such Borrower such Lender or such L C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender or such L C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrowers hereby agrees to pay all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or L C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender or L C Issuer requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or L C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or L C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or delivers a notice under Section 3.02 the effect of which would be to suspend such Lender s obligation to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans (or convert Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans) in any currency, the Borrowers may (x) terminate the applicable Commitments of such Lender or L C Issuer and repay all Obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Lender or L C Issuer relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date provided that, if, after giving effect such termination and repayment, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the aggregate amount of the Commitments then in effect, then the Borrowers shall, not later than the next Business Day, prepay one or more Borrowings (and, if no Borrowings are outstanding, deposit Cash Collateral) in an amount necessary to eliminate such excess) or (y) replace such Lender, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 10.13 , or L C Issuer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16(c) . 
 3.07 Survival . All obligations of the Borrowers under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 4.01 Conditions to Closing Date . The occurrence of the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction (or waiver) of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party (to the extent applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement from each Borrower and each Closing Date Guarantor, as applicable, each Lender and the Administrative Agent 
 (ii) Notes executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting Notes at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date 
 (iii) a certificate of each Loan Party, executed by any Responsible Officer of such Loan Party, including or attaching the documents referred to in subclause (iv) below 
 79 

(iv) a copy of (A) each Organization Document of each Loan Party certified, to the extent applicable, as of a date reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Governmental Authority, (B) signature and incumbency certificates of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (C) resolutions of the Board of Directors and or similar governing bodies of each Loan Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, certified by its secretary, an assistant secretary or a Responsible Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, and (D) a good standing certificate (to the extent such concept exists) from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation and 
 (v) a customary written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) of (A) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, special counsel for the Loan Parties and (B) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, special Massachusetts counsel for the Loan Parties. The Borrowers hereby request such counsels to deliver such opinions. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date (except as otherwise reasonably agreed by the Borrowers), reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received all documentation at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and other information about the Loan Parties that shall have been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or an Arranger in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date and that the Administrative Agent or such Arranger reasonably determines is required by United States regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the PATRIOT Act. 
 (d) To the extent a Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, such Borrower shall deliver to each Lender that so requests (which request is made through the Administrative Agent), a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Borrower provided that the Administrative Agent has provided such Borrower a list of each such Lender and its electronic delivery requirements at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date (it being agreed that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause shall be deemed to be satisfied with respect to such Lender). 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Company in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto certifying that the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions are Solvent. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying compliance as of the Closing Date with the conditions set forth in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 4.03 . 
 (g) The VMware Spin shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with the Closing Date shall be consummated. 
 (h) The Closing Date Refinancing shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with the Closing Date shall be consummated. 
 80 

The occurrence of the Closing Date shall be confirmed by a written notice from the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders on the Closing Date, and shall be conclusive evidence of the occurrence thereof. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 4.02 Reserved . 
 4.03 Conditions to all Credit Extensions on and after the Closing Date . On and after the Closing Date, the obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other another Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Article V (excluding, in the case of all Credit Extensions made after the Closing Date, the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.05(c), Section 5.06 and Section 5.13 and, in the case of any L C Credit Extension, in the applicable Issuer Documents, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.03 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other another Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Adjusted Term SOFR Loans) submitted by a Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by such Borrower that the conditions specified in Sections 4.03(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Company and each Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Transactions) that 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power . The Company and each other Loan Party (a) is duly organized, incorporated or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction), (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii)(A) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents (if any) to which it is a party, and (B) consummate the Transactions, and (c) is duly qualified and, as applicable, is licensed and in good standing or similar status (in each case, to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its 
 81 

business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c) , to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of such Person s Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or binding upon such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject or (c) violate any Law, except in any case for clauses (b) and (c) where such violations would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person that has not been obtained is necessary or required to be obtained by any Loan Party in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for the consummation of the Transactions, other than approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions and notices the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, administration, administrative receivership, winding-up, insolvency, reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, schemes of arrangement or otherwise), receivership, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, the time barring of claims under applicable statutes of limitation (or equivalent Laws) and by general principles of equity. 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their consolidated results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
 (b) The Unaudited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) , to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements relating to Parent s most recently ended fiscal year, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.06 Litigation . Except with respect to any matters disclosed by the Company or any Subsidiary in any filing made under the Exchange Act that is available to the Lenders before the Closing Date, there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company after due and diligent investigation, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any Subsidiary or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Loan or otherwise calls 
 82 

into question the validity of any Loan Document and as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse decision, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07 Taxes . The Company and the Subsidiaries have filed all U.S. federal, state and local, non-U.S. and other Tax returns and reports required to be filed by them and have paid all U.S. federal, state and local, non-U.S. and other Taxes imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither any transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents, nor any transaction to be carried out in connection with any transaction contemplated thereby, meets any hallmark set out in Annex IV of the Council Directive of 25 May 2018 (2018 822 EU) amending Directive 2011 16 EU. 
 5.08 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Except for incidences which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other applicable federal or state laws, and (ii) each Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS and nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, other than a transaction that is exempt under a statutory or administrative exemption) or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Except for incidences which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates have any knowledge of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event (ii) the Company and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA. 
 5.09 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) No Loan Party is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 
 (b) No Loan Party is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.10 Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently 
 83 

conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.11 Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 (a) (i) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a Sanctioned Person and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary is a Sanctioned Person. 
 (b) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has, in the past three years, violated any applicable anti-corruption law, such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 or any other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions Anti-Corruption Laws ), the PATRIOT Act or any applicable Sanctions. 
 5.12 Disclosure . (a) All written factual information (other than projections and other forward-looking materials and information of a general economic or industry specific nature), if any, provided directly or indirectly by the Company to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, in connection with the Transactions, when taken as a whole, was when furnished correct in all material respects and did not contain when furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (in each case after giving effect to all supplements and updates provided thereto) and (b) the projections and other forward-looking information, if any, that have been made available to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the Transactions were prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the preparer thereof to be reasonable at the time such financial projections were furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, it being understood and agreed that projections and other forward-looking information, if any, are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are out of the Company s control, that no assurance can be given that any particular projections will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections may differ significantly from the projected results and such differences may be material. 
 5.13 Solvency . On the Closing Date, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions, the Company and the Subsidiaries are, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to such Transactions, Solvent. 
 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), or (except to the extent agreed by the applicable L C Issuer that has issued such Letter of Credit or to the extent such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount) any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company and each Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 and 6.03 cause each Subsidiary to 
 6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to the Lenders 
 (a) On or before the date on which such financial statements are required or permitted to be filed with the SEC (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, on or before the date that is 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Parent ending after the Closing Date), audited consolidated statements of financial position and audited consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Parent as of the end of and for 
 84 

such year, and related notes thereto, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than any exception or explanatory paragraph, but not a qualification, that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, (A) an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered or (B) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant (including the financial covenant described herein) on a future date or in a future period)) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its subsidiaries as of the end of and for such year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (b) On or before the date on which such financial statements are required or permitted to be filed with the SEC with respect to each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Parent or on or before the date that is 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Parent (commencing with the first such fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date), unaudited consolidated statements of financial position and unaudited consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income and cash flows of Parent as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter (except in the case of cash flows) and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the statement of financial position, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter (except in the case of cash flows) and such portion of the fiscal year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. . 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b) , the Company shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Company to furnish the information and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of Parent and its subsidiaries by furnishing (A) the Form 10-K or 10-Q (or the equivalent), as applicable, of Parent filed with the SEC or with a similar regulatory authority in a foreign jurisdiction or (B) the applicable financial statements of Parent provided that, to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under Section 6.01(a) , such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte LLP or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than any exception or explanatory paragraph, but not a qualification, that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, (i) an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered or (ii) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant (including the financial covenant described herein) on a future date or in a future period). 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to the Lenders 
 (a) not later than five days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , a duly completed certificate signed by the chief executive officer or a Financial Officer of the Company (i) certifying as to whether a Default exists and, if a Default exists, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and (ii) beginning with the first fiscal quarter of Parent ending after the Closing Date, setting forth the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter included in such financial statements and a reasonably detailed calculation thereof 
 85 

(b) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements (other than amendments to any registration statement to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is delivered to the Administrative Agent, exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement filed on Form S-8) which Parent may file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto and 
 (c) promptly, (i) such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent, on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender, may from time to time reasonably request in writing and (ii) such other information regarding sustainability matters and practices of the Company or any Subsidiary (including with respect to corporate governance, environmental, social and employee matters, respect for human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery) as the Administrative Agent, on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender, may reasonably request for purposes of compliance with any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to it. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or paragraph (b) of this Section shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company s or the Company s website, (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Company s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) or (iii) on which the Company (or a parent company thereof) publicly files such documents with the SEC. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company. 
 The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L C Issuers materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Company hereunder (collectively, Company Materials by posting the Company Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Company or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Company hereby agrees that (i) all Company Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (ii) by marking Company Materials PUBLIC, the Company shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the L C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Company Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Company Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (iii) all Company Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall treat any Company Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable for posting, and shall post such Company Materials, only on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. Other than expressly set forth in this paragraph, the Company shall have no obligation to make any Company Materials PUBLIC . 
 6.03 Notices . Promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Company obtains actual knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent (for further distribution to the Lenders) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default. Each notice pursuant to this Section shall (a) be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (b) describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 86 

6.04 Payment of Taxes . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all Taxes imposed upon it, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary or (b) the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation except in a transaction not prohibited by Section 7.02 , except (other than with respect to the legal existence of the Company) to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.06 Compliance with Laws . 
 (a) Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (i) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (ii) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and with applicable Sanctions. 
 6.07 Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP (or applicable local standards) consistently applied shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 6.08 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes provided that the Borrowers will not use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions to purchase or carry any margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock, in each case in violation of Regulation U issued by the FRB. 
 6.09 Inspection Rights . At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Company and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company. 
 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), or (except to the extent agreed by the applicable L C Issuer that has issued such Letter of Credit or to the extent such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount) any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, neither the Company nor any Borrower shall, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly 
 87 

7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien securing Indebtedness described under clause (a) of the definition thereof upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following 
 (a) Liens created under any Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals, modifications or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed other than improvements thereto and proceeds thereof and (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except in connection with any refinancings, refundings, renewals, replacements, modifications or extensions thereof by an amount equal to a premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with the foregoing, and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder 
 (c) Liens existing on any property prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or a Subsidiary or existing on property of a Person that becomes a Subsidiary prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, in each case after the date hereof provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as applicable, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than, with respect to such Person, any replacements of such property and additions and accessions thereto and proceeds and products thereof, after-acquired property of such Person subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require or include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property of such Person, and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits in respect thereof and in the case of multiple financings of equipment provided by any lender, other equipment financed by such lender, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations it secures on the date of acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as applicable and any refinancings, refundings, renewals, replacements or extensions secured or benefitted thereby 
 (d) Liens on DFS Financing Assets, other receivables and related assets incurred in connection with a receivables transaction 
 (e) Liens on any property of any subsidiary of Parent in favor of a Loan Party or any subsidiary thereof 
 (f) Liens to secure any indebtedness (including Financing Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the purchase, lease, construction, installation, replacement, repair or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the capital stock of any Person owning such assets, so long as such indebtedness exists at the date of such purchase, lease or improvement or is created within 12 months thereafter provided that Liens securing indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to this clause (f) extend only to the assets purchased with the proceeds of such indebtedness, accessions to such assets and the proceeds and products thereof, any lease of such assets (including accessions thereto) and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits in respect thereof provided , however , that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender 
 (g) Liens created in connection with a project financed with, and created to secure, a Nonrecourse Obligation and 
 (h) Liens securing Indebtedness not expressly permitted by clauses (a) through (g) above provided that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Indebtedness described under clause (a) of the definition thereof secured by such other Liens pursuant to this clause (h) does not, at the time of, and after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, exceed the Maximum Secured Debt Limit provided that the Maximum Secured Debt Limit may be exceeded at the time of any refinancing, 
 88 

refunding, renewal, replacement, modifications or extension of any such Indebtedness so long as the aggregate principal amount of such refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, modifications or extension does not exceed the amount then outstanding except by an amount equal to a premium or other reasonable amount paid, and accrued and unpaid interest, and fees and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing. 
 7.02 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, or consolidate with or into another Person, except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom 
 (a) a Borrower may merge or otherwise consolidate with any Person if (i) such Borrower is the surviving Person or (ii) the surviving Person (any such Person, the Successor Borrower (A) shall be an entity incorporated or formed under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, Luxembourg or the Cayman Islands and (B) assumes in writing all of such Borrower s Obligations pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and provides to the Administrative Agent all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (or any Lender, through the Administrative Agent), with results reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
 (b) any Subsidiary may dissolve, liquidate, merge or otherwise consolidate with or into any Person provided that if such other Person is a Borrower, such transaction shall comply with clause (a) above. 
 Upon any consolidation by a Borrower with or merger by a Borrower into any other Person, the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which such Borrower is merged shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, such Borrower under this Agreement with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as a Borrower herein. 
 7.03 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter (commencing with the first fiscal quarter of the Company ending after the Closing Date) of the Company to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . A Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or L C Borrowing or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any L C Obligation, or (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any L C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) A Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.03 or (ii) a Borrower or any Subsidiary fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.05(a) (with respect to a Borrower) or Article VII or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party herein, 
 89 

in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect (or, in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in any respect) when made or deemed made and such incorrect representation or warranty (if curable, including by a restatement of any relevant financial statements) shall remain incorrect for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company or 
 (e) Cross-Default . Any Loan Party or any subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise, after giving effect to any applicable grace period) in respect of any Indebtedness or guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement relating to any such Indebtedness or guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, the effect of which default is to cause, with the giving of notice if required, (x) such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), (y) an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or (z) such guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded provided that this paragraph (e) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness (to the extent such sale, transfer or other disposition is not prohibited under this Agreement, and it being understood that clause (A) above will apply to any failure to pay any such Indebtedness above the Threshold Amount after it becomes due and payable), (ii) termination events or similar events occurring under any Swap Contract above the Threshold Amount (it being understood that clause (A) above will apply to any failure to make any payment required as a result of any such termination or similar event), (iii) any breach or default that is (I) remedied by the Company or the applicable subsidiary or (II) waived (including in the form of amendment) by the required holders of the applicable item of Indebtedness, in either case, prior to the acceleration of Loans or Commitments pursuant to this Article VIII or (iv) Indebtedness or a guarantee of any Person assumed in connection with the acquisition of such Person to the extent that such Indebtedness or guarantee is repaid, repurchased, prepaid, redeemed or defeased substantially concurrently with such acquisition or as required by the terms thereof as a result of the acquisition of such Person or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. (x) Any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Debtor Relief Law (i) commences proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) consents to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under applicable Debtor Relief Law, (iii) consents to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property, (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors under any Debtor Relief Law, or (v) generally is not paying its debts as they become due, or (y) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Debtor Relief Law that (i) is for relief against any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary, in a proceeding in which any such Loan Party or any such Material Subsidiary is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary, or for all or substantially all of the property of any such Loan Party of any such Material Subsidiary, or (iii) liquidates any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary, in each case of this clause (y), which such order or decree is unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days or 
 (g) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary one or more enforceable final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), and there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect, or any judgment creditor shall legally attach or levy upon assets of such Person that are material to the businesses and operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to enforce any such judgment or 
 90 

(h) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations that survive the termination of any Loan Document), ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document, except to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder or thereunder or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which, when taken together with all other ERISA Events, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control Triggering Event. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby acknowledge and agree that a restatement of historical financial statements shall not result in a Default hereunder (whether pursuant to Section 5.05 as it relates to a representation made with respect to such financial statements (including any interim unaudited financial statements) or pursuant to Section 6.01 as it relates to delivery requirements for financial statements) to the extent that such restatement does not reveal any material adverse difference in the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of Parent and its subsidiaries in the previously reported information from actual results reflected in such restatement for any relevant prior period. 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of each L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers 
 (c) require that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto) and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to a Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of each L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to clause (c) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L C Obligations have 
 91 

automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.14 and 2.15 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and L C Issuers and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Company pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.14, ratably among the L C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations not yet due or owing), to the Company or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.14 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders and each of the L C Issuers hereby irrevocably appoints JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuers, and the Loan Parties shall not have rights as third party beneficiaries of any such provisions, other than Section 9.06 . It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the 
 92 

Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent or any Arranger, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, as applicable 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law 
 (c) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents and information expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein or in any other Loan Document 
 (d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrowers, a Lender or an L C Issuer and 
 (e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 Any assignor of a Loan or seller of a participation hereunder shall be entitled to rely conclusively on a representation of the assignee Lender or Participant in the relevant Assignment and Assumption or participation agreement, as applicable, that such assignee or purchaser is an Eligible Assignee. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders or 
 93 

Competitors. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Lender or Competitor or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information to, any Disqualified Lender or Competitor. 
 
 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . (a) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Borrowers. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with (unless an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing) the written consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L C Issuers, appoint, with (unless an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing) the written consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrowers and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with (unless an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing) the written consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the 
 94 

Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrowers and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arrangers, Bookrunners, and Other Lenders . Each Lender and each L C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger to any Lender or L C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and each L C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, any Senior Managing Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender, L C Issuer or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, made its own analysis of all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and each L C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, any Senior Managing Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender, L C Issuer or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L C Issuer represents and warrants, as of the date it becomes a Lender or L C Issuer, that (i) it is such Lender s or L C Issuer s intention that the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making acquiring or holding commercial loans in 
 95 

the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each L C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Arrangers, Bookrunners, the Syndication Agent, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents or the Sustainability Structuring Agent listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L C Issuer hereunder. 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, the L C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i) , 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and each L C Issuer to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 9.10 Erroneous Payments. 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of 
 96 

such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.10 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c) Each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (i) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (ii) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by a Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from a Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making a payment to satisfy certain Obligations and is not otherwise repaid or returned to a Loan Party by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, whether pursuant to a legal proceeding or otherwise. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.10 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. Except as provided in Sections 1.06 and 3.03 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders, the Borrowers or the applicable Loan Party which is signatory to the Loan Document subject to amendment, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) reserved 
 97 

(b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender 
 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender or L C Issuer directly affected thereby 
 (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate 
 (e) change Section 8.03 without the written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby 
 (f) release all or substantially all of the Guarantors without written consent of each Lender (other than as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents) 
 (g) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder without the written consent of each Lender 
 (h) reserved 
 (i) change or waive Section 4.03 without the written consent of the Required Lenders or 
 (j) amend Section 1.06 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each L C Issuer 
 and provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by a Swingline Lender or L C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such Swingline Lender or L C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it, (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) any Issuer Document may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by a Borrower (and any Subsidiary party thereto) and the L C Issuer party thereto and (iv) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect, technical error or inconsistency without the consent of any Lender, Swingline Lender or L C Issuer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, Holdings, the Company and 
 98 

the Borrowers (i) to add one or more additional revolving credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection therewith from time to time outstanding to share ratably (or on a basis subordinated to the existing facilities hereunder) in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing facilities hereunder, and (ii) in connection with the foregoing, to permit, as deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent and approved by the Required Lenders, the Lenders providing such additional credit facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the Required Lenders or by any other number, percentage or class of Lenders hereunder. 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or internationally recognized overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or an L C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrowers). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or internationally recognized overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer and the Borrowers may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 99 

(c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMPANY MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE COMPANY MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMPANY MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to Holdings, the Company, the Borrowers, any Lender, any L C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Company s, any other Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Company Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet except to the extent such losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities or expenses are found to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Party by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction provided that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrowers, any other Loan Party, any Lender, any L C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct and actual damages). 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . Holdings, the Company, each Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each L C Issuer may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuers. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Company Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Company or their its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L C Issuers and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Loan Notices and Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company and the Borrowers even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Company and the Borrowers shall indemnify, on a joint and several basis, the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company or a Borrower, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Person as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement . No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, 
 100 

remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L C Issuers provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an L C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) , (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . To the extent that the Closing Date occurs, the Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements one firm of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the Facility, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L C Issuers in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where such of the Administrative Agent, the Lender and the L C Issuer that is affected by such conflict informs the Borrowers of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be), and, if necessary, of a single firm of outside local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and of such other outside counsel retained with the prior written consent of the Borrowers (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)), (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Company and the Borrowers. The Company and the Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Syndication Agent, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Bookrunners, the Arrangers, the L C Issuers, the Senior Managing Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole and, if necessary, of a single firm of outside local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) material to the interests of all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies the 
 101 

Borrowers of the existence of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of outside counsel for such Indemnitee)), joint or several, to which any such Indemnitee may become subject to the extent arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the syndication of Commitments hereunder, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the Transactions any other transactions contemplated thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an L C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) and (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, in each case whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party, or any director, shareholder or creditor of the foregoing, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities or related fees or expenses (in the cases of clauses (A) and (B) , as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment) to have resulted from either (A) the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Indemnified Person, (B) the material breach of such Indemnitee s or its Related Indemnified Person s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document or (C) a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, a Co-Documentation Agent, or Bookrunner, Arranger, Senior Managing Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any similar role under the Loan Documents) not arising from any act or omission of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the foregoing. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, penalties, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrowers for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any L C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, and without limiting the obligations of the Borrowers to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such L C Issuer, in each case in its capacity as such, or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided further that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such L C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such L C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Borrowers shall not assert, and hereby waive, and acknowledge that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the 
 102 

transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent or any L C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans under the Facility (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L C Obligations or Swingline Loans) at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Reserved 
 (ii) Minimum Amounts . 
 103 

(A) in the case of (x) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments or Loans under the Facility, (y) contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignment) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(ii)(B) of this Section in the aggregate, or (z) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(ii)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the trade date, shall not be less than 25,000,000 or a whole multiple of 10,000,000 in excess thereof unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers otherwise consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (iii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned 
 (iv) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(ii)(B) of this Section and, in addition 
 (A) The prior written consent of the Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) with respect to a Loan Party has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender 
 (C) the consent of each L C Issuer (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment of Commitments , unless such assignment is made by a Lender to an Affiliate of such Lender and 
 (D) the consent of each Swingline Lender (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment of Commitments, unless such assignment is made by a Lender to an Affiliate of such Lender. 
 (v) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500 provided , however , that (i) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and (ii) neither a Non-Accepting Lender nor a Non-Consenting Lender shall be required to execute an Assignment and Assumption and such Assignment and Assumption shall become effective upon execution thereof by the other parties thereto, the payment of the processing and 
 104 

recordation fee (if applicable) and the satisfaction of the other conditions set forth in Section 10.13 and, if applicable, Section 2.16(c) . The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (vi) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to those Persons separately identified as disqualified lenders in writing to the Administrative Agent by email to JPMDQ_contact jpmorgan.com and in a posting to all Lenders (including Public Lenders) on the Platform or another similar electronic system as of the Closing Date (each, together with its Affiliates described in clause (C) below, a Disqualified Lender ), (B) to those Persons who are competitors of the Company that are separately clearly identified by name in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent by email to JPMDQ_contact jpmorgan.com and posted to all Lenders (including Public Lenders) on the Platform or another similar electronic system from time to time (each, together with its Affiliates described in clause (C) below, a Competitor provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in no event shall being identified as a Competitor pursuant to this clause (B) or a Disqualified Lender retroactively disqualify any parties that have previously acquired an assignment hereunder that is otherwise permitted from becoming a Lender and (ii) if the Company provides written consent to assignment to an entity identified as a Disqualified Lender or Competitor, such entity will not be considered a Disqualified Lender or Competitor, as applicable, for the purpose of such assignment, (C) to any Affiliate (other than a bona fide debt fund that (I) is an Affiliate of a Person designated pursuant to clause (A) or (B) that is not a bona fide debt fund and (II) is primarily engaged in or that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds or similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course) of a Person identified pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above that is either (x) identified in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent by email to JPMDQ_contact jpmorgan.com from time to time or (y) clearly identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person on the basis of such Affiliate s name, (D) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (D) or (E) to a natural Person (or to a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person) provided that any additional designation permitted by the foregoing shall not become effective until three (3) Business Days following delivery to the Administrative Agent by email. It being understood that the Administrative Agent and any Lender may share the list referenced in clauses (A) , (B) and (C) above with any Lender or potential Lender at any time in their sole discretion. 
 (vii) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 105 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrowers (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans and L C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, the L C Issuers and, with respect to its interests only, any Lender, at the Administrative Agent s Office (or, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, through electronic means) or, at the option of the inspector, an office maintained by the Administrative Agent in New York, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This Section 10.06(c) and Section 2.11 are intended so that all Loans are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any related United States Treasury Regulations (or any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or of such United States Treasury Regulations). No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this subsection. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any L C Issuer, sell participations to any Person (other than natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Disqualified Lender, a Competitor or a Defaulting Lender) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L C Obligations and Swingline Loans) owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.01(e) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection 
 106 

(b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Reserved . 
 (g) Assignments to the Borrowers. The Borrowers, their Affiliates and the Subsidiaries may not purchase or otherwise be the assignee of Loans or Commitments. 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuers agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, advisors (including legal counsel), independent auditors, professionals and other experts, agents or representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential, and any failure of such Persons to comply with this Section 10.07 shall constitute a breach of this Section 10.07 by the Administrative Agent, the relevant L C Issuer or the relevant Lender, as applicable), (b) to the extent (i) requested or demanded by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties, pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law, rule or regulation or compulsory legal process based on the reasonable advice of counsel, or otherwise required by applicable law or by any subpoena or similar legal process or (ii) reasonably necessary in connection with the exercise of remedies with respect to, or the enforcement of, such Person s rights under any Loan Document provided that, (A) in each case, unless prohibited by applicable law or court order, such Person shall, to the extent practicable, promptly notify the Borrowers thereof prior to disclosure (other than any such request in connection with an audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank or other regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority) and (B) in the case of clause (ii) only, and at the Borrowers sole 
 107 

expense, such Person shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that such Information is kept confidential in connection with the exercise of such remedies, (c) to any other party hereto, (d) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Sections 2.16(c) or 2.17(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its or its Affiliates partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives) to any swap, derivative, risk protection or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrowers and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder provided that such information shall not be shared with any Competitors previously identified to the Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to Section 10.06(b)(vi) , (e) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (f) with the consent of the Company or (g) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to or is independently developed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates from a source other than Holdings, the Company or the Borrowers that is not to such Lender s knowledge subject to confidentiality obligations to the Company and the Borrowers. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company or any subsidiary thereof relating to the Company or any subsidiary thereof or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or any subsidiary thereof. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuers acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning Holdings, the Company or the Borrowers or their subsidiaries, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding deposits in (a) payroll accounts, (b) health savings accounts, worker s compensation accounts and other employee benefits accounts, (c) withholding tax accounts and (d) fiduciary or escrow accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrowers or such Loan Party then due and owing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, such L C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrowers or such Loan Party are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or such L C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that, in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each L C 
 108 

Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each L C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrowers. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any L C Issuer constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or (except as may be Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount or as otherwise agreed by the applicable L C Issuer) any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuers, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If the Borrowers are entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Non-Accepting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrowers the right to 
 109 

replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (a) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from (or on behalf of) the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Accepting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING, IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL 
 110 

JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) Service of Process . Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.02 Section 10.02 . Nothing in any Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrowers and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents, the L C Issuers and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrowers, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrowers and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, each Arranger, each Co-Documentation Agent, each Senior Managing Agent, each L C Issuer and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents, any L C Issuer or any Lender has any obligation to the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents, the L C Issuers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrowers, any other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the 
 111 

Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents, any L C Issuer or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party hereby agrees not to assert any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Senior Managing Agents, any L C Issuer or any Lender with respect to any alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement (each a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on each of the Loan Parties to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the Loan Parties enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender and each L C Issuer that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender or any L C Issuer) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender, such L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Act. The Borrowers shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 10.19 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer 
 112 

hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, the Borrowers agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer in such currency, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrowers (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable Law). 
 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
 10.21 Lender ERISA Representation . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 113 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) For purposes of this Section 10.21 , the following definitions apply to each of the capitalized terms below 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 10.22 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or any L C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or any L C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs10.24 . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of 
 114 

the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.23 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 ARTICLE XI. GUARANTEE 
 11.01 Guarantors . At any time after the Closing Date (a) if a Guarantee Trigger Condition occurs, then the Company shall cause the applicable Subsidiary or Subsidiaries to guarantee the Obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan Documents within 60 days of the occurrence thereof (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), and (b) the Company may cause any Domestic Subsidiary or, to the extent reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, any Foreign Subsidiary to guarantee the Obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan Documents, in each case by delivering to the Administrative Agent customary joinder documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and pursuant to which such Person shall become a Guarantor for all purposes under this Agreement and each other Loan Document and shall be bound by all of the obligations and shall have all of the rights of a Guarantor under this Agreement and each other Loan Document including, without limitation, providing the guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations as set forth in this Article XI . 
 115 

11.02 Guarantee . Each Closing Date Guarantor hereby, and upon becoming a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 , each other Guarantor, on a joint and several basis, unconditionally guarantees (the undertaking of each Guarantor contained in this Article XI being a Guarantee the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrowers now or hereafter existing under the Loan Documents, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise (such obligations, collectively, being the Guaranteed Obligations ). Each Guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Closing Date Guarantor hereby, and upon becoming a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 each other Guarantor, agrees that, as between each Guarantor and the Administrative Agent, the Guaranteed Obligations may be declared to be due and payable for purposes of its Guarantee notwithstanding any stay (including any stay imposed by the commencement by or against the Borrowers of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming the Borrowers as the debtor in such proceeding), injunction or other prohibition which may prevent, delay or vitiate any declaration as regards the Borrowers and that in the event of a declaration or attempted declaration, the Guaranteed Obligations shall immediately become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of its Guarantee. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder at any time shall, without further action by any Guarantor or any other Person, be automatically limited and reduced to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render such Guarantor s obligations hereunder invalid and unenforceable or otherwise subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any comparable provisions of any similar federal or state law (including the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act and the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act) or subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such proceeding. 
 11.03 Guaranty Absolute . Each Closing Date Guarantor hereby, and upon becoming a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 each other Guarantor, guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers or the Lenders with respect thereto. The liability of each Guarantor under its Guarantee shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of 
 (a) any lack of validity, enforceability or genuineness of any provision of any Loan Document, any Guaranteed Obligations or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto 
 (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from this Agreement 
 (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 (d) any law or regulation of any jurisdiction or any other event affecting any term of a Guaranteed Obligation or 
 (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Guarantor or the Borrowers. 
 Each Guarantee shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrowers or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 11.04 Waivers . 
 (a) Each Closing Date Guarantor hereby, and upon becoming a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 each other Guarantor, waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance and any other 
 116 

notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and its Guarantee and any requirement that the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against the Borrowers or any other Person or any collateral. 
 (b) Each Closing Date Guarantor hereby, and upon becoming a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 each other Guarantor, irrevocably waives any claims or other rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against the Borrowers that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the obligations of any Guarantor under its Guarantee, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender against the Borrowers or any collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Borrowers, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under such Guarantor s Guarantee and the Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer and the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under such Guarantor s Guarantee, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such Guarantor s Guarantee, or to be held as collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under the Guarantee thereafter arising. Each Closing Date Guarantor hereby, and upon becoming a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.01 each other Guarantor, acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Agreement and its Guarantee and that the waiver set forth in this Section 11.04(b) is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 
 11.05 Continuing Guaranty . Each Guarantee is a continuing guaranty and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (including any and all Guaranteed Obligations which remain outstanding after the Maturity Date) and all other amounts payable under its Guarantee, (ii) be binding upon each Guarantor and its successors and assigns, and (iii) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lenders, the L C Issuers, the Administrative Agent and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. 
 11.06 Release of Guarantors . 
 (a) If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, any Guarantor ceases to constitute a Subsidiary or all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor are sold, exchanged, disposed or otherwise transferred (including through merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution), then such Guarantor shall, in the discretion of the Company upon notice in writing to the Administrative Agent, automatically be released from its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its Guarantee set forth in this Article XI, and thereafter such Person shall no longer constitute a Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. 
 (b) If, at any time after the occurrence of a Guarantee Trigger Condition, no Guarantee Trigger Condition shall be continuing pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof and neither of the conditions set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of clause (a) of the definition thereof are satisfied at such time, each Subsidiary (other than the Borrowers) shall automatically be released from its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its Guarantee set forth in this Article XI, and thereafter such Subsidiary shall no longer constitute a Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. 
 (c) At the request of the Company, the Administrative Agent shall, at the Company s expense, execute such documents as are reasonably necessary to acknowledge any such release in accordance with this Section 11.06 , so long as the Company shall have provided the Administrative Agent a certificate, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, certifying as to satisfaction of the 
 117 

requirements set forth above and the release of such Guarantor s Guarantee in compliance with this Agreement. 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 118 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 DELL INTERNATIONAL L.L.C., as Borrower 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 EMC CORPORATION, as Borrower 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC., as Guarantor 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

DENALI INTERMEDIATE INC., as Guarantor 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 DELL INC., as Guarantor 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
 as Sustainability Structuring Agent 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

, 
 as a Lender , Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 exhibit211fy2310-k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Dell Technologies Inc. Subsidiary List 
 Company Name Country Bracknell Boulevard (Block C) LLC United States Bracknell Boulevard (Block D) LLC United States Bracknell Boulevard Management Company Limited United Kingdom Branch of Dell Free Zone Company LLC Saudi Arabia Branch office of foreign company Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited United Kingdom Branch Office Skopje North Macedonia, Republic of Cloudify Platform Ltd Israel DCC Executive Security Inc. United States Dell (Chengdu) Company Limited China Dell (China) Company Limited China Dell (China) Company Limited - Beijing Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Beijing Information Technology Branch Office China Dell (China) Company Limited - Dalian Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Guangzhou Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Hangzhou Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Jinan Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Nanjing Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Shanghai Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Shen Zhen Liaison Office China Dell (China) Company Limited - Shenyang Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Shenzhen Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Wuhan Branch China Dell (China) Company Limited - Xian Branch China Dell (PS) Limited Ireland Dell (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Dell (Xiamen) Company Limited China Dell (Xiamen) Company Limited - Dalian Branch China Dell A S Denmark Dell AB Sweden Dell America Latina Corp. United States Dell America Latina Corp., Sucursal Argentina Argentina Dell AS Norway Dell Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore Dell Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dell Asset Revolving Trust-B United States Dell Asset Syndication L.L.C. United States Dell Australia Pty Limited Australia Dell B.V. Netherlands Dell B.V., Taiwan Branch Taiwan (Province of China) Dell Bank International Designated Activity Company Ireland Dell Bank International Designated Activity Company, Sucursal en Espa a Spain 

Dell Canada Inc. Canada Dell Colombia Inc. United States Dell Colombia Inc. - COLOMBIA BRANCH Colombia Dell Computadores do Brasil - Fortaleza Branch Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Hortolandia SP Branch (A) Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Hortolandia SP Branch (B) Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Rio de Janeiro Branch Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Sao Paulo Branch (Barueri - Alameda Rio Negro) Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Sao Paulo Branch (Barueri - Tambore) Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Sao Paulo Branch (Cajamar) Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil - Sao Paulo Branch (Rua Verbo Divino) Brazil Dell Computadores do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Dell Computer (Pty) Limited South Africa Dell Computer de Chile Ltda. Chile Dell Computer Holdings L.P. United States Dell Computer SAU Spain DELL Computer, spol. s r.o. Czech Republic Dell Conduit Funding-B L.L.C. United States Dell Conduit Funding-C L.L.C. United States Dell Corporation (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Dell Corporation Limited United Kingdom Dell Costa Rica SA Costa Rica Dell Depositor L.L.C. United States Dell DFS Corporation United States Dell DFS Group Holdings L.L.C. United States Dell DFS Holdings Kft Hungary Dell DFS Holdings L.L.C. United States Dell El Salvador, Limitada El Salvador Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited United Kingdom Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited Jordan Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited Tunisia Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited - Representative Office Lebanon Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited (Kazakhstan Representative Office) Kazakhstan Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited (Kenya Branch) Kenya Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited (Trade Representative Office Bulgaria) Bulgaria Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited (Uganda Representative Office) Uganda Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited External Company (Ghana) Ghana DELL EMERGING MARKETS (EMEA) LIMITED za usluge, Podru nica Zagreb Croatia Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited, Bulgarian branch Bulgaria Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2018-2 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2019-1 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2019-2 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2020-1 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2020-2 United States 

Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2021-1 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2021-2 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2022-1 United States Dell Equipment Finance Trust 2022-2 United States Dell Equipment Funding LP United States Dell Equipment GP LLC United States Dell Federal Systems Corporation United States Dell Federal Systems GP L.L.C. United States Dell Federal Systems L.P. United States Dell Federal Systems LP L.L.C. United States Dell Financial Services Canada Limited Canada Dell Financial Services Holding Pty Ltd Australia Dell Financial Services International Ireland Designated Activity Company Ireland Dell Financial Services L.L.C. United States Dell Financial Services Pte. Ltd. Singapore Dell Financial Services Pty Ltd Australia Dell Financial Services Pty Ltd (Registered overseas ASIC company) New Zealand Dell FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Dell FZ-LLC - Abu Dhabi Branch United Arab Emirates Dell FZ-LLC - BAHRAIN BRANCH Bahrain Dell FZ-LLC - Qatar Branch Qatar Dell Gesellschaft m.b.H Austria Dell Global B.V. Netherlands Dell Global B.V. - Bangladesh Liaison Office Bangladesh Dell Global B.V. - Philippines Representative Office Philippines Dell Global B.V. - Sri Lanka Liaison Representative Office Sri Lanka Dell Global B.V. (Singapore Branch) Singapore Dell Global Business Center Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dell Global Holdings III B.V. Netherlands Dell Global Holdings XIV L.L.C. United States Dell Global Holdings XV L.L.C. United States Dell Global Holdings XVI L.L.C. United States Dell GmbH Germany Dell Guatemala, Ltda. Guatemala Dell Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Dell Hungary Technology Solutions Trade LLC Hungary Dell III - Comercio de Computadores, Unipessoal Lda Portugal Dell Inc. United States Dell International Holdings II Limited United Kingdom Dell International Holdings Kft Hungary Dell International Holdings Limited United Kingdom Dell International Holdings VIII B.V. Netherlands Dell International Inc. (Korea) Korea, Republic of Dell International Inc. (Korea) registered in Hong Kong as the Non-Hong Kong company, Company No. F30190 Hong Kong 

Dell International L.L.C. United States Dell International Services India Private Limited India Dell International Services Philippines, Inc. Philippines Dell Latinoamerica, S. de R.L. Panama Dell Leasing Mexico S. de RL de C.V. Mexico Dell LLC Russian Federation Dell Marketing Corporation United States Dell Marketing GP L.L.C. United States Dell Marketing L.P. United States Dell Marketing LP L.L.C. United States Dell Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Dell Morocco SAS Morocco Dell New Zealand Limited New Zealand Dell NV Belgium Dell Panama S de RL Panama Dell Peru S.A.C. Peru Dell Procurement (Xiamen) Company Limited China Dell Procurement (Xiamen) Company Limited - Shanghai Branch China Dell Procurement (Xiamen) Company Limited - Shenzhen Branch China Dell Procurement (Xiamen) Company Limited - Shenzhen Liaison Office China Dell Product and Process Innovation Services Corp. United States Dell Products (Poland) Sp.z.o.o. Poland Dell Products Corporation United States Dell Products GP L.L.C. United States Dell Products L.P. United States Dell Products LP L.L.C. United States Dell Products Unlimited Company Ireland Dell PS Limited United Arab Emirates Dell Puerto Rico Corp. Puerto Rico Dell Revolver Company L.P. United States Dell Revolver GP L.L.C. United States Dell Revolving Transferor L.L.C. United States Dell S. r.l Luxembourg Dell S.p.A. Italy Dell s.r.o. Slovakia Dell SA Switzerland Dell Sales Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dell SAS Morocco Dell SAS France Dell Services (China) Company Limited China Dell Singapore Pte. Ltd. (In Liquidation) Singapore Dell Sp. z o.o. Poland Dell Systems (UK) Limited United Kingdom Dell Systems Applications Solutions, Inc. United States 

Dell Systems TSI (Hungary) Likvidit smenedzsment Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary Dell Taiwan B.V. Netherlands Dell Taiwan B.V., Taiwan Branch Taiwan (Province of China) Dell Technologies Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Dell Technologies Capital, LLC United States Dell Technologies Egypt Limited Egypt Dell Technologies Inc. United States Dell Technologies Japan Inc. Japan Dell Technologies Kazakhstan and Central Asia LLP Kazakhstan Dell Technologies Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan Dell Technologies Philippines Inc. Philippines Dell Technology & Solutions Israel Ltd Israel Dell Technology & Solutions LLC Qatar Dell Technology & Solutions Nigeria Limited Nigeria Dell Technology Products And Services Single Member S.A. Greece Dell Technology S.R.L. Romania Dell Teknoloji Limited Sirketi Turkey Dell Teknoloji Limited Sirketi - Ankara Branch Turkey Dell Trading (Kunshan) Company Limited China Dell USA Corporation United States Dell USA GP L.L.C. United States Dell USA L.P. United States Dell USA LP LLC United States Dell Vendor Finance Facility 2017 L.L.C. United States Dell Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Dell Vietnam Company Limited Hanoi Branch Vietnam Dell World Trade Corporation United States Dell World Trade GP L.L.C. United States Dell World Trade L.P. United States Dell World Trade LP L.L.C. United States Denali Intermediate Inc. United States DFS B.V. Netherlands ECM Software Group Limited Cyprus EMC (Benelux) B.V. Netherlands EMC Australia Pty Limited Australia EMC Computer Systems Qatar EMC Computer Systems (China) Co., Ltd. China EMC Computer Systems (China) Co., Ltd. - Chengdu Branch Office China EMC Computer Systems (China) Co., Ltd. - Guangzhou Branch Office China EMC Computer Systems (China) Co., Ltd. - Shanghai Branch Office China EMC Computer Systems (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia EMC Computer Systems (S A) (Pty) Ltd South Africa EMC Computer Systems (South Asia) Pte. Ltd. Singapore EMC Computer Systems Argentina S.A. Argentina 

EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Austria EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Rep Office in Egypt Egypt EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH - Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Rep Office in Jordan Jordan EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Saudi Arabia branch) Saudi Arabia EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH atstovyb Representative Office in Lithuania Lithuania EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Eesti filiaal Estonia EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH, podruznica Ljubljana Slovenia EMC Computer Systems Mexico, S.A. de CV Mexico EMC Computer Systems Philippines, Inc. Philippines EMC Corporation United States EMC Egypt Service Center Limited Egypt EMC Equity Assets LLC United States EMC Europe Limited United Kingdom EMC Global Holdings Company United States EMC Global Holdings Company (Foreign company registered in Australia) Australia EMC Group 2 Bermuda EMC Information Systems (Thailand) Limited Thailand EMC Information Systems CIS Russian Federation EMC Information Systems Colombia Ltda. Colombia EMC Information Systems International Unlimited Company Ireland EMC Information Systems Management Limited Ireland EMC Information Systems Management Limited registered in Hong Kong as the Non-Hong Kong company, Company No. F20969 Hong Kong EMC Information Systems Management Limited Singapore Branch Singapore EMC Information Systems Management Limited, German Branch Germany EMC Information Systems Nigeria Limited Nigeria EMC Information Technology Research & Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China EMC Information Technology Research & Development (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China EMC Information Technology Research & Development (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China EMC International Unlimited Company Ireland EMC IP Holding Company LLC United States EMC Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company Ireland EMC Israel Advanced Information Technologies Ltd. Israel EMC IT Solutions India Private Limited India EMC Middle East United Arab Emirates EMC Research and Development Centre Russian Federation EMC Software and Services India Private Limited India EMC St. Petersburg Development Centre Russian Federation EMC Technology India Private Limited India Flanders Road Holdings LLC United States Liaison Office (Bureau d'Etudes) of EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Morocco LLC EMC Information Systems Ukraine Ukraine LLC Dell Ukraine Ukraine 

NBT Investment Partners LLC United States Newfound Investment Partners LLC United States Oy Dell Ab Finland PT Dell Indonesia Indonesia Redstone Holdings LLC United States Representative Office of Dell Emerging Markets (EMEA) Limited in the Republic of Azerbaijan Azerbaijan Representative Office of EMC Computer Systems Austria GmbH Belgrade Serbia ScaleIO LLC United States SecureWorks Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia SecureWorks Corp. United States SecureWorks Europe Limited United Kingdom SecureWorks Europe S.R.L. Romania SecureWorks India Private Limited India SecureWorks Japan K.K. Japan SecureWorks SAS France Secureworks Software Canada ULC Canada SecureWorks, Inc. United States Sichuan An Cheng Security Technology Company China The Representative Office of Dell Global B.V. in Hanoi City Vietnam The Representative Office of Dell Global B.V. in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam The Representative Office of EMC Computer Systems (South Asia) Pte. Ltd. in Hanoi City Vietnam The Representative Office of EMC Computer Systems (South Asia) Pte. Ltd. in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam VCE Solutions Limited United Kingdom VCE Technologies Pty Ltd Australia VCE Technology Solutions Limited Ireland Virtustream Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Virtustream Canada Holdings, Inc. Canada Virtustream Cayman Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Virtustream Cloud Services Australia Pty Limited Australia Virtustream Cloud Services Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Virtustream Cloud Services Japan K.K. (JAPAN) Japan Virtustream Germany GmbH Germany Virtustream Group Holdings LLC United States Virtustream IP Holding Company LLC United States Virtustream Ireland Limited Ireland Virtustream Limited Jersey Virtustream LLC United States Virtustream LT UAB Lithuania Virtustream Security Solutions Private Limited India Virtustream Security Solutions, LLC United States Virtustream Switzerland S rl Switzerland Virtustream UK Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 8
 exhibit221fy2310-k.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The following securities (collectively referred to in this exhibit as the Senior Notes issued by Dell International L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies Inc. Dell Technologies ), and EMC Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, were outstanding as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 Description of Senior Notes 5.450 Senior Notes due 2023 4.000 Senior Notes due 2024 5.850 Senior Notes due 2025 6.020 Senior Notes due 2026 4.900 Senior Notes due 2026 6.100 Senior Notes due 2027 5.250 Senior Notes due 2028 5.300 Senior Notes due 2029 6.200 Senior Notes due 2030 5.750 Senior Notes due 2033 8.100 Senior Notes due 2036 3.375 Senior Notes due 2041 8.350 Senior Notes due 2046 3.450 Senior Notes due 2051 
 Obligors 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, the obligors under the Senior Notes consisted of Dell Technologies, as a guarantor, and its subsidiaries listed in the following table (together with Dell Technologies, the Obligors ). 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 Obligor Type Dell Inc. Delaware Guarantor Dell International L.L.C. Delaware Issuer Denali Intermediate Inc. Delaware Guarantor EMC Corporation Massachusetts Issuer 

1 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 exhibit231fy2310-k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-269159) and Form S-8 (No. 333-213515, No. 333-232675, No. 333-265446 and No. 333-269390) of Dell Technologies Inc. of our report dated March 30, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Austin, Texas March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 exhibit311fy2310-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF MICHAEL S. DELL, CHAIRMAN AND 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael S. Dell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dell Technologies Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 30, 2023 s MICHAEL S. DELL Michael S. Dell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 exhibit312fy2310-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THOMAS W. SWEET, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas W. Sweet, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dell Technologies Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 30, 2023 s THOMAS W. SWEET Thomas W. Sweet Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 exhibit321fy2310-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF MICHAEL S. DELL, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
 AND THOMAS W. SWEET, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned officers of Dell Technologies Inc. hereby certify that (a) Dell Technologies Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (b) information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Dell Technologies Inc. 
 March 30, 2023 s MICHAEL S. DELL Michael S. Dell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 30, 2023 s THOMAS W. SWEET Thomas W. Sweet Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 dell-20230203.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 dell-20230203_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 dell-20230203_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 dell-20230203_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 dell-20230203_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

