<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1594204_0001214659-23-004487.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3808911</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156676</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1572628</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>784271</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>552090</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>667366</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004487.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004487
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001594204
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				113350926
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-193211
		FILM NUMBER:		23780831

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		353 ST. NICHOLAS ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H2Y 2P1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(438) 875-6136

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		353 ST. NICHOLAS ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H2Y 2P1

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004487.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 z32323010k.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 [ ] to [ ] 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

N/A 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes o x 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. x No o 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). Yes o x 

Indicate by check
mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

o 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report). Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o x 

The aggregate market value of Common
Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022 was based on a 0 average bid and asked price of such common equity,
as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

common shares as of March 30, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 27 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 45 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 46 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 46 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 53 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

This annual report contains forward-looking
statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates ,
 believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our financial statements are stated
in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

In this annual report, unless otherwise
specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common
shares in our capital stock. 

As used in this current report and
unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us and our mean Zhen Ding Resources Inc. and our subsidiaries,
Z W Zhen Ding Corporation and Zhen Ding Mining Co. Ltd., unless otherwise indicated. 

General Overview 

We are engaged in seeking business
partnership opportunities with companies that are in the field of exploration and extraction of precious and/or base metals, primarily
in China, which are in need of funding and improved management. We would provide the necessary management expertise and assist
in financing efforts of these mining operations. In exchange, we would acquire metal ores produced by these mines and process
the ores in our ore milling plant and sell the ore concentrates to metal refineries. Our only operating company is Zhen Ding
JV which, has engaged in the processing of metal ore and the selling of ore concentrates of gold, silver, lead, zinc and copper at purity
levels ranging from 65 to 80 . Zhen Ding JV purchased metal ore in rock form from its joint venture partner, Xinzhou Gold,
which holds rights to explore and mine ore from a property located in the southwestern part of Anhui province in China. 

Corporate Background 

Our principal office is located at
Suite 111, 3900 Place De Java, Second Floor, Brossard, Quebec, Canada J4Y 9C4. Our operational offices are located at: Zhen
Ding Mining Co. Ltd., Wuxi County, Town of Langqiao, Jing Xian, Anhui Province, China, Tel: 86-6270-9018. 

We were incorporated in September 1996
as Robotech Inc., and began our business in the development and marketing of specialized technological equipment. By 2003 we had not reached
our financing goals and therefore abandoned our former business plan. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

In January 2012, our Board of
Directors, following the approval of a majority of our shareholders, made an offer to the shareholders of Zhen Ding Resources Inc., a
Nevada corporation Zhen Ding NV ), to acquire, at the very least, the majority of their common shares, and, if available,
up to 100 ownership. 

Zhen Ding NV through its wholly owned
subsidiary, Z W Zhen Ding Corporation, a California corporation Zhen Ding CA ), has been engaged in a joint venture
with Jing Xian Xinzhou Gold Co., Ltd. Xinzhou Gold ), a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic
of China PRC ). The joint venture company, Zhen Ding Mining Co. Ltd. Zhen Ding JV is 70 held by Zhen
Ding NV through Zhen Ding CA. It is a common practice in China to append the name of the town or city where an enterprise is
located to its legally incorporated name. Therefore many documents referencing Zhen Ding JV may refer to it as Jing Xian Zhen Ding Mining
Co. Ltd. Zhen Ding JV engages in the processing of metal ore and the selling of ore concentrates of gold, silver, lead, zinc and copper
at purity levels ranging from 65 to 80 . Zhen Ding JV purchases metal ore in rock form from Xinzhou Gold. 

On March 8, 2012, we changed our name
from Robotech, Inc. to Zhen Ding Resources Inc., in anticipation of the acquisition of Zhen Ding NV. Our trading symbol, RBTK, however
remained unchanged. 

During 2012, a total of 50,746,358
shares of the issued and outstanding common stock of Zhen Ding NV were tendered to our company. On August 13, 2013, an additional 13,100,000
shares were tendered to us. Therefore, as of August 13, 2013 the shareholders of Zhen Ding NV had tendered 100 of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock, representing 100 of the issued and outstanding equity of Zhen Ding NV to us. 

On October 23, 2013, we issued 122,440
shares of our common stock, on a one-for-one basis, to the tendering shareholders of Zhen Ding NV making Zhen Ding NV a wholly owned subsidiary
of our company. 

On October 28, 2013, we dissolved Zhen
Ding NV by merging it with and into Zhen Ding DE. As a result, Zhen Ding CA became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhen Ding DE. Zhen
Ding CA continues to exist as an intermediate holding company with no operations of its own, but which in turn owns our 70 interest in
Zhen Ding JV. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

The following illustrates our corporate and share
ownership structure: 

Our Current Business 

Background 

Presently, we conduct our operations
exclusively through Zhen Ding JV, our joint venture company. However, we continue to look for other attractive potential acquisition targets
in the mining industry. 

Our joint venture, Zhen Ding JV, is
equipped to process ore mined by our joint venture partner Xinzhou Gold when in operation. Zhen Ding JV purchases the ore in
rock form from Xinzhou Gold and processes the ore into our final product, which is a gold, silver, lead, zinc and copper ore concentrate.
We estimate that our processed product is 65 to 80 pure. The product is then sold to refineries which further purify and separate the
concentrate. Zhen Ding JV also arranges all exploration, mining process and operations, and financial and administrative support
for Xinzhou Gold s mine, known as the Wuxi Gold Mine. 

We purchase all of our raw material
from Xinzhou Gold for our ore processing operation and rely solely on Xinzhou Gold for our supply of ores. The veins most recently excavated
by Xinzhou Gold in the permitted areas of our mines are very low grade and, as such, the production is minimal. The higher yielding and
therefore more profitable veins run outside Xinzhou Gold s permitted mining area boundaries under its current license. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Xinzhou Gold applied for an extension
of the permitted mining area, however, the application was rejected by the government in December 2016 due to Xinzhou Gold s insufficient
working capital. Xinzhou Gold intends to reapply for an extension of the permitted mining area when it is able to demonstrate sufficient
working capital to drill the extended area. However, if sufficient working capital is unavailable, or should the application be denied
on other grounds, we would not be able to secure another source with higher grade ores for our processing plant, which would severely
limit our ability to execute our plan of operation and our potential profitability. 

At the beginning of fiscal 2015, we
idled our mineral processing plant due to an overall downturn in the demand and market prices for our concentrates. This downturn coincided
with an overall economic recession in China and downturn in the global commodities market during fiscal 2015 through 2016. 

Recent Activities 

Since idling our mineral processing
plant, we have actively sought an investment of between 3,000,000 and 4,000,000, which we believe is required to expand Xinzhou Gold s
mining permit, and which would allow us to resume our ore extraction and refinery activities. However, as at the date of this report we
have not successfully secured any financing commitment. 

Due to our continued inability to raise
sufficient financing to expand Xinzhou Gold s mining permit, Xinzhou Gold elected to reapply for a new drilling permit based on
a scaled-down drilling plan. The resulting new permit application, which was submitted to the Anhui Province Land Resources Bureau
for approval on March 8, 2017, sought renewed permission to continue drilling in the areas directly adjacent to our concentration plant. That
application was subsequently rejected due to environmental concerns regarding wastewater runoff onto nearby agricultural lands. Accordingly,
during the last six months of fiscal 2019, the Company was primarily devoted to refining its environmental impact compliance proposal
and design in consultation with government officials. A new proposal and design was submitted to the environmental protection authorities
on June 30, 2019. 

During
the fall of 2019, the Zhen Ding JV received feedback from the Land Resource Bureau regarding its June 30, 2019 proposal and design
submission. The authorities requested certain improvements to the tailing pond and wastewater treatment facility on the proposed drilling
site as a condition of granting any new drilling permit. Zhen Ding JV subsequently retained a new environmental expert to
re-design the tailing pond treatment facility. The new design would employ automated pumping systems to optimize water transfer while
lowering both cost and risk. The design affords immediate control of pressure and flowrate, as well as real-time monitoring of pump speed,
flowrate, inlet/outlet water pressures, water temperature, engine performance, and engine fuel level. The improved water treatment design
report was submitted to the government in December 2019 with an estimated budget of approximately 1.75 million over two years. The Company
expected a ruling on the new proposal in March 2020, however the ruling was delayed due to COVID-19 containment measures in Anhui province
which resulted in reduced staffing and operations across all levels of the public service. More recently, the Company was advised that
no ruling would be provided on the proposal without additional 3 rd party geo-technical research to support the viability
of the Company s design. The estimated cost of such additional research is 500,000. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Financing and Restructuring
Efforts 

During fiscal 2019 management entered
into negotiations with various related party lenders regarding a possible restructuring or conversion of related party debt. Effective
December 14, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 46,442,550 shares of our common stock to ten lenders at the price of 0.02 per share in consideration
for the cancellation of 928,851 of interest bearing debt payable on demand to the lenders in respect of cash advances made by them to
the Company. 

Additionally, in light of robust gold
prices during 2022 and 2023, management has been entertaining proposals from prospective investors and partners seeking to participate
in a smaller drilling operation and other joint venture projects and transactions. 

Going forward, we will continue to
seek sufficient financing to re-establish our mineral extraction and refining operations. We will also seek to identify and evaluation
businesses opportunities and other strategic transactions on an ongoing basis with a view toward diversifying our business and optimizing
shareholder value. 

Competition 

The mining industry is intensely competitive.
We compete with numerous individuals and companies, including many major mining companies, which have substantially greater technical,
financial and operational resources and staffs. Accordingly, there is a high degree of competition for access to funds. There are other
competitors that have operations in the area and the presence of these competitors could adversely affect our ability to compete for financing
and obtain the service providers, staff or equipment necessary for the exploration and exploitation of our properties. 

Compliance with Government Regulation 

The following summary discusses all regulations that materially
affect the business of our Company. 

Chinese Regulations Affecting Our Company 

Environmental Regulations 

We are subject to a variety of governmental
regulations related to environmental protection. The major PRC environmental regulations applicable to us include the Environmental Protection
Law and the Environmental Impact Appraisal Law. 

The Environmental Protection Law sets
out the legal framework for environmental protection in the PRC. The Ministry of Environmental Protection MEP of the PRC
is primarily responsible for the supervision and administration of environmental protection work nationwide and formulating national waste
discharge limits and standards. Local environmental protection authorities at the county level and above are responsible for the environmental
protection in their jurisdictions. 

Companies that discharge contaminants
must report and register with the MEP or the relevant local environment protection authorities. Companies discharging contaminants in
excess of the discharge limits prescribed by the central or local authorities must pay discharge fees for the excess in accordance with
applicable regulations and are also responsible for the treatment of the excessive discharge. Government authorities can impose different
penalties on individuals or companies in violation of the Environmental Protection Law, depending on the individual circumstances of each
case and the extent of contamination. Such penalties include warnings, fines, impositions of deadlines for remedying the contamination,
orders to stop production or use, orders to re-install contamination prevention and treatment facilities which have been removed without
permission or left unused, administrative actions against relevant responsible persons or companies, or orders to close down those enterprises.
Where the violation is serious, the persons or companies responsible for the violation may be required to pay damages to victims of the
contamination. Where serious environmental contamination occurs in violation of the provisions of the Environmental Protection Law which
results in serious loss of public and private property, persons or enterprises directly responsible for such contamination may be held
criminally liable. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Restriction on Foreign Ownership 

The principal regulation governing
foreign ownership of our business in the PRC is the Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue, effective as of April 10, 2015 (the
 Catalogue ). Investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors are principally governed by the Catalogue, which was promulgated
and is amended from time to time by the Ministry of Commerce and the National Development and Reform Commission NDRC ).
The Catalogue divides industries into three categories: encouraged, restricted and prohibited. Industries not listed in the Catalogue
are generally deemed as constituting a fourth permitted category and open to foreign investment unless specifically restricted
by other PRC regulations. Our Company, in consultation with its PRC legal advisor, the Guizhou Zhonggong Law Office, has determined
that the business of Zhen Ding JV, ore processing, is not listed in the Catalogue or otherwise restricted by other PRC regulations. As
a result, our business is deemed to be a permitted industry. This status has effectively been confirmed by the
PRC State Administration for Industry and Commerce SAIC ), which has issued a business license for Zhen Ding JV, as a foreign
invested joint venture, to engage in ore milling activities. 

The NDRC and MOFCOM periodically jointly
revise the Catalogue. As such, there is a possibility that our company s business may fall outside the scope of the definition of
a permitted industry in the future. Should this occur, we would face a limit or restriction on foreign investment, the likes of which
we are currently not subject to. However, based on our observation of past practices of the Chinese government, any new guidelines
or changes to foreign ownership restrictions will likely be applied prospectively, and companies such as our Company with existing foreign
investments are unlikely to be affected by such changes. Also, we are not aware of any reason why ore processing would in the future be
considered a sensitive industry justifying its inclusion in the restricted or prohibited categories. 

Draft Law on Foreign Investment 

In January 2015, MOFCOM issued a draft
Law on Foreign Investment which is expected to be finalized in the near future without major changes. The draft Law on Foreign
Investment would liberalize foreign investment in PRC businesses by reducing or eliminating the need for administrative approvals of the
form of such investments, provided such investments do not involve investment in a restricted or prohibited industry. Because
our Company is engaged in a permitted industry, and after consultation with our PRC counsel, we do not expect any adverse consequences
resulting from the final passage of the Law on Foreign Investment. 

Regulation of Foreign Currency
Exchange and Dividend Distribution 

Foreign Currency Exchange 

The principal regulations governing
foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations (1996), as amended, and the Administration Rules
of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996). Under these regulations, Renminbi are freely convertible for current account
items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not for
most capital account items, such as direct investment, loan, repatriation of investment and investment in securities outside China, unless
the prior approval of SAFE or its local counterparts is obtained. In addition, any loans to an operating subsidiary in China that is a
foreign invested enterprise, cannot, in the aggregate, exceed the difference between its respective approved total investment amount and
its respective approved registered capital amount. Furthermore, any foreign loan must be registered with SAFE or its local counterparts
for the loan to be effective. Any increase in the amount of the total investment and registered capital must be approved by MOFCOM or
its local counterpart. We may not be able to obtain these government approvals or registrations on a timely basis, if at all, which could
result in a delay in the process of making these loans. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

The dividends paid by the subsidiary to its shareholder
are deemed shareholder income and are taxable in China. Pursuant to the Administration Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign
Exchange (1996), foreign-invested enterprises in China may purchase or remit foreign exchange, subject to a cap approved by SAFE, for
settlement of current account transactions without the approval of SAFE. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account are still
subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. 

Dividend Distribution 

The principal regulations governing
the distribution of dividends by foreign holding companies include the Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise Law (1986), as amended, and the
Administrative Rules under the Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise Law (1990), as amended. 

Under these regulations, WFOEs in China
may pay dividends only out of their retained profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
In addition, WFOEs in China are required to allocate at least 10 of their respective retained profits each year, if any, to fund certain
reserve funds unless these reserves have reached 50 of the registered capital of the enterprises. These reserves are not distributable
as cash dividends. 

M A Regulations and Overseas
Listings 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory
agencies, including the Ministry of Commerce, the State Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration for
Taxation, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, CSRC and SAFE, jointly issued the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which became effective on September 8, 2006 and were amended
in 2009. This M A Rules, among other things, include provisions that purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed
for purposes of overseas listing of equity interests in PRC companies and controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies or individuals
obtain the approval of CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. 

On September 21, 2006, CSRC published
on its official website procedures regarding its approval of overseas listings by special purpose vehicles. The CSRC approval procedures
require the filing of a number of documents with the CSRC and it would take several months to complete the approval process. The application
of this new PRC regulation remains unclear with no consensus currently existing among leading PRC law firms regarding the scope of the
applicability of the CSRC approval requirement. 

Our company is not an offshore special
purpose vehicle under current PRC laws and regulations, as we currently control our Chinese operating entity through a joint venture arrangement
which is permitted under Chinese regulations regarding foreign ownership. As a result, we are not required to obtain the approval of CSRC
prior to the listing and trading of our securities on an overseas stock exchange. 

Our company, in consultation with our
PRC legal advisor, the Guizhou Zhonggong Law Office, has determined that we are not required to obtain PRC approvals and registrations
in connection with the CSRC, SAFE, and SAIC for our joint venture arrangement under PRC regulations regarding foreign ownership, and that
our company is not an offshore special purpose vehicle under PRC regulations. 

This is the case because Zhen Ding
JV was established as a joint venture enterprise in 2005 with the approval of the relevant PRC government agencies, with 70 of the joint
venture owned by Zhen Ding CA, a California entity with foreign ownership, and 30 of the joint venture owned by Xinzhou Gold, a domestic
PRC company. In connection with the formation of Zhen Ding JV, the Anhui Provincial People s Government issued a Certificate
of Approval for Foreign Investment in China in 2005 and a business license was subsequently issued by the SAIC for the period from 2005
to 2025. In connection with the formation of Zhen Ding JV, Zhen Ding CA did not acquire any existing PRC domestic company or
equity or assets, but rather established a new joint venture entity with foreign and domestic partners with funds contributed by Zhen
Ding CA (70 and Xinzhou Gold (30 ). Zhen Ding CA did not acquire an interest in Xinzhou Gold, but rather established a new
joint venture company with Xinzhou Gold as the other partner. Hence there was no acquisition of a PRC domestic company or assets
that would implicate the relevant rules on foreign ownership. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

The M A Rules include provisions that purport
to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose of an overseas listing of securities in a PRC company obtain
the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. However,
CSRC approval is not required in the context of the current offering covered by this Registration Statement because when our company acquired
Zhen Ding CA, it acquired the previously established foreign ownership in a government approved joint venture and not an interest in a
PRC domestic company. Accordingly, our Company is not an offshore special purpose vehicle and the relevant PRC
agencies are not concerned with a change of ownership in a foreign owned joint venture partner. 

Our company s PRC legal advisor,
the Guizhou Zhonggong Law Office, also made inquiries with official representatives of each of the CSRC, SAFE, and SAIC and those official
representatives all confirmed that there was no requirement for our company to obtain the approval of or register with such agency. 

For the foregoing reasons, our company
is not required to obtain PRC approvals and registrations in connection with the CSRC, SAFE, and SAIC for its joint venture arrangement
under PRC regulations regarding foreign ownership. 

Regulations on Offshore Parent
Holding Companies Direct Investment in and Loans to Their PRC Subsidiaries 

An offshore company may invest equity
in a PRC company, which will become the PRC subsidiary of the offshore holding company after investment. Such equity investment is subject
to a series of laws and regulations generally applicable to any foreign-invested enterprise in China, which include the Wholly Foreign
Owned Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Contractual Joint Venture Enterprise Law,
all as amended from time to time, and their respective implementing rules; the Tentative Provisions on the Foreign Exchange Registration
Administration of Foreign-Invested Enterprise; and the Notice on Certain Matters Relating to the Change of Registered Capital of Foreign-Invested
Enterprises. 

Under the aforesaid laws and regulations,
the increase of the registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise is subject to the prior approval by the original approval authority
of its establishment. In addition, the increase of registered capital and total investment amount shall both be registered with SAIC and
SAFE. 

Shareholder loans made by offshore
parent holding companies to their PRC subsidiaries are regarded as foreign debts in China for regulatory purposes, which are subject to
a number of PRC laws and regulations, including the PRC Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations, the Interim Measures on Administration
on Foreign Debts, the Tentative Provisions on the Statistics Monitoring of Foreign Debts and its implementation rules, and the Administration
Rules on the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange. 

Under these regulations, the shareholder
loans made by offshore parent holding companies to their PRC subsidiaries shall be registered with SAFE. Furthermore, the total amount
of foreign debts that can be borrowed by such PRC subsidiaries, including any shareholder loans, shall not exceed the difference between
the total investment amount and the registered capital amount of the PRC subsidiaries, both of which are subject to the governmental approval. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

U.S. Regulations Affecting Our Company 

FCPA Policy 

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act,
or the FCPA, prohibits companies and individuals subject to FCPA jurisdiction from providing to foreign officials any corrupt payments i.e ., bribes, kickbacks, and similar benefits) in order to obtain any unfair advantage with respect to government contracts, regulatory
approvals, licenses, and other government actions for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA applies to: (1) issuers 
 U.S. and foreign companies subject to SEC jurisdiction; (2) domestic concerns individuals who are citizens,
nationals or residents of the United States and companies with a principal place of business in the United States or organized under U.S.
law; and (3) other persons foreign companies or persons who act in the United States to further a corrupt payment.
The term other persons has been interpreted broadly to include foreign entities that send an email in furtherance of a corrupt
act to a U.S. recipient, or that clear a corrupt payment through a U.S. bank. The FCPA requires issuers to maintain accurate books and
records that do not misrepresent their payments or expenses. Issuers are also liable for the accuracy of their majority-owned subsidiaries 
books and records and are required to act in good faith to encourage their minority-owned subsidiaries to adopt reasonable internal accounting
controls intended to avoid corrupt payments. Issuers, domestic concerns and other persons may be liable for the actions of their foreign
subsidiaries and agents if they know or should know that a subsidiary or agent is likely to make a corrupt payment to a foreign official. 

Issuers, domestic concerns and other
persons subject to the FCPA are subject to severe criminal and civil penalties for violations of the FCPA. Entities that make corrupt
payments may be fined as much as 2 million per violation, or twice the amount of the benefit sought in return for the payment. Individuals
may be fined up to 100,000 and/or imprisoned for up to five years. Issuers who violate the FCPA s books and records requirements
are subject to fines up to 25 million, and individuals can be fined up to 5 million and/or imprisoned for up to 20 years. Companies
may not indemnify their officers or employees for FCPA violations. 

Research and Development 

We did not incur any research or development
expenditures over the last two fiscal years. 

Intellectual Property 

We do not currently have any intellectual
property, other than our domain name and website, www.zhendingresources.com. 

Employees 

Currently we have no paid employees.
Our management team consists of our CEO and CFO and they currently do not receive compensation for their services. We intend to provide
compensation to our CEO and CFO in the future and formalize their employment relationship with our company at that time. 

None of the management employees have
employee contracts. 

Our company may from time to time hire
paid consultants to assist it in achieving various goals. Currently, these include Mr. Victor Sun, who has served as a management
and operations consultant since our inception, and Mr. Dai Honglin, who serves as Chief Engineer and general manager of our joint venture
gold mining operations. 

Due in part to his other business activities
in Anhui, China, Mr. Sun currently assists our company by helping to co-ordinate certain business activities and functions between the
company and Zhen Ding JV. Mr. Sun also assists our Principle Executive Officer to coordinate the company s professional advisors
and the execution of day to day public reporting obligations. 

Zhen Ding JV also recently employed
Wei Dong Sun, a Professor of Geochemistry at the Guangzhou Institute of Geochemistry, as a consultant with respect to certain geological
matters at its Wuxi Gold Mine project. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business operations are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth below: 

Risks Relating To Our Company 

We Are Still Considered To Be A
Start-Up Company And Have Little Operating History On Which To Evaluate Our Potential For Future Success. 

Our company was formed in 1996. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not derive any revenue from the processing and sale of ore concentrates. We have had
limited operating history under our proposed business model upon which you can adequately evaluate our business and prospects. Our limited
operating history may prevent a meaningful evaluation of our business, financial performance and prospects. 

You must also consider all the risks
and uncertainties frequently encountered by developing companies in a very competitive field, such as ours. Our inability to find viable
or profitable acquisition candidates and then finding the necessary funding for these purchases may adversely affect our ability to progress. 

Our acquisition of Zhen Ding NV provided
us with our first business operations. Despite this acquisition, we are still operating at a loss. Until we are
able to integrate Zhen Ding JV and obtain enough funding to execute our business plan for Zhen Ding JV, we will not generate sufficient
revenue to cover our operating expenses. 

Doubts exist about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

If We Do Not Obtain Additional Capital,
We May Be Unable To Sustain Our Business. 

Our operating plan for 2022 and 2021
was focused on restarting the Wuxi ore milling operations through the permitting and exploration of further reserves by Xinzhou Gold and
the subsequent expansion of the mill. We estimate we will require a minimum of approximately 4,500,000 to support this plan for the next
12 months. We are actively seeking additional funding, but to date have not entered into any agreements or other arrangements for such
financing. There can be no assurance that the required additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. 

Without additional funding, our company
will not be able to pursue its business model. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms when required,
we would be required to significantly curtail our operations and would not be able to fund the development of the business envisioned
by our business model. These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to continue to operate
as a going concern. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing shareholders
may experience substantial dilution, and such securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. 

If we cannot obtain additional funding,
we may be required to: 

reduce or possibly
eliminate our expenditures on exploration; and 

seek other businesses opportunities
and other strategic transactions with a view toward diversifying our business and attracting new investment. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Even if we do find a source of additional
capital, we may not be able to negotiate acceptable terms and conditions for receiving the additional capital. Any future capital investments
could dilute or otherwise materially and adversely affect the holdings or rights of our existing shareholders. In addition, new equity
or convertible debt securities issued by us to obtain financing could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock.
We cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing will be available to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to
us. 

We May Have Difficulty Raising Necessary
Capital to Fund Operations As A Result Of Market Price Volatility Of Our Shares Of Common Stock. 

The price per share of our shares on
the OTC market may at any time become subject to volatility resulting from purely market forces over which we will have no control. Such
volatility may make it more difficult to find investors willing to invest in our common stock, or to negotiate equity financing or terms
that are acceptable to us, furthering hampering our plans of expansion and growth. 

We Have Incurred Losses in Certain
Prior Periods And May Incur Losses In The Future. 

 We have incurred net
losses of approximately 20 million from inception. As at December 31, 2022 we had a working capital deficit of 10,315,645. We may incur
additional losses in the future. We expect our costs and expenses to increase as we expand our operations. Our ability to achieve profitability
depends on the ability to raise necessary funding, our ability to integrate new projects, the extensiveness of any reserves, and the global
pricing of precious and base metals. We may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 

Our Profitability Is Heavily Dependent
on The World Price Of Commodities. 

The selling price that we will obtain
for any metal production is almost totally dependent on the world price. Should the price of gold, silver, or copper, our main interests,
fall below the cost of production, we may have to cease all mining and milling activities. Our future, at that point, will become extremely
doubtful. 

We Have Not Properly Explored the
Potential Resources on The Wuxi Property 

Most established and experienced mining
enterprises expend time and resources exploring and drilling to establish likely reserves within a given prospect. The method of mining
chosen by the previous owners of the Wuxi property, stated in common terms, is to follow the veins , a technique that is
cost effective, yet has the very real risk of mining activities being suddenly curtailed as the veins may narrow and yields
per ton suddenly become unprofitable. This may cause us to terminate extraction and milling activities at this site. 

We Cannot Assure You That Our Growth
Strategy Will Be Successful. 

Our growth strategy is primarily through
the acquisition of new mines and their expandability. However, many obstacles exist to incorporating any new entity into our existing
operations. Acquisitions of businesses or other material operations may require debt financing or additional equity financing, resulting
in leverage or dilution of ownership. Integration of acquired business operations could disrupt our business by diverting management away
from day-to-day operations. The difficulties of integration may be increased by the necessity of coordinating geographically dispersed
organizations, integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and combining different corporate cultures. We also may not be
able to maintain key employees or customers of an acquired business or realize cost efficiencies or synergies or other benefits we anticipated
when selecting our acquisition candidates. In addition, we may need to record write-downs from future impairments of intangible assets,
which could reduce our future reported earnings. At times, acquisition candidates may have liabilities or adverse operating issues that
we fail to discover through due diligence prior to the acquisition which will be required to comply with laws of PRC, to the extent applicable.
There can be no assurance that any proposed acquisition will be able to comply with PRC requirements, rules and/or regulations, or that
we will successfully obtain governmental approvals to the extent required, which may be necessary to consummate such acquisitions. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We cannot, therefore, assure you that
we will be able to successfully overcome such obstacles and establish these new additions. Our inability to successfully implement our
growth strategy may have a negative impact on existing operations and our future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

If We Are Not Able To Implement
Our Strategies To Achieve Our Business Objectives, Our Business Operations And Financial Performance May Be Adversely Affected. 

Our business plan and growth strategy
is based on currently prevailing circumstances and the assumption that certain circumstances will or will not occur, as well as the inherent
risks and uncertainties involved in various stages of development. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in implementing
our strategies or that our strategies, even if implemented, will lead to the successful achievement of our objectives. If we are not able
to successfully implement our strategies, our business operations and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

We Depend On Our Key Management
Personnel And The Loss Of Their Services Could Adversely Affect Our Business. 

We place substantial reliance upon
the efforts and abilities of our executive officers, Mr. De Gang Wei, our Chairman and key member of Management of our mining operations
and CFO; and Ms. Wen Mei Tu, our President and CEO. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operations, revenues or prospects. We do not maintain key man life insurance on the lives of these individuals.
As well, both Mr. Wei and Ms. Tu have significant activities outside our company that put demands on their time that could detract from
their management of our company s business. 

Failure To Attract And Retain Personnel
Could Have An Adverse Impact On Our Operations. 

Our future success depends on our ability
to identify, attract, hire, retain and motivate other well-qualified managerial, technical, and operational personnel. There is
intense competition for these individuals, and there can be no assurance that these professionals will be available in the market or that
we will be able to meet their compensation requirements. 

Other Risks Related to Our Business 

Reserves And Mineralization Estimates
Are Uncertain. 

We rely on Xinzhou Gold for our supply
of ores. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating proven and probable reserves and mineralization, including
many factors beyond our control. The estimation of reserves and mineralization is a subjective process and the accuracy of any such estimates
is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Results of drilling, metallurgical
testing and production and the evaluation of mine plans subsequent to the date of any estimate may justify revision of such estimates.
No assurances can be given that the volume and grade of reserves recovered and rates of production will not be less than anticipated.
Assumptions about prices are subject to great uncertainty and gold prices have fluctuated widely in the past. Declines in the market price
of gold or other precious metals also may render reserves or mineralization containing relatively lower grades of ore uneconomic to exploit.
Changes in operating and capital costs and other factors including, but not limited to, short-term operating factors such as the need
for sequential development of ore bodies and the processing of new or different ore grades, may materially and adversely affect Xinzhou
Gold s mine reserves and as a result affect our production. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We Potentially Face Intense Competition
From Other Companies In The Mining Field That Have Greater Resources Than Us. 

Most of our potential competitors have substantially greater
financial, technical, production and other resources than we do. Greater size in some cases provides them with a competitive advantage
with respect to production costs because of their economies of scale and their ability to purchase raw materials at lower prices. These
companies may be more attractive for qualified and experienced personnel. Companies with greater financial resources may readily outbid
us for potential lucrative acquisitions. 

Acts Of Terrorism, Responses To
Acts Of Terrorism And Acts Of War May Impact Our Business And Our Ability To Raise Capital. 

Future acts of war or terrorism, national
or international responses to such acts, and measures taken to prevent such acts may harm our ability to raise capital or our ability
to operate, especially to the extent we depend upon activities conducted in foreign countries, such as China. In addition, the threat
of future terrorist acts or acts of war may have effects on the general economy or on our business that are difficult to predict. We
are not insured against damage or interruption of our business caused by terrorist acts or acts of war. 

Risks Relating to The People's Republic
Of China 

Currency Conversion and Exchange
Rate Volatility Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition. 

The PRC government imposes control
over the conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies. Under the current unified floating exchange rate system, the People's Bank of
China publishes an exchange rate, which we refer to as the People's Bank of China exchange rate, based on the previous day's dealings
in the inter-bank foreign exchange market. Financial institutions authorized to deal in foreign currency may enter into foreign exchange
transactions at exchange rates within an authorized range above or below the People's Bank of China exchange rate according to market
conditions. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Control Regulations of the PRC issued by the State Council which came into effect on
April 1, 1996, and the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement, Sale and Payment of the PRC which came into effect
on July 1, 1996, regarding foreign exchange control, conversion of Renminbi into foreign exchange by Foreign Investment Enterprises, for
use on current account items, including the distribution of and profits to foreign investors, is permissible. Conversion of Renminbi into
foreign currencies for capital account items, including direct investment, loans, and security investment, is still under certain restrictions.
On January 14, 1997, the State Council amended the Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and added, among other things, an important provision,
which provides that the PRC government shall not impose restrictions on recurring international payments and transfers under current account
items. 

Enterprises in the PRC (including Foreign
Investment Enterprises) which require foreign exchange for transactions relating to current account items, may, without approval of the
State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, effect payment from their foreign exchange account or convert and pay at the designated
foreign exchange banks by providing valid receipts and proofs. 

Natural Disasters, Health Epidemics
and Other Outbreaks 

We face risks related to natural disasters,
health epidemics and other outbreaks, especially the outbreak of COVID-19 since December 2019 which may have a material effect on our
business, results of operation and financial condition. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

To The Extent Our Assets Are Located
In China, Any Dividends Or Proceeds From Liquidation Is Subject To The Approval Of The Relevant Chinese Government Agencies. 

If we pursue our plans to operate mainly
in China, our assets will be predominantly located inside China. Under the laws governing foreign invested enterprises in China, dividend
distribution and liquidation are allowed but subject to special procedures under the relevant laws and rules. Any dividend payment will
be subject to the decision of the board of directors and subject to foreign exchange rules governing such repatriation. Any liquidation
is subject to both the relevant government agency's approval and supervision as well the foreign exchange control. This may generate additional
risk for our investors in case of dividend payment and liquidation. 

China s Economic Policies
Could Affect Our Business. 

To the extent our assets will be located
in China and to the extent our revenue will be derived from our operations in China, our results of business and prospects would be subject
to the economic, political and legal developments in China. 

While China's economy has experienced
a significant growth in the past twenty years, growth has been irregular, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy.
The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these
measures benefit the overall economy of China, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our sales results and financial
condition may be adversely affected by the government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations with our future investors
and/or customers. 

The economy of China has been transitioning
from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. In recent years the Chinese government has implemented measures emphasizing
the utilization of market forces for economic reform and the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of
corporate governance in business enterprises; however, a substantial portion of productive assets in China are still owned by the Chinese
government. In addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial
policies. It also exercises significant control over China's economic growth through the allocation of resources, controlling payment
of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or
companies. 

We May Face Obstacles from the Communist
System in the People's Republic Of China. 

Foreign companies conducting operations
in The People's Republic of China face significant political, economic and legal risks. The Communist regime in The People's Republic
of China includes a stifling bureaucracy that may discourage Western investment. 

We May Have Difficulty Establishing
Adequate Management, Legal and Financial Controls In The People's Republic Of China. 

The People's Republic of China historically
has been deficient in Western style management and financial reporting concepts and practices, as well as in modern banking, computer
and other control systems. We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in The People's
Republic of China. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls,
collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices
that meet Western standards. 

Because Our Assets And Operations
Are Located In China, You May Have Difficulty Enforcing Any Civil Liabilities Against Us Under The Securities And Other Laws Of The United
States Or Any State. 

All of our assets are currently located
in the Republic of China. In addition, our directors and officers are non-residents of the United States, and all or a substantial portion
of the assets of these non-residents are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon these non-residents, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in United States courts, including
judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state. 

There is uncertainty as to whether
courts of the Republic of China would enforce: 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Judgments
of United States courts obtained against us or these non-residents based on the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the
United States or any state; or 

In
original actions brought in the Republic of China, liabilities against us or non-residents predicated upon the securities laws of the
United States or any state. Enforcement of a foreign judgment in the Republic of China also may be limited or otherwise affected by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, arrangement, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally and
will be subject to a statutory limitation of time within which proceedings may be brought. 

The PRC Legal System Embodies Uncertainties,
Which Could Limit Law Enforcement Availability. 

The PRC legal system is a civil law
system based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems, decided legal cases have little precedence. In 1979, the PRC government began
to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation
over the past 27 years has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. Each of our
PRC operating subsidiaries and affiliates is subject to PRC laws and regulations. However, these laws and regulations change frequently
and the interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. For instance, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings
to enforce the legal protection that we are entitled to by law or contract. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have
significant discretion in interpreting statutory and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative
court proceedings and the level of law enforcement that we would receive in more developed legal systems. Such uncertainties, including
the inability to enforce our contracts, could affect our business and operation. In addition, intellectual property rights and confidentiality
protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. Accordingly, we cannot predict the effect of
future developments in the PRC legal system, particularly with regard to the industries in which we operate, including the promulgation
of new laws. This may include changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the preemption of local regulations
by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the availability of law enforcement, including our ability to enforce our agreements
with the government entities and other foreign investors. 

Any Dividends And Other Distributions
From Any Subsidiaries In China Are Subject To Various Legal And Contractual Restrictions And Uncertainties, And Our Ability To Pay Dividends
Or Make Other Distributions To Our Shareholders Are Negatively Affected By Those Restrictions And Uncertainties. 

We plan to operate in China through
PRC subsidiaries. As a result, our profits available for distribution to our shareholders are dependent on the profits available
for distribution from PRC subsidiaries. If the subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf, the debt instruments may restrict its ability
to pay dividends or make other distributions, which in turn would limit our ability to pay dividends on our shares. Under the current
PRC laws, because we are incorporated in the Delaware, any PRC subsidiaries would be regarded as Sino-foreign joint venture enterprises
in China. Although dividends paid by foreign invested enterprises, such as wholly foreign-owned enterprises and Sino-foreign joint
ventures, are not subject to any PRC corporate withholding tax, the PRC laws permit payment of dividends only out of net income as determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Determination of net income under PRC accounting standards and regulations
may differ from determination under U.S. GAAP in significant aspects, such as the use of different principles for recognition of revenues
and expenses. In addition, if we make additional capital contributions to PRC subsidiaries, (which may occur through the capitalization
of undistributed profits), then additional approval of the PRC government would be required due to an increase in our registered capital
and total investment. Under the PRC laws, a Sino-foreign joint venture enterprise is required to set aside a portion of its net
income each year to fund designated statutory reserve funds. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. As a
result, our primary internal source of funds of dividend payments from PRC subsidiaries are subject to these and other legal and contractual
restrictions and uncertainties, which in turn may limit or impair our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. Moreover, any
transfer of funds from us to PRC subsidiaries, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, is subject to registration
with or approval by PRC governmental authorities. We currently do not intend on paying any dividends in the future and expect to retain
all available funds to support our operations and to finance growth and development of our business. We have never declared dividends
or paid cash dividends. Our board of directors will make any future decisions regarding dividends. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in
the near future. Therefore, any gains on an investment in our common stock will likely occur through an increase in our stock price,
which may or may not occur. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

We May Be Exposed To Liabilities
Under The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, And Any Determination That We Violated The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Could Have A Material
Adverse Effect On Our Business. 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt
Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials
and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We
have operations, agreements with third parties and we make sales in China. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized
payments or offers of payments by the employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors of our Company, even though they may not always
be subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However,
our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants, sales agents
or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in
severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating
results and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations
committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

Risks Related to Corporate And Stock
Matters 

Our Common Stock Is A Penny Stock.
Trading Of Our Stock May Be Restricted by The SEC s Penny Stock Regulations That May Limit A Stockholder s Ability To Buy
And Sell Our Stock. 

Our common shares are deemed a
penny stock . The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has
a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to
persons other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally
to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding
 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock
not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information
about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with
current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and
monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations,
and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting
the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny
stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a
special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary
market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers
to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common
stock. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, we intend to apply for
our common stock to be quoted on the electronic stock quotation service operated by OTC Markets Group the (OTC). There can be no
assurance that we will succeed in this effort. Failure to have our shares quoted on the OTC may impair the liquidity of our common
stock. 

NASD Sales Practice Requirements
May Also Limit A Stockholder s Ability To Buy And Sell Our Stock. 

Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 15g-2 promulgated thereunder by the SEC require broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential
investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of the document
before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. 

Potential investors in our common stock
are urged to obtain and read such disclosure carefully before purchasing any shares that are deemed to be penny stock. Moreover,
Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling
any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his
or her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that
transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably
capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis
on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor,
confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance
with these requirements may make it more difficult for holders of our common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to otherwise
dispose of them in the market or otherwise. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale
May Adversely Affect The Market Price Of Our Common Stock, As The Future Sale Of A Substantial Amount Of Our Restricted Stock In The Public
Marketplace Could Reduce The Price Of Our Common Stock. 

From time to time, certain of our stockholders
may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant
to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act Rule 144 ), subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule
144, a stockholder (or stockholders whose shares are aggregated) who has satisfied a one-year holding period may, under certain circumstances,
sell within any three-month period a number of securities which does not exceed the greater of 1 of the then outstanding shares of common
stock or the average weekly trading volume of the class during the four calendar weeks prior to such sale. Rule 144 also permits,
under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitations, by a non-affiliate of our company that has satisfied a two-year
holding period. Any substantial sale of common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our securities. 

You May Not Be Able To Liquidate
Your Investment Since There Is No Assurance That A Public Market Will Develop For Our Common Stock Or That Our Common Stock Will Ever
Be Approved For Trading On A Recognized Exchange. 

There is no established public trading
market for our securities. After this document is declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, we intend to seek
a market maker to apply for a quotation on the OTC in the United States. We cannot assure you that a market maker will agree to file the
necessary documents with the OTC, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved or that a regular
trading market will develop or that if developed, will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, you may be unable to liquidate
its investment, which will result in the loss of your investment. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Our Directors And Executive Officers,
Collectively, Own Approximately 34 Of Our Outstanding Common Stock And May Be Able To Control Our Management And Affairs. 

As of December 31, 2022, our executive
officers and directors beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately 34.0 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, our directors
and executive officers, acting together, may be able to control our management and affairs, including the election of directors and approval
of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidation, and sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Consequently,
this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, including a merger, consolidation or
other business combination involving us, even if such a change of control would benefit our stockholders. It could also deprive our shareholders
of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and it may affect the market price of our common
stock. In deciding how to vote on such matters, those shareholders interests may conflict with yours. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

As a smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal office is located at
Suite 111, 3900 Place De Java, Second Floor, Brossard, Quebec, Canada J4Y 9C4. The offices, located in a suburb of Montreal, are
not under written lease but are rented through a verbal agreement, on a month to month basis, from Immeuble Wing Kei Inc. at 500 per
month, due and payable at each calendar quarter end. The occupancy began October 15, 2018. 

Our operational offices are located
at: Zhen Ding Mining Co. Ltd., Wuxi County, Town of Langqiao, Jing Xian, Anhui Province, China, Tel: 86-6270-9018. 

Mineral Properties 

Description of the Property of the
Wuxi Gold Project 

Zhen Ding JV relies on Xinzhou Gold
for its supply of metal ores and its processing plant is located on the site of the underground mine where Xinzhou Gold has licenses to
explore and mine ore (the Wuxi Gold Project to reduce transportation cost. The Wuxi Gold Project is located
in Jingxian county, situated in the southeastern part of Anhui Province, PRC. The site is 63km southwest of the city of Xuancheng, a significant
city of about 2.8 million inhabitants, and is 15 km south of the town of Jingxian. The project site falls under the administration
of the township of Langqaio and is located near the village of Wuxi (see Figure 1). 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Figure 1- Location of Wuxi 

The geographical position of the Wuxi
Gold Project is located within the area bounded by the coordinates: 118 24 20 to 118 27 20 E and 30 31 30 
to 30 35 30 N. 

Access to the site from the city of
Huangshan, the nearest city with regular air service, is by Express Highway #205 for approximately 125km to the village of Wuxi and subsequently
by a 2 km all-weather road to the project site. All roads are public roads. Access is also available through the rail system at Xuancheng.
(Please refer to Figure 2 for access to Wuxi via highways). 

22 

 Table of Contents 

The area was eroded by glacial activity
and subsequently by meteoric waters to a rolling landform. The elevations in the Wuxi Gold Project area are generally higher in the east
and lower in the west. The highest elevation, in the area, is less than 300m above sea level. 

Gullies and creeks are well developed
and are recharged by meteoric water. A river near the Wuxi Gold Project site will, via surface channel, conduit sufficient water for process
and mining purposes. All rivers, gullies and creeks in the area flow into the Shuiyang river system. 

The area has a mild climate. The highest
temperatures occur in July and August reaching highs of + 41 C and the lowest are during January and February reaching lows of 8 C.
Annual precipitation varies between 1348.2mm and 1422.8mm, concentrated from April to August. 

The Wuxi Gold Project is located near
the village of Wuxi and the work force comes from this and other nearby villages. A plentiful, although inexperienced, work force is available
locally. 

Electric power is supplied by the local
power grid and additional demand can be met by existing infrastructure. Energy cost is low and reliability is reportedly good. No backup
power supply is provided or required on site. Telephone lines are available. Cellular phone coverage is good. Required roads, power lines,
and water lines are in place. 

Our joint venture partner, Xinzhou
Gold mined ores at the Wuxi Gold Project under two permits: (1) Mining License No. C3400002009114110049341 (the Mining License and (2) Gold Mining License No. (2005) 42 (the Gold Mining License ). 

The Mining License was valid from November
20, 2014 until November 20, 2017 and was issued by the Mining Resources Department of Anhui Province. This license allowed
ore to be mined in a specific area spanning 0.744 square kilometers with an ore extraction limit of 60,000 tons per year. The Mining License
allows for underground mining. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

The Gold Mining License was issued
by the National Commission on National Development and Reform and specifically grants the right to extract gold ore up to 200 tons
a day in the Wuxi Gold Mine and was valid from June 3, 2005 until June 3, 2015. The permit extension application is currently in process. Without
a valid Gold Mining License, Xinzhou Gold may not mine any gold ore from the Wuxi Gold Mine and therefore would not have any gold ore
available for sale to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and income. 

In December, 2016, the application to expand Xinzhou Gold s
permit was rejected due to the company s insufficient working capital. Xinzhou Gold intends to reapply for an extension of
the permitted mining area when it is able to demonstrate sufficient working capital to drill the extended area. As such, mining
of ore has been reduced awaiting an expansion of the working area permitted under the Mining License. However, if sufficient working
capital is unavailable, or should the application be denied on other grounds, we would not be able to secure another source with higher
grade ores for our processing plant, which would severely limit our ability to execute our plan of operation and our potential profitability. 

History of the Wuxi Gold Project 

Initial regional geologic work began,
in this area, in the 1930 s. Geologists, including Li Yuyao and Wang Hengjie, began investigations into the origin of the carbonaceous
zone in southern Anhui. Mineral exploration work began subsequent to the investigation for coal by Zhaoxian Bian and Yunyuan Liu in the
1940 s. 

Additional regional geology and mineral
geological surveys were performed between 1960 and 1965, by the Anhui Regional Geological Survey Team. This team provided a detailed Lithological/Stratigraphic
study of the area. Concomitantly, this team performed stream sampling and investigations of old mine workings as well as additional mineral
prospecting which has laid the basis for all subsequent geological work. 

Since that time, there have been sporadic
geological investigations primarily for the purpose of scientific research. Official regional geologic survey mapping is limited to a
1:50000 scale survey map; this limitation is indicative of the minor amounts of previous geological work performed in the area. 

In 1998, the Anhui Exploration (Nuclear
Technology) Institute discovered gold and poly-metallic deposits in the district. The mineral resource, subject of this report, was located
primarily by surface exploration techniques, primarily surface trenching. 

In March of 1999, the Anhui Exploration
(Nuclear Technology) Institute sought additional investors; their involvement resulted in the formation of our joint venture partner,
Xinzhou Gold. Senior management and owners of Xinzhou Gold are also our partner in Zhen Ding JV and also form part of the senior management
of Zhen Ding DE. 

In 2010, an additional financial partner
was admitted to the Wuxi Gold Project and committed to expending up to US 4,000,000 to firm up the mining tunnels, for additional drilling
and building an ore processing (concentration) plant. Zhen Ding JV has spent about 27.5 million RMB (about US 4.3 million) over the past
3 years. 

The Physical Plant at the Wuxi Gold
Project 

The processing of the ore is through
a gravity concentration plant which has been built on the northeast side of the mountain located within the Zhen Ding JV prospect. The
plant is owned by Zhen Ding JV and is approximately six years old. 

In the PRC, land use rights are the
legal rights for an entity to use land for a fixed period of time. The PRC has adopted a dual land tenure system under which land ownership
is independent of land use rights. The land is either owned by the state or by rural collective economic organizations. As
of December 31, 2019, the Zhen Ding JV did not have any land use rights agreements with the PRC for the buildings owned by our
Company. The Government owns the land where our Company s buildings are located and allows our Company free usage of the land. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

The overview of milling process is
for the ore to be extracted and brought to the plant and initially passed through two crushers, one coarse and one more refined, which
is then fed into one of three grinding mills, where the ore is ground into powder form. At the grinding process, the powdered ore is mixed
with chemicals and then fed into a floatation machine. After the chemical treatment, output from the floatation machine goes through a
filter and drying machine. The output of the drying produces our final product, which is a gold, silver, lead, zinc and copper concentrate.
We do not produce pure metal. We estimate our extracted ore is 65-80 pure and is sold to refineries that further purify and separate
the concentrate. Tailing are sent directly to a tailing pond near the entrance side of the plant. There is no hazardous waste produced
by our concentration plant and we recycle nearly all of the waste water. 

The plant was completed, tested, and
inspected by authorities during 2012. Milling activity commenced during the summer of 2012. In the five months ended December 31,
2012, Zhen Ding JV milled and sold 2,101,200 of metal concentrate. However, mining and production decreased at year end as Xinzhou
Gold exhausted its higher concentrated gold deposits and needed to extract beyond the areas permitted by the mining license. 

At the beginning of fiscal 2015, we
idled our mineral processing plant due to an overall downturn in the demand and market prices for our concentrates. This downturn
has coincided with an overall economic recession in China and downturn in the global commodities market over the past 12 months. 
At the beginning of fiscal 2017, we shut down the mineral processing plant in China due to insufficient working capital. 

Recent Operations 

Since idling our mineral processing
plant, we have actively sought an investment of between 3,000,000, and 4,000,000 which we believe is required to expand Xinzhou Gold s
mining permit, and which would allow us to resume our ore extraction and refinery activities. However, as at the date of this report we
have not successfully secured any financing commitment. 

Due to our continued inability to raise
sufficient financing to expand Xinzhou Gold s mining permit, Xinzhou Gold elected to reapply for a new drilling permit based on
a scaled-down drilling plan. The resulting new permit application, which was submitted to the Anhui Province Land Resources Bureau
for approval on March 8, 2017, seeks renewed permission to continue drilling in the areas directly adjacent to our concentration plant. That
application was subsequently rejected due to environmental concerns regarding wastewater runoff onto nearby agricultural lands. Accordingly,
during the last six months of fiscal 2019, the Company was primarily devoted to refining its environmental impact compliance proposal
and design in consultation with government officials. A new proposal and design was submitted to the environmental protection authorities
on June 30, 2019. 

During
the fall of 2019, the Zhen Ding JV received feedback from the Land Resource Bureau regarding its June 30, 2019 proposal and design
submission. The authorities requested certain improvements to the tailing pond and wastewater treatment facility on the proposed drilling
site as a condition of granting any new drilling permit. Zhen Ding JV subsequently retained a new environmental expert to
rework the tailing pond treatment facility. The new design will employ automated pumping systems to optimize water transfer while lowering
both cost and risk. The design affords immediate control of pressure and flowrate, as well as real-time monitoring of pump speed, flowrate,
inlet/outlet water pressures, water temperature, engine performance, and engine fuel level. The improved water treatment design report
was submitted to the government in December, 2019 and is estimated to cost approximately 1.75 million over two years. The Company expected
a ruling on the new proposal in March 2020, however the ruling was delayed due to COVID-19 containment measures in Anhui province which
resulted in reduced staffing and operations across all levels of the public service. More recently, the Company was advised that no ruling
would be provided on the proposal without additional 3rd party geo-technical research to support the viability of the Company s
design. The estimated cost of such additional research is 500,000. Discussions with the Land Resource Bureau resumed in 2022 and
identified a need for additional groundwater remediation and management measures. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company engaged the
Zhangzhou Institute of Physical Chemistry and Earth to prepare a detailed plan of operations to address groundwater concerns. In the fourth
quarter, the Company also engaged an environmental protection consultancy to evaluate seepage issues related to the tailing pond treatment
facility. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

In light of the continued
strength of gold prices during the first three months of 2023, our management continues to seek proposals from prospective investors and
partners seeking to participate in a smaller drilling operation and other joint venture projects and transactions. However, there is no
assurance that a suitable opportunity will be identified or secured. 

Going forward, we
will continue to seek sufficient financing to re-establish our mineral extraction and refining operations. We will also seek to identify
and evaluation businesses opportunities and other strategic transactions on an ongoing basis with a view toward diversifying our business
and optimizing shareholder value. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may become involved
in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending
legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we
area party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our common shares are quoted on the
OTC Markets under the symbol RBTK. The following quotations, obtained from Stockwatch, reflect the high and low bids for
our common shares based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

The following table reflects the high
and low bid information for our common stock obtained from Stockwatch and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown
or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The high and low bid prices of our
common stock for the periods indicated below are as follows: 

OTC Markets 
 
 Period Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 30, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

September 30, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

March 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

September 30, 2021 

June 30, 2021 

March 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

No trades occurred during this period. 

Our shares are issued in registered form. Worldwide Stock
Transfer, LLC, One University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601, Telephone: (201) 820-2008; Facsimile: (201) 820-2010is the
registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. 

 On March 30, 2023, the
shareholders list showed 193 registered shareholders with 110,411,348 common shares outstanding. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock
and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if
any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time
by our board of directors. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We do not have a stock option plan
in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. 

Convertible Securities 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not
have any convertible securities outstanding. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

We did not sell any equity securities
which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Purchase of Equity Securities by
the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not purchase any of our shares
of common stock or other securities during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

As a smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be
read in conjunction with our consolidated audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report.
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report, particularly in the section entitled Risk Factors 
beginning on page 6 of this annual report. 

Our consolidated audited financial
statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Plan of Operations and Cash Requirements 

Our operating plan for the balance
of fiscal 2023 is to seek an investment of approximately US 3,350,000, which we believe is required to restart our mineral processing
plant in China and extend Xinzhou Gold s mining permit, which would allow us to resume our ore extraction and refinery activities,
although we have not secured any financing commitment thus far. 

The funds raised would be used to: 

1. upgrade tailings pond and water treatment facility; 

2. design and implement groundwater remediation and protection measures; 

3. extend and expand permitted mining area of Xinzhou Gold to access higher concentrate ore veins; 

4. resume ore exploration and extraction activities; 

5. re-start the mill; 

27 

 Table of Contents 

6. re-test the mill; 

7. develop expansion plans for our plant capacity; 

8. drill additional holes near the concentration plant; and 

9. undertake at least three deep drill holes in the permitted area to re-commence greater milling operations as soon as possible. 

This will involve re-testing the plant
equipment and re-hiring all personnel that was laid off as a result of the mining halt. We will reactively seek partnerships with mining
enterprises primarily active in the gold, silver and/or copper fields and subject to the general parameters described earlier to increase
our supply of raw material. In addition, we will look for a partner in the natural resources field in order to enhance our future capability
to access necessary funding and seek other businesses opportunities and other strategic transactions with a view toward diversifying our
business and attracting new investment. 

Cash Requirements 

 We raised net cash of
 52,703 in our financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 58,489 raised during the year ended December
31, 2021. We had current assets of 13,708 (consisting of cash) as at December 31, 2022, and current liabilities of 10,329,353. This
compares to current assets of 29,782 (consisting of cash) as at December 31, 2021, and current liabilities of 10,548,025. Our
working capital deficit as at December 31, 2022 was 10,315,645, compared to 10,518,243 as at December 31, 2021. 

In order to execute our business plan
over the next twelve months we expect to expend funds as follows: 

Estimated Net Expenditures During
the Next Twelve Months 

Implementation of Environmental Planning, Remediation, and Protection Measures 

1,000,000 

Restart mill and mining related operations 

3,000,000 

General, Administrative Expenses 

100,000 

Consulting Permit Fees 

150,000 

Contingency 

250,000 

Total 

4,500,000 

In light of our nominal cash resources,
we expect that we will be required to raise approximately 4,500,000 in order to execute our proposed business plan during fiscal 2023. 
In the event that we are unable to raise sufficient funds to carry out our planned investment in drilling equipment and our planned exploration
program, we anticipate that we will require a minimum of 350,000 to maintain our current business operations without engaging in any
significant exploration activities or investment. We have suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our company is
dependent upon our company attaining and maintaining profitable operations and raising additional capital as needed. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

The continuation of our business is
dependent upon obtaining further financing, a successful program of exploration and/or development, and, finally, achieving a profitable
level of operations. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests
of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future
cash commitments. 

There are no assurances that we will
be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. As noted herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives
to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us
when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing
on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they
become due. In such event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. 

Results of Operations - Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following summary of our results
of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are included
herein. 

Our operating results for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

General and administration 
 70,004 
 63,062 
 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 (262 
 (25,261 
 
 Interest expense 
 (513,675 
 (532,023 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 110 
 43 

Net loss 
 (583,307 
 (569,781 

Our financial statements
report a net loss of 583,307 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net loss of 569,781 for the year ended December
31, 2021, representing an increase of 2.37 during the most recent fiscal year. 

Our operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 69,742 compared to 37,801 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Our interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 513,675 compared to 532,023 during fiscal 2021. 

Liquidity and Financial Condition 

Working Capital 

At December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 13,708 
 29,782 
 
 Current liabilities 
 10,329,353 
 10,548,025 
 
 Working deficit 
 (10,315,645 
 (10,518,243 

29 

 Table of Contents 

As of December 31 2022, we had accumulated
losses of approximately 21,345,909 since inception. We anticipate generating losses and, therefore, may be unable to continue operations
further in the future. 

Cash Flows 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (75,389 
 (108,130 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 290 
 82,301 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 52,703 
 58,489 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 (6,322 
 (6,134 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (16,074 
 26,526 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 75,389 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 108,130 used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021,
representing a decrease of 30 . 

Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities
was 290 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 82,301 gained in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Proceeds from investing activities during 2021 were derived from the sale of fully impaired property and equipment during that year. No
significant property or equipment was sold during 2022. 

Financing Activities 

 Net cash provided by
financing activities was 52,703 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared net cash provided by financing activities of 58,489 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. Proceeds from financing activities during both years were from short-term operating loans. 

Contractual Obligations 

As a smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. 

Going Concern 

 These financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to meet its obligations and continue its operations
for the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accumulated losses of 21,345,909, since inception and had a working
capital deficit of 10,315,645. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders, the ability of the Company
to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations, and the attainment of profitable operations. Realization value may
be substantially different from carrying values as shown and these financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected
by management s application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions
involved with the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of our company, our wholly subsidiary Z W Zhen Ding Corporation and our majority owned subsidiary Zhen Ding Mining
Co. Ltd. All inter-company transactions and balances were eliminated. The portion of the income applicable to non-controlling interests
in subsidiary undertakings is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Foreign Currency Adjustments 

Assets and liabilities recorded in
foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates
of exchange prevailing during the year. Any translation adjustments are reflected as a separate component of stockholders equity
(deficit) and have no effect on current earnings. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in current
results of operations. 

Non-controlling Interest 

Non-controlling interests in our company s
subsidiaries are reported as a component of equity, separate from the parent s equity. Purchase or sale of equity interests that
do not result in a change of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Results of operations attributable to the minority interest
are included in our consolidated results of operations and, upon loss of control, the interest sold, as well as interest retained, if
any, will be reported at fair value with any gain or loss recognized in earnings. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 33 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 35 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 36 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 37 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit 
 38 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements 
 39 

32 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Zhen Ding Resources Inc. the Company ), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with U.S generally accepted accounting principles. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 to the financial statements and going concern
assessment of critical audit matter below, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has working capital and stockholders 
deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective or complex judgement. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in anyway our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Going Concern Assessment 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements and in the going concern paragraph above, the Company prepared its financial statements on a going concern basis, and management
has concluded that the Company has not generated significant income to date. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company
incurred net losses of USD 583,307 and USD 569,781, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the accumulated deficit amounted
to USD 21.34 million and USD 20.91 million, respectively and the current liabilities exceeded the current assets in the amount of USD
10.3 million and USD 10.5 million, respectively. 

The principal consideration
for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company s going concern assessment is a critical audit matter is
the significant judgment by management related to the Company s ability to raise funds and continue operations. 

Addressing the matter
involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements.
These procedures included verifying with certain stockholders about their commitment to financially support the Company for the next
twelve months from December 31, 2022. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 30, 2023 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In US Dollars, except for number of shares) 

 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total current assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities-related parties 

Deferred revenue 

Due to related parties 

Short-term debt 

Short-term debt-related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, authorized, par value, shares issued and
 outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscriptions receivable 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total deficit attributable to Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

Non-controlling interests 

Total Stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and Stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 (In US Dollars, except for number of shares) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Gain on sale of assets 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expense: 

Interest expenses 

Other income (expenses) 

Net loss 

Loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total comprehensive gain(loss) 

Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive gain (loss) attributable to
 Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statement 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In US Dollars) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss
 to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities-related parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds on sale of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from borrowings on short-term debt 
 - 

Proceeds from borrowings on short-term debt related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Foreign currency translation 

Net change in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income tax 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit 

 (in US Dollars, except for shares) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Non- controlling 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Par 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Non- controlling 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Par 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Foreign currency translation adjustment loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

 (in US Dollars, except for number of shares) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of a Chinese Joint Venture entity, Zhen Ding Mining
Co. Ltd. Zhen Ding JV or JXZD ). This indirect ownership is through a ownership of a California company
Z W, Zhen Ding Corporation Z W CA ). 

Our Company, through Z W CA, participates in a joint venture with Jing Xian Xinzhou
Gold Co., Ltd. Xinzhou Gold ), a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China PRC ).
The joint venture company, JXZD, is 70 held by our Company through Z W CA who has the mineral exploration, mineral mining and gold
mining rights to a property located in the southwestern part of Anhui province in China, near the town of Jing Xian. Xinzhou Gold, the
other partner of JXZD is the actual named owner of the various licenses used by JXZD and transferred all rights emanating from these
licenses as part of the joint venture agreement between Z W CA and Xinzhou Gold. Our Company s primary activity, through JXZD,
is ore processing and production in China. 

In 2017, the Company shut down its mineral processing plant in China due to insufficient
working capital. The Company had limited operations and plans to resume selling processed ore concentrate as soon as possible to provide
Zhen Ding JV the cash flow needed to keep its plant operating and to maintain a viable work force for future expansion. 

and ), respectively. 

since inception and had a working capital deficit of and negative cash flows from operations of 75,389.
These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company
as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing
to continue operations, and the attainment of profitable operations. Realization value may be substantially different from carrying values
as shown and these financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

per month 

per month 

per month 

per month 

per month 

per month 

per month 

per month 

per month 

According to the loan agreements, there is not any additional interest and penalty
for the loans passing maturity date. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded interest expense and accrued interest of and respectively and is included in interest expense in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

and , respectively, to Xinzhou Gold. These payables bear no interest, are unsecured and are due on demand. 

Short-term debt 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had short-term debts
to related parties of and , respectively. The details of the loans are described as below. 

At December 31, 2022: 

Zhao Yan Ling 

Zhou Zhi Bin 

Tang Yong Hong 

Yan Chun Yan 

Victor Sun 

On Demand 
 
 Victor Sun 

Victor Sun 

Victor Sun 

Victor Sun 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Zhou Qiang 

Total 

At December 31, 2021: 

Name 
 Relationship to the Company 
 Amount 
 Interest Rate 
 Start Date 
 Maturity 
 
 Short-term debt 

Wei De Gang 

Zhao Yan Ling 

Zhou Zhi Bin 

Tang Yong Hong 

Yan Chun Yan 

Victor Sun 

On Demand 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Zhou Qiang 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had accrued interest
payable to the related parties of and , respectively. For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded interest expense of and , respectively. The Company has received no demands for repayment of matured debt instruments. 

and
 respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had accrued liabilities of and . 

and related to receipts of payment for unprocessed ore from Xinzhou Gold Co. Ltd, respectively, related to advances
that the Company received from its customers. The Company has received no demands for repayment of deferred revenues. 

which was fully impaired
in 2015. 

Change in valuation reserve 

Tax provision (recovery), net 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 
million in net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes which expire at various times through 2039. Generally, these
can be carried forward and applied against future taxable income at the tax rate applicable at that time. We are currently using a 
effective tax rate for our projected available net operating loss carry-forward. However, as a result of potential stock offerings and
stock issuance in connection with potential acquisitions, as well as the possibility of the Company not realizing its business plan objectives
and having future taxable income to offset, the Company s use of these NOLs may be limited under the provisions of Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Company is in the process of evaluating the implications of Section 382 on its ability
to utilize some or all of its NOLs. 

Components of deferred tax assets and (liabilities) are
as follows: 

Valuation Allowances 

Deferred Tax Asset 

In accordance with FASB ASC 740 Income Taxes ,
valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets, if based on the weight of available evidence, some or all of the deferred
tax assets may or will not be realized. The Company has evaluated its ability to realize some or all of the deferred tax assets on its
balance sheet and has established a valuation allowance of approximately million at December 31, 2022. The Company did not utilize
any NOL deductions for the full fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There were no disagreements
related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during
the two fiscal years and interim periods. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 

Management s
Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president and chief executive
officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principle accounting officer)
to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the end of our fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
sole officer (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principle accounting officer), of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our sole officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report due to the material weakness in our
control environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following: 

1) lack of a functioning audit committee due
to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board of Directors, resulting in ineffective
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal control and procedures; 

2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent
with control objectives; 

3) ineffective controls over period end financial
disclosure and reporting processes; and 

4) lack of accounting
personnel with adequate experience and training. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting responsibility, estimates and judgments by management
are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing
management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition,
and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework . Our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
is not effective. Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our directors due to the material weakness in our control
environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following: 

1) lack of a functioning audit committee due
to a lack of a majority of independent committee members, and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board of Directors, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal control and procedures; 

2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent
with control objectives; 

3) ineffective controls over period end financial
disclosure and reporting processes; and 

4) lack of accounting
personnel with adequate experience and training. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC
that permit our company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Inherent Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls 

Internal control over
financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance,
interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel
factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses
in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible
to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There have been no changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

All directors of our
company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The
officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office.
Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position Held 
 with the Company 

Age 
 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Tu, Wen Mei 
 President, Chief Executive 
Officer, Treasurer, 
Secretary and Director 
 71 
 August 13, 2012 
 
 Zhou, Qiang 
 Director 
 75 
 August 13, 2012 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief
account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee
of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization
in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Wen Mei Tu - President,
Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

Ms. Tu has a B.A.
in Business Administration from McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. Ms. Tu has worked both in the private and public sectors,
and has held various management positions. In 1990, she established the groundwork for several companies by forming her own business to
develop and finance projects in the Far East. She has established strong and close relationships with many contacts in both the private
and government sectors in China and Taiwan. This extensive experience and entrepreneurial spirit is the basis of potential implementation
of joint ventures and strategic partnerships. From 1997 to present, she was the Chairman and CEO of Trantech Ltd., a private high tech
research and development company in Solar, Chips Non-vacuum production process field. 

Qiang Zhou Director 

Mr. Zhou graduated from
Shanghai Gymnastic University with a degree in Phys-Ed Management. From 1989 to 1996, he was the assistant general manager for Shanghai
Hui Feng Co. Ltd., an international trading company. From 1996 to 2002, he was the assistant General Manager for Shanghai Heng De
Investment Co. Ltd.., an international investment company dealing with office and residential real estate and small manufacturing business
investment. Subsequently he became one of the co-founders and a director of Xinzhou Gold Co. He has worked as consultant for
the JV in since its founding in 2005, and is currently also a director of the Company. 

Employment Agreements 

We have no formal employment agreements with
any of our directors or officers. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

1. 
 been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

2. 
 had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

3. 
 been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

4. 
 been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

47 

 Table of Contents 

6. 
 been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Our common stock is
not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly,
our officers, directors, and principal stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted
a code of ethics that applies to our sole officer and director, or persons performing similar functions because we are in the start-up
phase and are in the process of establishing our operations. We plan to adopt a code of ethics as and when our company grows to a sufficient
size to warrant such adoption. 

Board and Committee
Meetings 

Our board of directors
held no formal meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions
consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented
to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Delaware Corporation
Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. 

Nomination Process 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, and subsequently, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend
nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates
recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s
requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors.
If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company
at the address on the cover of this annual report. 

Audit Committee and
Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We do not currently have
an audit committee or a committee performing similar functions. The board of directors as a whole participates in the review of financial
statements and disclosure. 

Our board of directors
has determined that it does not have a member of its audit committee that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and is independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule
14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

We believe that the sole
member of our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and
procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial
expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development
and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. In addition, we currently do not have nominating, compensation
or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter.
Our sole director does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because believes the functions of such committees can
be adequately performed by the sole member of our board of directors 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

The particulars of the
compensation paid to the following persons: 

(a) 
 our principal executive officer; 

(b) 
 each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and 

(c) 
 up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name 
 and Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non- 
Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensa- 
 tion 
 ) 
 Change in 
 Pension 
 Value and 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred 
 Compensa- 
 tion 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All 
 Other 
 Compensa- 
 tion 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Wen Mei Tu 
 President, 
 CEO, 
 Treasurer, 
 Secretary and 
 Director 
 2022 
2021 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 
 Nil 
Nil 

There are no arrangements
or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive
officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit
sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share
options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. 

Grants of Plan-Based
Awards 

During the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 we did not grant any stock options. 

Stock Option Plan 

Currently, we do not
have a stock option plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. 

Option Grants 

We have not granted any
options or stock appreciation rights to our named executive officers or directors since inception. We do not have any stock option plans. 

Management Agreements 

We have not entered into
any management agreements with any of our executive officers. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation of Directors 

We do not have any agreements
for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to
receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. 

We have determined that
none of our directors are independent directors, as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

Pension, Retirement
or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements
or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus
or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except
that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Compensation Committee 

We do not currently have
a compensation committee of the board of directors or a committee performing similar functions. The board of directors as a whole participates
in the consideration of executive officer and director compensation. 

Indebtedness of Directors,
Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management 

None of our directors
or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our company
by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets
forth, as of March 29, 2023 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers
as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated.
Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. 

Shareholders Holding over 5 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage 
 of Class (1) 
 
 De Gang Wei (2) 
Gong Shan Zhen, DagongcunAPPX 
Anhui Province 244011 China 
 8,400,000 (3) Common Shares 
 7.60 
 
 Zhi Bin Zhou (4) 
5-37 Hao du guo ji hua yuan 
qing pu qu, Xu jin zhen 
Shanghai China 
 7,000,000 (5) Common Shares 
 6.33 
 
 Felicia Fitzpatrick 
4020 Rue Orly 
Brossard Quebec J4Y 2K7 Canada 
 8,919,233 Common Shares 
 8.07 
 
 Shareholders Holding Over 5 
 24,319,233 Common Shares 
 22 

50 

 Table of Contents 

Directors and Officers 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage 
 of Class (1) 

Wen Mei Tu 
 7308 Rostand 
 Brossard Quebec J4X 2R6 Canada 
 
 29,939,100 Common Shares 
 27.11 
 
 Qiang Zhou( 6) 
No. 6 Long 774 
Chang Le Lu, Jing An Qu 
Shanghai China 
 5,100,000 (7) Common Shares 
 4.6 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
 35,039,100 Common Shares 
 31.73 

(1) 
 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on March 29, 2023. As of March 29, 2023there were 110,411,348 common shares of our company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

(2) 
 De Gang Wei served as Chairman and as a Director of our Company from August 13, 2012 to May 9, 2018. 

(3) 
 Includes 2,200,000 common shares held by his spouse Ms. Wei. 

(4) 
 Zhi Bin Zhou served as a Director of our Company from August 13, 2012 to May 9, 2018. 

(5) 
 Includes 1,000,000 common shares held by his spouse Ms. Yan Ling Zhao. 

(6) 
 Qiang Zhou was appointed as a Director of our Company on August 13, 2012. 

(7) 
 Includes 2,100,000 common shares held by his wife Ms. Yao Zi Wang. 

Changes in Control 

We are unaware of any
contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change
of control of our company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent
a change in control of our company. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Except as disclosed herein,
no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material
interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended December 31, 2022, in which the amount
involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end
for the last three completed fiscal years. 

Accounts payable 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company had payables of 776,295 and 840,005, respectively, to Xinzhou Gold. These payables bear no interest, are unsecured and are
due on demand. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Short-term debt 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had
short-term debts to related parties of 3,311,209 and 3,524,765, respectively. The details of the loans are described as below. 

At December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Relationship to the Company 
 Amount 
 Interest Rate 
 Start Date 
 Maturity 
 
 Shor-term debt 

Wei De Gang 
 CEO Legal person of JXZD 
 2,578,114 
 15 
 May 31, 2011 
 May 31, 2014 
 
 Zhao Yan Ling 
 Former office manager of JXZD, wife of Zhou Zhi Bin 
 15,225 
 15 
 January 1, 2011 
 December 31, 2013 
 
 Zhou Zhi Bin 
 Former CEO Legal person of JXZD 
 7,250 
 15 
 January 1, 2011 
 December 31, 2013 
 
 Tang Yong Hong 
 Manager of JXZD 
 312,536 
 15 
 February 28, 2015 
 February 28, 2016 
 
 Yan Chun Yan 
 Accountant of JXZD 
 8,302 
 15 
 August 31, 2014 
 August 31, 2015 
 
 Victor Sun 
 Shareholder of ZDRI 
 50,282 
 
 January 1, 2011 
 On Demand 
 
 Victor Sun 
 Shareholder of ZDRI 
 12,000 
 15 
 April 25, 2022 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Victor Sun 
 Shareholder of ZDRI 
 13,000 
 15 
 May 2, 2022 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Victor Sun 
 Shareholder of ZDRI 
 12,000 
 15 
 July 12, 2022 
 July 12, 2023 
 
 Victor Sun 
 Shareholder of ZDRI 
 12,500 
 15 
 December 6, 2022 
 December 5, 2023 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Zhou Qiang 
 Office manager of JXZD 
 290,000 
 15 
 December 18, 2012 
 December 18, 2015 
 
 Total 
 
 3,311,209 

At December 31, 2021: 

Name 
 Relationship to the Company 
 Amount 
 Interest Rate 
 Start Date 
 Maturity 
 
 Short-term debt 

Wei De Gang 
 CEO Legal person of JXZD 
 2,789,697 
 15 
 May 31, 2011 
 May 31, 2014 
 
 Zhao Yan Ling 
 Former office manager of JXZD, wife of Zhou Zhi Bin 
 16,475 
 15 
 January 1, 2011 
 December 31, 2013 
 
 Zhou Zhi Bin 
 Former CEO Legal person of JXZD 
 7,845 
 15 
 January 1, 2011 
 December 31, 2013 
 
 Tang Yong Hong 
 Manager of JXZD 
 338,185 
 15 
 February 28, 2015 
 February 28, 2016 
 
 Yan Chun Yan 
 Accountant of JXZD 
 8,481 
 15 
 August 31, 2014 
 August 31, 2015 
 
 Victor Sun 
 Consultant shareholder of ZDRI 
 50,282 
 0 
 January 1, 2013 
 On Demand 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Zhou Qiang 
 Office manager of JXZD 
 313,800 
 15 
 December 18, 2012 
 December 18, 2015 
 
 Total 
 
 3,524,765 

52 

 Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had
accrued interest payable to the related parties of 5,555,132 and 5,482,809, respectively. For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recorded interest expense of 492,722 and 518,432, respectively. The Company has received no demands for repayment
of matured debt instruments. 

Director Independence 

We currently act with
two directors, consisting of Wen Mei Tu and Qiang Zhou. 

We have determined that
Qiang Zhou and Zhi Bin Zhou are each independent directors, as that term is used in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of National Association
of Securities Dealers. 

Currently our audit committee
consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar
functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for
directors. 

From inception to present
date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing
and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. 

The offices, located
in a suburb of Montreal, are not under written lease but are rented through a verbal agreement, on a month to month basis, from Immeuble
Wing Kei Inc. at 500 per month, due and payable at each calendar quarter end. The occupancy began October 15, 2018. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting
 Fees and Services 

The aggregate fees billed
for the most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 for professional services
rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included
in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 35,000 
 35,0000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 
 Tax Fees 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 
 All Other Fees 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 
 Total 
 35,000 
 35,000 

Our board of directors
pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board
of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors
has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities
unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial
 Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements 

(1) 
 Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

(2) 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 (3) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 6, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 4, 1996 (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 28, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 20, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 28, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 (10) 
 
 Material Contracts 
 
 10.1 
 
 The Contract for Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture dated as of November 12, 2004 by and between Zhen Ding Corporation and Jing Xiang Xin Zhou Gold Co. Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 6, 2014) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Articles of Association for Zhen Ding JV dated as of October 12, 2006 by and between Z W Zhen Ding Corporation and Jing Xiang Xin Zhou Gold Co. Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 13, 2015) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Supply Contract of Gold Concentrate Fines dated July 20, 2012 between Zhen Ding Mining Co., Ltd. and Yantai Jin Ao Metallurgical Co. Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 13, 2015) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Mining License No. C3400002009114110049341 dated November 5, 2014 in favor of Jing Xiang Xin Zhou Gold Co. Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 13, 2015) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Gold Mining License No. (2005) 042 in favor of Jing Xiang Xin Zhou Gold Co. Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 13, 2015) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Loan Agreements between Wen Mei Tu and Zhen Ding Resources Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 13, 2015) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Business License Registration No. 3425004000003061(1-1) dated November 17, 2014 in favor of Zhen Ding Mining Co. Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed June 9, 2015) 
 
 (21) 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 21.1 
 
 Z W Zhen Ding Corporation, a California corporation (100 held) 
 
 21.2 
 
 Zhen Ding Mining Co. Ltd., a PRC corporation (70 held) 
 
 (31) 
 
 Rule 13a-14 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

54 

 Table of Contents 

(32) 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive Data File 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
herewith. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereto duly authorized. 

ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/Wen Mei Tu 

Wen Mei Tu 

President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer 
and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Wen Mei Tu 

Wen Mei Tu 

President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Qiang Zhou 

Qiang Zhou 

Director 

56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wen Mei Tu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zhen Ding Resources Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/Wen Mei Tu 

Wen Mei Tu 
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Wen Mei Tu, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zhen Ding Resources Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022
(the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/Wen Mei Tu 

Wen Mei Tu 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Zhen Ding Resources Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zhen Ding Resources
Inc. and will be retained by Zhen Ding Resources Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rbtk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rbtk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rbtk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rbtk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

