<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1839519_0001213900-23-025477.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3898860</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259273</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>758145</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>807115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>999509</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>977742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025477.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025477
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CF Acquisition Corp. VII
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839519
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				851963781
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41166
		FILM NUMBER:		23787854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-938-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025477.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cfacq7.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant CFFSU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share CFFSW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market was
 . 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [ Reserved]. 
 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 27 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 28 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedure. 
 
 28 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 28 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 29 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 34 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 39 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 41 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 41 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, if necessary; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Affiliated Joint Acquisition are to a business combination opportunity pursued jointly with Cantor (as defined below) or one or more entities affiliated with Cantor; 

ASC are to Accounting Standards Codification guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company; 

BCMA are to that certain business combination marketing agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and CF Co. (as defined below); 

Cantor are to Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, an affiliate of ours, the sponsor (as defined below) and CF Co. (as defined below); 

CF Co. are to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering (as defined below); 

ii 

Charter are to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 15, 2021, as amended from time to time; 

Class A common stock are to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the 18-month period from the closing of the initial public offering to June 20, 2023 or a later date approved by our stockholders in accordance with the Charter, that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)) ; 

FPA are to the forward purchase contract, dated December 15, 2021, between the Company and the sponsor; 

FPS are to the 1,000,000 units and 250,000 shares of Class A common stock issuable pursuant to the FPA; 

initial business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

iii 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on December 20, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to the sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to the initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our officers; 

Marketing Fee are to the cash fee payable to CF Co. pursuant to the BCMA upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount of 6,537,500, which is equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the base offering in the initial public offering and 5.5 of the gross proceeds from the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Global Market; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

Pre-IPO Note are to the loan made to us by the sponsor prior to the initial public offering of up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering; 

private placement are to the private placement of the private placement units (as defined below) that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement shares are to the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the private placement units; 

private placement units are to the units issued to the sponsor in the private placement, which private placement units are identical to the units sold in the initial public offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in our Registration Statement (as defined below); 

private placement warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the private placement units; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares; 

iv 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC (as defined below) on February 19, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on December 15, 2021 (File No. 333-253307); 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPAC are to a special purpose acquisition company; 

specified future issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to specified purchasers, which may include affiliates of Cantor, that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination, to the extent permitted under applicable regulatory and contractual requirements related to those funds and accounts; 

sponsor are to CFAC Holdings VII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company which is 100 owned by Cantor; 

Sponsor Loan are to the loan commitment made to us by the sponsor in connection with the initial public offering of up to 1,750,000 to fund our expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements after the initial public offering and prior to an initial business combination; 

sponsor note are to the promissory note issued by the Company in favor of the sponsor pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to lend the Company up to 4,025,000, of which 3,650,000 was drawn at the closing of the initial public offering, and which note bears no interest; 

trust account are to the trust account established by the Company in connection with the IPO pursuant to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as trustee; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-third of one public warrant; 

U.S. GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which include the public warrants and the private placement warrants; 

we, us, Company or our Company are to CF Acquisition Corp. VII; 

Withum are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

Working Capital Loans are to loans the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may make to us if the Sponsor Loan is insufficient to meet our working capital requirements in order to provide additional working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company
formed on July 8, 2020 as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. Since our initial public
offering, we have focused our search for an initial business combination on businesses that may provide significant opportunities for
attractive investor returns. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic
region, although we have focused on targets in an industry where we believe our management team s and founders expertise
provide us with a competitive advantage, including the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries. 

Our management team consists
of: 

Howard W. Lutnick, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who joined Cantor in 1983 and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Cantor since 1992 and as Chairman since 1996; and 

Jane Novak, our Chief Financial Officer, who joined Cantor in October 2017 and, since then, has served as the Global Head of Accounting Policy. 

We, the sponsor, and CF Co.
are all affiliates of Cantor. Cantor is a diversified company specializing in financial and real estate services for customers operating
in the global financial and commercial real estate markets, whose businesses include CF Co., a leading independent middle market investment
bank and primary dealer; BGC Partners, Inc., whose common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol BGCP ,
a leading global financial technology and brokerage business primarily servicing the global financial markets; and Newmark Group, Inc.,
whose Class A common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol NMRK , a leading full-service
commercial real estate services business. We believe that the combination of our management team s and our affiliates financial
services, financial and real estate technology, and real estate industry expertise and proven ability to grow businesses through acquisitions
make us uniquely qualified to pursue acquisitions. 

Past performance of Cantor,
its affiliates and our management team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial
business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical
performance record of Cantor, its affiliates, or our management team as indicative of our future performance. 

Initial Public Offering 

On December 20, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 18,250,000 units (including 750,000 units sold upon the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option). Each unit consists of one public share and one-third of one public warrant, with each public warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of 182,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 450,000 private placement units to the sponsor at a purchase
price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,500,000, and we executed the sponsor note in favor of the
sponsor pursuant to which we borrowed 3,650,000 from the sponsor. 

A total of 186,150,000, comprised
of the net proceeds from the initial public offering, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units and the proceeds from the
sponsor note, was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

We must complete our initial
business combination by June 20, 2023, 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If our initial business combination
is not consummated by such date, unless we extend such time with the consent of our stockholders, then we will proceed to liquidate, and
we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CFFSU, CFFS and CFFSW, respectively.
Our units commenced public trading on December 16, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on
February 10, 2022. 

1 

Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value
creation strategy is to identify and acquire a company in an industry that complements the experience and expertise of our management
team. Our acquisition selection process leverages the network of contacts developed by our management team and those of the sponsor and
its affiliates, including relationships in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries,
comprising management teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, private equity sponsors, venture capital investors, advisers,
attorneys and accountants that we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We are deploying a proactive
sourcing strategy and are focusing on companies where we believe the combination of our operating experience, relationships, capital and
capital markets expertise can help accelerate the target s growth and performance. 

Our management team and Cantor
and its affiliates have experience in: 

sourcing, structuring, acquiring and selling businesses; 

fostering relationships with sellers, capital providers and target management teams; 

negotiating transactions favorable to investors; 

executing transactions in multiple geographies and under varying economic and financial market conditions; 

accessing the capital markets, including financing businesses and helping companies transition to public ownership; 

operating companies, setting and changing strategies, and identifying, monitoring and recruiting world-class talent; 

acquiring and integrating companies; and 

developing and growing companies, both organically and through acquisitions and strategic transactions and expanding the product range and geographic footprint of a number of target businesses. 

Investment Criteria 

We have sought and are seeking
to acquire one or more businesses with an aggregate enterprise value of approximately 350 million to 1.0 billion or more. We developed
the following high level, non-exclusive investment criteria that we use to screen for and evaluate target businesses. We have sought and
are seeking to acquire a business that (1) has sustainable competitive advantages, (2) generates, or has the near-term potential
to generate, predicable free cash flows, (3) would benefit from the capabilities of the sponsor and management team to improve its
operations and market position, (4) has an experienced and capable management team, (5) has the potential to grow both organically
and through additional acquisitions and (6) can be acquired at an attractive valuation to maximize potential returns to our stockholders. 

While we may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we have focused on industries that complement our management team s
background. We therefore have focused on potential target companies in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology
and software industries. 

2 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications related
to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender
offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 

Initial Business Combination 

So long as we maintain a listing
for our securities on Nasdaq, we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 
of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination
as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the
fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely
that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination,
it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business
combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we would not be required
to satisfy the above-referenced fair market value test. 

We may, at our option, pursue
an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. We do not expect that we would pursue any such opportunity with another SPAC sponsored by Cantor. Any
such parties would co-invest only if (i) permitted by applicable regulatory and other legal limitations; (ii) we and Cantor
considered a transaction to be mutually beneficial to us as well as the affiliated entity; and (iii) other business reasons exist
to do so, such as the strategic merits of including such co-investors, the need for additional capital beyond the amount held in our trust
account to fund the initial business combination and/or the desire to obtain committed capital for closing the initial business combination. 

An Affiliated Joint Acquisition
may be effected through a co-investment with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise
additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by issuing to such parties a specified future issuance. Any such Affiliated
Joint Acquisition or specified future issuance would be in addition to, and would not include, the FPS. The amount and other terms and
conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future
issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions
of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our
initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the
total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the initial public offering (not including the private placement
shares) plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B
common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at
this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree
to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing
conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders
on structuring an initial business combination; (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution
provisions of the Class B common stock; or (iv) as part of the Affiliated Joint Acquisition. If such adjustment is not waived,
the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce
the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would
reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. The issuance of the FPS will not result in such an adjustment
to the conversion ratio of our Class B common stock. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so
that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition as described
above. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a
minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination
involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions
and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder
approval, as applicable. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we would be required to comply with
such 80 rule. 

3 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we are targeting businesses with enterprise values
that are greater than the net proceeds of our initial public offering, the sale of the private placement units and the sale of the FPS,
and, as a result, if any cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed
to satisfy redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business
combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and
transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. There is no limitation on our
ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in
connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements into which
we may enter. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion
of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination,
if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we have conducted, and expect to continue to conduct, a thorough due diligence review that encompasses, among other
things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable),
on-site inspection of facilities and assets to the extent possible, document reviews, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal
and other information which has been and will be made available to us and which we deem appropriate. We also have utilized, and will continue
to utilize, our expertise and the sponsor s expertise in analyzing companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections
and determining the appropriate return expectations. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with Cantor or its affiliates or the sponsor or our officers
or directors, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business
that is affiliated with Cantor or its affiliates or the sponsor, or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions
that our initial business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. The sponsor has committed, pursuant
to the FPA, to purchase, in a private placement for gross proceeds of 10,000,000 to occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial
business combination, 1,000,000 of our units on substantially the same terms as the sale of units in the initial public offering at 10.00
per unit, and 250,000 shares of Class A common stock (for no additional consideration). The funds from the sale of the FPS will be used
as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination; any excess funds from this private placement will be
used for working capital in the post-transaction company. This commitment is independent of the percentage of stockholders electing to
redeem their public shares and provides us with a minimum funding level for the initial business combination. 

The sponsor made the sponsor
note to us simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. 

Cantor is the beneficial owner
of founder shares and/or private placement units by virtue of its ownership of the sponsor and members of our management team may indirectly
own such securities. The sponsor has transferred founder shares and private placement shares to our independent directors and we have
paid a cash fee to one of our independent directors, as further described herein. Because of such ownership and interests, Cantor and
our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to
be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

All of our officers are employed
by Cantor or its affiliates. Cantor is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire
to pursue for an initial business combination. While Cantor does not have any duty to offer acquisition opportunities to us, Cantor may
become aware of a potential transaction that is an attractive opportunity for us, which Cantor may decide to share with us. 

The sponsor, our officers,
our directors, Cantor and their affiliates may sponsor, form or participate in the formation of, become an officer or director of, invest
or otherwise become affiliated with, any other blank check company, including in connection with their initial business combinations,
or may pursue other business or investment ventures, even prior to us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination
or completing our initial business combination. In particular, certain of our executive officers and directors also serve as executive
officers or directors of other SPACs sponsored by Cantor (the Cantor SPACs ), each of which is focused on searching for businesses
that may provide significant opportunities for attractive investor returns in industries similar to the industries in which our search
is focused. 

4 

In addition, each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties
to one or more other entities, including the Cantor SPACs or to clients of Cantor or other affiliates of the sponsor, pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Any such companies, businesses
or investments, including any of the Cantor SPACs, may compete with us for business combination opportunities. If any such companies,
businesses or investments, including any of the Cantor SPACs, decides to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing
such opportunities. 

The Charter provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of us, such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a
business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties, including the Cantor SPACs, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity
to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity
to us (including as described above). In addition, our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of the
sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described
above, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by the sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities
to us in his or her sole discretion and will not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination
of which they become aware, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. As a
result, the sponsor or our officers or directors may have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination
opportunities to us or to any other companies, businesses or investments, with which they are or may become involved. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. For
example, a business combination opportunity may be suitable for Cantor or one or more of the Cantor SPACs and us and our officers and
directors who are officers and directors of such other entities may choose to direct such opportunity to one or more of those entities
(including the Cantor SPACs) in their sole discretion before presenting to us, meaning we could find less suitable acquisition opportunities
which could limit our ability to find a business combination that we find attractive. However, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our Management Team 

Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team devotes
in any time period will vary based on the current stage of the business combination process we are in. 

We believe our management
team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts
and corporate relationships in various industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the
experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to
the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination,
we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with
us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of Class A
common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to
tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

5 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and
cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process
takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses
in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not
be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering
is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay
or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with
stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of
the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following December 20, 2026, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year
period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

6 

In addition, only holders
of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
As a result, Nasdaq considers us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards.
Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held
by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance
requirements. We have utilized, and will continue to utilize, these exemptions. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for an
initial business combination in the amount of 187,912,652, based on the balance of our trust account as of December 31, 2022 and excluding
the amount of the sponsor note and any expected proceeds from the issuance of the FPS, we offer a target business a variety of options
such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash,
debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will
allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps
to secure any third party financing and there can be no assurance any third party financing will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than the pursuit of our business combination, at which point we will engage in the
business of the target we acquire in our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash remaining in the trust account at the time of the business combination from the proceeds of the (i) initial public offering, (ii)
private placement of the private placement units, (iii) 10,000,000 FPA, (iv) sale of our securities in connection with our initial business
combination (pursuant to forward purchase contracts or any backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the initial
public offering or otherwise), (v) shares issued to the owners of the target, (vi) debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or (vii) a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the trust account, as well as the 10,000,000 from the FPA, for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

In addition to the transactions
contemplated by the FPA, we may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination (which may include a specified future issuance), and we may effectuate our initial
business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are
targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the remaining net proceeds of our initial public offering, the sale of the private
placement units as well as the 10,000,000 from the FPA, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such
proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing
only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with
assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination
would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are
no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection
with our initial business combination. At this time, other than the FPA, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any
third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

7 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates
have been brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. These
sources introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources
will have read the prospectus of our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors,
as well as the sponsor and its affiliates, have brought, and may bring, to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have. In addition, we have received
a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships
of our officers and directors and the sponsor and its affiliates. 

We may also contact targets
that any of the Cantor SPACs had considered if we become aware that such targets are interested in a potential initial business combination
with us and such transaction would be attractive to our stockholders. 

While we have not and do not
anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis,
we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will the sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any entity with which the sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies
in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any
services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is) other than as described herein. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with
the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will
not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with Cantor or its affiliates or the sponsor or our officers
or directors, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial
business combination target that is affiliated with the sponsor, its affiliates, or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent
directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation
opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. We are not required to
obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more
other entities, including the Cantor SPACs or to clients of Cantor or other affiliates of the sponsor, pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Any such companies, businesses or investments,
including any of the Cantor SPACs, may compete with us for business combination opportunities. If any such companies, businesses or investments,
including any of the Cantor SPACs, decides to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. 

8 

The Charter provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of us, such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a
business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties, including the Cantor SPACs, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity
to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity
to us (including as described above). In addition, our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of the
sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described
above, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by the sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities
to us in his or her sole discretion and will not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination
of which they become aware, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. As a
result, the sponsor or our officers or directors may have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination
opportunities to us or to any other companies, businesses or investments, with which they are or may become involved. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. For
example, a business combination opportunity may be suitable for Cantor or one or more of the Cantor SPACs and us and our officers and
directors who are officers and directors of such other entities may choose to direct such opportunity to one or more of those entities
(including the Cantor SPACs) in their sole discretion before presenting to us, meaning we could find less suitable acquisition opportunities
which could limit our ability to find a business combination that we find attractive. However, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

So long as we maintain a listing
for our securities on Nasdaq, we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 
of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business
combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on
the financial metrics of merger and acquisition transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account
for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating prospective
business targets, we have conducted, and expect to continue to conduct, a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other
things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial
and other information that is made available to us. 

We have engaged CF Co.,
an affiliate of the sponsor, pursuant to the BCMA as an advisor in connection with our initial business combination to assist us in holding
meetings with our stockholders to discuss any potential initial business combination and the target business attributes, introduce
us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in
connection with our initial business combination. We will pay CF Co. the Marketing Fee upon the consummation of our initial business
combination. In addition, we may engage CF Co., or another affiliate of the sponsor, as a financial advisor in connection with our
initial business combination and/or placement agent for any securities offering to occur concurrently with our initial business combination
and pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory and/or placement agent fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial
advisory or placement agent fee for comparable transactions. Furthermore, we may acquire a target company that has engaged CF Co.,
or another affiliate of the sponsor, as a financial advisor, and such target company may pay such affiliate a financial advisory fee in
connection with our initial business combination. 

9 

Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed
will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with such
business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may
not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of
the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 

Whether Stockholder 
 Approval is Required 

Purchase of assets 
 
 No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 

Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

10 

So long as we maintain a listing
for our securities on Nasdaq, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding shares of common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any their respective affiliates may purchase shares
or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their
respective affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. 

In the event our initial stockholders,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a stockholder
vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such
transaction. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of
any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares,
is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We do not currently anticipate that
such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that
the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held
in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business
combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants
may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

11 

The sponsor, our officers,
directors, advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom the sponsor,
our officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders
contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in
connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that the sponsor, our officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their
election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or
not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Such persons would select the stockholders
from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such
person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per
share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The sponsor,
our officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will purchase shares only if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by the sponsor,
our officers, directors and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act
will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be
complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. The sponsor, our officers, directors, advisors and/or any
of their respective affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of
the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases
are subject to such reporting requirements. 

As of the date of this Report,
there have been no such discussions and no agreements to such effect have been entered into with any such investor or holder. If such
arrangements or agreements are entered into, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K to disclose any arrangements entered into
or significant purchases made by any of the aforementioned persons. Any such report will include (i) the amount of shares of common
stock purchased and the purchase price; (ii) the purpose of such purchases; (iii) the impact of such purchases on the likelihood
that the business combination transaction will be approved; (iv) the identities or characteristics of security holders who sold shares
if not purchased in the open market or the nature of the sellers; and (v) the number of shares of common stock for which we have
received redemption requests. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon
Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.26 per public share. The sponsor and
our officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination, or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct
mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or
seek to amend the Charter would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in
a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed
initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless
stockholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for
business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply
with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to the Charter: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

12 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by the sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may only redeem our public shares
so long as our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for
business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to the Charter: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are voted in favor of the
initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding
capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled
to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, the sponsor and
our officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or
after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder
shares and private placement shares, we would need only 6,618,751, or 36.3 , of the 18,250,000 public shares sold in our initial public
offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial
business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written
notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and
voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial
business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against a
proposed business combination. 

The Charter provides that
we may only redeem our public shares so long as our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions or any greater net tangible asset or
cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial
business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we
will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. 

13 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial
public offering (the Excess Shares ). We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks
of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial
business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold
in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us
or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability
to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability
of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly
in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer materials mailed to such holders,
or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy
materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy
materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether
we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business
days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes to seek
to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery
of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such
stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of
the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is
approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn with our consent at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials.
Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently
decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return
the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing
to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is announced but not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different
target during the Combination Period. 

14 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

The Charter provides that
we will have until the end of the Combination Period to consummate a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the allotted time period. 

The sponsor and our officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial
business combination by the end of the Combination Period. However, if the sponsor or our officers or directors acquire public shares
in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such
public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

The sponsor and our officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to the Charter (i) to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with
respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

If we do not consummate an
initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from any amounts held outside the trust account, together
with any loans committed by the sponsor, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend
on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those
funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there
is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may
request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20 per share as of December 31, 2022. The proceeds deposited in the trust
account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.20.
Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make
any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we
will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

15 

Although we seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Withum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters
of the initial public offering, did not, or will not, execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. The sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or
similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable from interest, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However,
we have not asked the sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether the sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that the sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against the sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against the sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked the sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that the sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that the sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. The sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
We have access to the amounts held outside of the trust account of 25,000 as of December 31, 2022 with which to pay any such potential
claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately
 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

16 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law
and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring
or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public
shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the Combination Period and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those
procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280 of the DGCL, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result
of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result
in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, the sponsor may be liable if no waiver against the trust account is
executed, only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due
to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all of the amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to
claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

17 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of the Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by the end of the Combination Period, subject
to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In
the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the initial business combination alone will not result in such stockholder s redemption of its shares for an applicable pro
rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of the Charter, like all provisions of the Charter, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public
companies and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations, including affiliates of the sponsor. Many of these entities
are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target
businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial
business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise
their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and
the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are
located at 110 East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 938-5000. The cost for our use
of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to the sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support
services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote
in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full
time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units,
public shares and public warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, U.S. GAAP, or the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business
combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

18 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited.
A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily
register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under
the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act
prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following December 20, 2026, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior
three-year period. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target. 

We may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame. 

Our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized. 

We may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination. 

We may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption. 

We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

You may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination. 

Trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy. 

An active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading. 

Our financial performance following a business combination may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management. 

Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming and could divert our management s attention, and may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

There may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target. 

19 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may engage one or more of the underwriters from our initial public offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. CF Co. is entitled to receive the Marketing Fee that will be released from the trust account only upon completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because the sponsor and our officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

The value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only 10.26 per share as of December 31, 2022 or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Our ability to identify a target and to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine. 

20 

The SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs (the SPAC Rule Proposals ). Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete an initial business combination and may make it more difficult to complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company. 

To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we expect that we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account than we are currently earning, such that our public stockholders would receive less upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company than what they would have received had the investments not been liquidated. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. 

A 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The
funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our trust account assets are
currently held at UMB Bank, N.A. and are invested in money market funds that invest in U.S. government debt securities. Our cash held
in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing accounts could exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect
to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry
generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, the value of the assets in our trust account
could be impaired, which could have a material impact on our operating results, liquidity, financial condition and prospects. For example,
on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and
Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee
that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

21 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration Statement, (ii) Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022, and (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, August 12, 2022
and November 14, 2022, respectively. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination.
We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 110 East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 938-5000. The cost for our use
of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to the sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support
services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CFFSU, CFFS and CFFSW, respectively.
Our units commenced public trading on December 16, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on
February 10, 2022. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 31, 2023, there was
one (1) holder of record of our units, three (3) holders of record of our Class A common stock, three (3) holders of record of our Class
B common stock and two (2) holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

None. For a description of
the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and the private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the yearly period ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022. There has been no material change in the
planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placement as described in the Registration Statement. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

23 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Delaware on July 8, 2020 for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. Our sponsor is CFAC Holdings VII,
LLC. 

Although we are not limited
in our search for target businesses to a particular industry or sector for the purpose of consummating an initial business combination,
we have focused our search on companies operating in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software
industries. We are an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage
and emerging growth companies. 

The Registration Statement
for our initial public offering became effective on December 15, 2021. On December 20, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering
of 18,250,000 units, including 750,000 units sold upon the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at a purchase
price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 182,500,000. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third
of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50.
Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination and will expire 5 years after the
completion of the initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 450,000 units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit to the sponsor
in the private placement, generating gross proceeds of 4,500,000, and we executed the sponsor note in favor of the sponsor pursuant to
which we borrowed 3,650,000 from the sponsor. 

Following the closing of the
initial public offering and sale of private placement units on December 20, 2021, an amount of 186,150,000 10.20 per unit) from the
net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement units and the proceeds of the
sponsor note, was placed in a trust account located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental acting as trustee,
which may be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act,
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us
meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until
the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account, as described below. 

24 

We have until the end of the
Combination Period to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination by the
end of the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to
complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had 25,000 and approximately 498,000, respectively, of cash in our operating account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
had a working capital deficit of approximately 4,765,000 and 3,525,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately
 1,763,000 and 0, respectively, of interest income from the trust account available to pay taxes. 

Our liquidity needs through
December 31, 2022 have been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from the sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares,
a loan of approximately 97,000 from the sponsor pursuant to the Pre-IPO Note, the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement
with the sponsor not held in the trust account, and the Sponsor Loan. We fully repaid the Pre-IPO Note upon completion of the initial
public offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, pursuant to the
Sponsor Loan, the sponsor has committed up to 1,750,000 to be provided to us to fund our expenses relating to investigating and selecting
a target business and other working capital requirements after the initial public offering and prior to our initial business combination. 

If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient,
the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working
Capital Loans. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there was approximately 4,487,000 and 3,650,000 respectively, outstanding under the loans payable by us to the sponsor. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, these amounts included approximately 837,000 and 0, respectively, outstanding under the Sponsor Loan, and
as of both periods 3,650,000 was outstanding under the Sponsor Note. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding
under the Working Capital Loans. 

Based on the foregoing, management
believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the sponsor to meet our needs through the earlier of
the consummation of an initial business combination or one year from the date of this Report. Over this time period, we will be using
these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective target businesses, performing due diligence on
prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating an initial business combination. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception
through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the initial public offering, and since the closing of the initial
public offering, to locating and completing a suitable initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will
generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in the trust account. We expect to incur increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022 we had net income of approximately 65,000, which consisted of approximately 1,785,000 of interest income on investments held
in the trust account, partially offset by approximately 1,068,000 of general and administrative expenses, approximately 326,000 of income
tax expense, approximately 206,000 of franchise tax expense, and 120,000 of administrative expenses paid to the sponsor. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021 we had a net loss of approximately 81,000, which consisted of approximately 70,000 of general and administrative expenses,
approximately 7,000 of franchise tax expense and approximately 4,000 of administrative expenses paid to the sponsor. 

Contractual Obligations 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

We engaged CF Co., an
affiliate of the sponsor, pursuant to the BCMA as an advisor in connection with the initial business combination to assist us in holding
meetings with our stockholders to discuss any potential initial business combination and the target business attributes, introduce
us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in
connection with the initial business combination. We will pay CF Co. the Marketing Fee upon the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

25 

Related Party Loans 

In connection with our initial
public offering, we executed the sponsor note in favor of the sponsor pursuant to which we borrowed 3,650,000 from the sponsor. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the sponsor has committed up to 1,750,000 in the Sponsor Loan to be
provided to us to fund expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements, including
 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services that will be paid to the sponsor, after the initial
public offering and prior to our initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, approximately 4,487,000 and 3,650,000, respectively, was outstanding under the loans payable by us to the sponsor. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, these amounts included approximately 837,000 and 0, respectively, outstanding under the Sponsor Loan, and as of both
periods 3,650,000 was outstanding under the sponsor note. 

The sponsor pays expenses
on our behalf and we reimburse the sponsor for such expenses paid on our behalf. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accounts payable
outstanding to the sponsor for such expenses paid on our behalf of 0 and approximately 1,014,000, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, in our financial
statements. These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of
estimation. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. To the
extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of stockholders 
equity (deficit) and statements of cash flows could be materially affected. We believe that the following accounting policies involve
a higher degree of judgment and complexity. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our going
concern considerations in accordance with guidance in ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , we
have until June 20, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. Our mandatory liquidation date, if an initial business combination
is not consummated, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements included in this
Report do not include any adjustments related to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities should we
be unable to continue as a going concern. In the event of a mandatory liquidation, within ten business days, we will redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

Emerging Growth Company 

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a
standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .
Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and measured at fair value.
Shares of conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that
are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of Class A common stock are classified as stockholders equity. All
of the public shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, 18,250,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. We recognize any
subsequent changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A common
stock to the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the initial public offering, we recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value of redeemable Class A common stock. This method would view the end of
the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares of
Class A common stock also resulted in charges against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit. 

26 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock 

We comply with the accounting
and disclosure requirements of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss) per share of common stock is computed by dividing
net income (loss) applicable to stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the applicable periods.
We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock
is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

We have not considered the
effect of the warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,233,333 shares of Class A common stock sold in the initial public offering and the
concurrent private placement in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events
and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per share of common stock is
the same as basic earnings per share of common stock for the periods presented. 

See Note 2 Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report for additional information regarding these
critical accounting policies and other significant accounting policies. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict
the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business
and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this
Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages F-1
through F-19 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

27 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022 based upon criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that
are intended to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Based on the foregoing, management
determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
to our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

28 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Howard W. Lutnick 
 
 61 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jane Novak 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Robert Sharp 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Natasha Cornstein 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Bisgay 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Douglas Barnard 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Howard W. Lutnick has
been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since July 2020. Mr. Lutnick is also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cantor.
Mr. Lutnick joined Cantor in 1983 and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cantor since 1992 and as Chairman since 1996. Mr. Lutnick s
company, CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM ), is the managing general partner of Cantor. Mr. Lutnick is also the Chairman
of the Board of Directors of BGC Partners, Inc. and its Chief Executive Officer, positions in which he has served from June 1999
to the present. In addition, Mr. Lutnick has served as Chairman of Newmark Group, Inc. since 2016. Mr. Lutnick served as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of CF Finance Acquisition Corp. Cantor SPAC I from October 2015 until consummation of
its business combination with GCM Grosvenor, Inc. GCM Grosvenor in November 2020, CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II Cantor SPAC II from September 2019 until consummation of its business combination with View, Inc. View in March 2021, CF Finance Acquisition Corp. III Cantor SPAC III from January 2020 until consummation of its business combination
with AEye, Inc. AEye in August 2021, CF Acquisition Corp. V Cantor SPAC V from April 2020 until consummation
of its business combination with Satellogic, Inc. Satellogic in January 2022, and as the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of CF Acquisition Corp. VI Cantor SPAC VI from April 2020 until consummation of its business combination with
Rumble Inc. Rumble in September 2022. Mr. Lutnick also serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CF Acquisition
Corp. IV Cantor SPAC IV since January 2020 and CF Acquisition Corp. VIII Cantor SPAC VIII since July 2020.
Mr. Lutnick has also served as a director of Satellogic since January 2022. Mr. Lutnick is a member of the Board of Directors of
the National September 11 Memorial Museum, the Board of Directors of the Partnership for New York City, the Board
of Directors of the Horace Mann School, and the Board of Overseers of The Hoover Institution. In addition, Mr. Lutnick has served as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of each of Cantor Fitzgerald Income Trust, Inc. (formerly known as Rodin Global Property Trust, Inc.) and
Rodin Income Trust, Inc. since February 2017 and as President of Rodin Income Trust, Inc. since January 2018. We believe that
Mr. Lutnick is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive investment, management and public company
experience. 

Jane Novak has been
our Chief Financial Officer since November 2021. Ms. Novak joined Cantor in October 2017 and, since then, has served as the Global Head
of Accounting Policy. In this role, Ms. Novak provides guidance to Cantor and its affiliates on complex accounting matters, including,
among other things, compliance with U.S. GAAP, IFRS, and SEC pronouncements, establishing formal accounting policies, reviewing SEC filings,
leading new accounting standards implementation and monitoring standard-setting activities. Ms. Novak has also served as the Chief Financial
Officer of Cantor SPAC VIII since July 2021 and Cantor SPAC VII since November 2021. Ms. Novak also served as the Chief Financial
Officer of Cantor SPAC III from July 2021 until consummation of its business combination with AEye in August 2021, as Chief
Financial Officer of Cantor SPAC V from July 2021 until consummation of its business combination with Satellogic in January 2022, and
as Chief Financial Officer of Cantor SPAC VI from July 2021 until consummation of its business combination with Rumble in September 2022.
Prior to joining Cantor, Ms. Novak worked for a number of financial services institutions over the prior 20 years, including Annaly Capital
Management from February 2016 to September 2017, holding accounting policy, financial reporting and SEC reporting positions of progressive
responsibility. Ms. Novak began her career in the audit practice at Deloitte s New York office, serving financial services clients.
Ms. Novak graduated summa cum laude from Brooklyn College, CUNY, with a B.S. in Accounting. Ms. Novak holds an active CPA license from
the State of New York and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

29 

Robert Sharp has
served as our director since December 2021. Mr. Sharp has over 25 years of experience in corporate acquisitions and strategically
building equity value, combining financial and operational expertise. Since January 2014, Mr. Sharp has been Co-CEO of Ramy
Brook, a leading contemporary fashion brand. Mr. Sharp is also the President and CEO of KDS Partners LLC, a private investment firm. Previously,
Mr. Sharp was a founding partner and member of the Executive Committee of MidOcean Partners, a leading private equity firm, from
February 2003 to December 2013. From September 1999 to February 2003, Mr. Sharp was a Managing Director at DB Capital Partners, the
private equity division of Deutsche Bank, which was acquired out of Deutsche Bank to form MidOcean Partners. Mr. Sharp joined DB
Capital Partners from Investcorp International, a global private equity firm. Mr. Sharp has served on numerous corporate boards throughout
his career, including as the previous Chairman of Thomas Scientific, one of the largest suppliers of laboratory products and services.
Mr. Sharp also served as a director of Cantor SPAC I from March 2019 until consummation of its business combination with GCM Grosvenor
in November 2020 and as a director of Cantor SPAC III from November 2020 until consummation of its business combination with AEye in August
2021. Mr. Sharp has also served as a director of Cantor SPAC VIII since March 2022. Mr. Sharp is a member of the Advisory Board of
Mount Sinai Hospital, and a member of the Steering Committee of Duke University s Financial Economics Center. Mr. Sharp received
his B.A. in Economics, Phi Beta Kappa, Summa Cum Laude, from Union College, and his M.B.A in Finance from Columbia University, where he
was a Samuel Bronfman Fellow. We believe that Mr. Sharp is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive
investment, public company and management experience. 

Natasha Cornstein has
served as our director since December 2021. Ms. Cornstein has extensive executive and management experience in operations, marketing
and communications encompassing strategic planning, creative development, public relations and corporate communications, interactive marketing,
media planning and buying, and database /direct-marketing. Since January 2015, Ms. Cornstein has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Blushington, LLC, a beauty services and retail business. She led the national expansion of the brand and their pivot from
a brick and mortar beauty services business to a technology driven beauty education platform. Ms. Cornstein is a passionate advocate
for nurturing women in business and was recently named as a Beauty United Mentor for women of color. In 2020, she was named to the Glossy
50 list of the top 50 executives in the beauty industry in their leadership category. From 2012 to 2014, Ms. Cornstein served
as Director of Brand Management for CIRCA, where she led the company s re-branding initiatives across traditional and digital platforms
and served as the brand s spokesperson during their international expansion. Prior to that, from 2003 to 2012, Ms. Cornstein
served as Vice President of Client Services and Media Relations at Pinnacle Management Corp, a boutique athlete representation firm specializing
in NBA and international basketball players. Ms. Cornstein is the Founder of the Beauty Wellness Forum that brought together
100+ CEOs of beauty wellness companies to collaborate during COVID-19, and is also the Co-founder of the Courts of Dreams Foundation,
a non-profit organization dedicated to restoring outdoor basketball courts in underserved neighborhoods in New York City. Ms. Cornstein
also served as a director of Cantor SPAC V from January 2021 until consummation of its business combination with Satellogic in January
2022 and as a director of Cantor SPAC VI from February 2022 until consummation of its business combination with Rumble in September 2022.
Ms. Cornstein is a graduate of the CORO Fellows program in Public Affairs and earned a B.A. in Latin American Studies from Washington
University in St. Louis. We believe that Ms. Cornstein is qualified to serve as a member of our board due to her extensive experience
in business management. 

30 

Steven Bisgay has
served as our director since July 2021. Mr. Bisgay is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Cantor. From January 2020 until June
2022, Mr. Bisgay held the position of Chief Financial Officer of BGC Partners, Inc. Mr. Bisgay joined Cantor in February 2015
and served as Chief Financial Officer from that time until August 2020, and from January 2021 to present. As Chief Financial
Officer of Cantor, Mr. Bisgay is responsible for financial operations, including accounting, finance, regulatory reporting, treasury
and financial planning and analysis, as well as taxation, risk management, and investor relations. Mr. Bisgay also held various
offices at and provided services to other affiliates of Cantor until December 2019, including as the Chief Financial Officer of
Cantor SPAC I from October 2015 and as a director of Cantor SPAC I from December 2018 until December 2019, and as
a director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of two publicly non-traded REITs, Rodin Income Trust, Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Income
Trust, Inc. (formerly known as Rodin Global Property Trust, Inc.), beginning in 2016. Mr. Bisgay served as a director of Cantor
SPAC V from July 2021 until consummation of its business combination with Satellogic in January 2022 and of Cantor SPAC
VI from July 2021 until consummation of its business combination with Rumble in September 2022. Mr. Bisgay has also served as a
director of Cantor SPAC IV and Cantor SPAC VIII since July 2021. Prior to his time at Cantor, Mr. Bisgay was Chief Financial
Officer at KCG Holdings, Inc., a market-making firm focused on client trading solutions, liquidity services and market-making technologies,
after serving as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Head of Business Development, Group Controller, and Director of
Internal Audit at Knight Capital Group, Inc. and as a Senior Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. Mr. Bisgay received a
B.S. in Accounting from Binghamton University and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. Mr. Bisgay also is registered with FINRA,
holds a Series 27 Financial and Operations Principal license and is a Certified Public Accountant. We believe that Mr. Bisgay is
qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive accounting and management experience. 

Douglas R.
Barnard has been our director since December 2022. Mr. Barnard has served on the Board of Managers at Prophet Asset
Management, a registered investment advisor with over 2 billion under management since July 2015. In addition, since March
2022 and April 2022, respectively, Mr. Barnard has been a Trustee of Cantor Fitzgerald Sustainable Infrastructure Fund and
Cantor Select Portfolios. Mr. Barnard served as a director of Cantor SPAC VI from February 2021 until consummation of its business
combination with Rumble in September 2022. Mr. Barnard was previously the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Managing
Director of Cantor from July 2006 until his retirement in April 2015. As Chief Financial Officer of Cantor, Mr. Barnard was
responsible for Cantor s global financial and management accounting, regulatory reporting, treasury and risk functions and
also served as a member of multiple boards and committees at the company. Prior to joining Cantor in July 2006, Mr. Barnard
served as the Chief Administrative Officer for Dover Management LLC, an investment management firm, where he oversaw all compliance,
finance and administrative functions. Prior to his tenure with Dover, Mr. Barnard held the position of Managing Director and
Controller of the Americas Region at Deutsche Bank AG, where he oversaw all regional financial control during a period of rapid
expansion, including the integration of Bankers Trust Corporation. He also served as Chief Financial Officer for Deutsche s
Asia-Pacific Region based in their Singapore office. Previously, Mr. Barnard was Vice President and Investment Banking
Controller at Goldman Sachs Co., joining the bank from Deloitte Haskins Sells. Mr. Barnard earned a BBA in public
accounting from Pace University in 1982. He was a certified public accountant and a past member of the Financial Management Division
of the Securities Industry Association, the Connecticut Society of CPAs and the American Institute of CPAs. Current and prior
affiliations include the National Forest Foundation and the Corporate Cares Gala supporting the American Cancer Society. We believe
that Mr. Barnard is qualified to serve as a member of our board due to his extensive accounting and management experience. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five directors. Holders of our founder shares have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions
of the Charter may only be amended if approved by at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial
business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board directors, including Mr. Lutnick. Our board of
directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. Our first annual meeting of stockholders was held
on December 28, 2022. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Barnard and Mr. Bisgay expired at our first
annual meeting of stockholders and Mr. Barnard and Mr. Bisgay were re-elected by the holders of the shares of Class B common stock. The
term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Lutnick, Mr. Sharp and Ms. Cornstein, will expire at the second annual
meeting of stockholders. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time,
but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our
capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class; provided, however, that prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, any or all of the directors may be removed from office, for cause or not for
cause, only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding founder shares. Subject to any
other special rights applicable to the stockholders, including holders of preferred stock, whenever any director shall have been elected
by the holders of any class of stock voting separately as a class, such director may be removed and the vacancy filled only by the holders
of that class of stock voting separately as a class. Vacancies caused by any such removal and not filled by the stockholders at the meeting
at which such removal shall have been made, or any vacancy caused by the death or resignation of any director or for any other reason,
and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, and in any case, prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, by a majority of the holders of our founder shares, and any director so elected to fill any such vacancy or newly
created directorship shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or
removal. 

31 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that
our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Managing Directors, Managing
Directors, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the
board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and certain limited exceptions, Nasdaq
rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein and Mr. Barnard serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Sharp
chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein and Mr. Barnard
each meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b) (1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Sharp qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
 retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit
 and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required
 by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies
 for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered
 public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
 quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with
 such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent
 registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us
 entering into such transaction; and 

32 

reviewing with management,
 the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein and Mr. Barnard serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the
Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we generally would be required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent, subject to certain limited exceptions set forth under the rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein
and Mr. Barnard are each independent and Mr. Sharp chairs the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid
 by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual
 basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
 our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in
 complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and
 recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out
the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The
directors who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein and Mr. Barnard.
In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, each of Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein and Mr. Barnard is independent. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

33 

The board of directors also
considers director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. However,
prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for
nomination to our board of directors. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests
of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation
committee charters as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings
at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon
request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on
Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Except as described below,
none of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Except as described below, to date,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, has been or will be paid by us to our officers and directors, or, other than as described herein, to the sponsor or any affiliate
of the sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the sponsor has transferred up to 10,000 founder shares
or private placement shares to each of our independent directors or we have paid cash fees to such directors, at our discretion. In December
2021, the sponsor transferred 10,000 founder shares to each of Mr. Sharp and Ms. Cornstein. In December 2022, the sponsor transferred
2,500 private placement shares to Mr. Barnard and we paid Mr. Barnard 25,000 to serve as a director of the Company. We pay an amount
equal to 10,000 per month to the sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. In addition, our officers
and directors are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to the sponsor, our officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an
initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of
such payments, we do not have nor do we expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors
and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.
We have engaged CF Co., an affiliate of the sponsor, pursuant to the BCMA as an advisor in connection with our initial business combination
to assist us in holding meetings with our stockholders to discuss any potential initial business combination and the target business 
attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases
and public filings in connection with the initial business combination. We will pay CF Co. the Marketing Fee for such services upon
the consummation of the initial business combination. In addition, we may engage CF Co., or another affiliate of the sponsor, as
a financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and/or placement agent for any securities offering to occur concurrently
with our initial business combination and pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory and/or placement agent fee in an amount that
constitutes a market standard financial advisory or placement agent fee for comparable transactions. Furthermore, we may acquire a target
company that has engaged CF Co., or another affiliate of the sponsor, as a financial advisor, and such target company may pay such
affiliate a financial advisory fee in connection with our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

34 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 based on information obtained from the
persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us
 to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers
 and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers
 and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 23,262,500 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 18,700,000 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii)
4,562,500 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for
the election of directors of the board, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together
as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate 
Percentage 
of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Officers(1) 

Howard W. Lutnick(2)(3) 
 447,500 
 2.4 
 4,542,500 
 99.6 
 21.5 
 
 Jane Novak 

Robert Sharp 

10,000 

Natasha Cornstein 

10,000 

Steven Bisgay 

Douglas Barnard 
 2,500 

All executive officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 
 450,000 
 2.4 
 4,562,500 
 100 
 21.5 

5 or More Stockholders 

CFAC Holdings VII, LLC(2)(3) 
 447,500 
 2.4 
 4,542,500 
 99.6 
 21.5 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners, Inc.(4) 
 999,999 
 5.4 

4.3 
 
 Barclays Reporting Persons(5) 
 1,146,811 
 6.1 

4.9 
 
 Beryl Reporting Persons(6) 
 1,866,490 
 10.0 

8.0 
 
 MMCAP Reporting Persons(7) 
 1,337,200 
 7.2 

5.7 
 
 Highbridge Capital (8) 
 1,189,786 
 6.4 

5.1 

less
 than 1 

35 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o CF Acquisition Corp. VII, 110 East 59 th Street,
 New York, NY 10022. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist
 of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock, which shares are convertible into shares of Class A common
 stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in Exhibit 4.5 Description of Registered Securities, 
 and with respect to the interests held after the initial public offering, 447,500 private placement shares. Excludes shares issuable
 pursuant to the FPA, as such shares may not be voted or disposed of by the sponsor within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

(3) 
 The sponsor is the record
 holder of such shares. Cantor is the sole member of the sponsor. CFGM is the managing general partner of Cantor. Mr. Lutnick,
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick
 may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by the sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims
 any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly
 or indirectly. Excludes shares issuable pursuant to the FPA, as such shares may not be voted or disposed of by the sponsor within
 60 days of the date of this Report. The principal business address for the sponsor is 110 East 59 th Street, New York,
 NY 10022. 

(4) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule
 13G/A filed by such person with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under
 the laws of Ontario, Canada, which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted
 company ("PMSMF"), may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 999,999 shares of Class A common stock directly held
 by PMSMF. The principal business address for Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada
 M5J 0E6. 

(5) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G
 filed by Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC (collectively, the Barclays Reporting Persons with the SEC on February
 11, 2022, the securities are owned, or may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by Barclays Bank PLC, a non-US banking institution
 registered with the Financial Conduct Authority authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial
 Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom, and Barclays PLC, as a parent holding company of
 Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Barclays PLC. The principal business address for each Barclays
 Reporting Person is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. 

(6) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A
 filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on February 14, 2023, each of Beryl Capital Management LLC Beryl ), Beryl
 Capital Management LP Beryl GP ), Beryl Capital Partners II LP (the Partnership and David A. Witkin
 (collectively with Beryl, Beryl GP and the Partnership, the Beryl Reporting Persons may be deemed the beneficial owner
 of certain of the shares of Class A common stock, as further described therein. Beryl is the investment adviser to the Partnership
 and other private investment funds (collectively, the Funds and other accounts. Beryl is the general partner of Beryl
 GP, which is also the general partner of one or more of the Funds. Mr. Witkin is the control person of Beryl and Beryl GP. The Funds
 hold the shares of Class A common stock for the benefit of their investors, and the Funds and Beryl s other clients have the
 right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, the shares of Class A common
 stock. The principal business address for each Beryl Reporting Person is 225 Avenue I, Suite 205, Redondo Beach, CA 90277. 

(7) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule
 13G/A filed by MMCAP International Inc. SPC MMCAP and MM Asset Management Inc. MMAM and together with
 MMCAP, the MMCAP Reporting Persons on February 14, 2023, each of the MMCAP Reporting Persons may be deemed to be the
 beneficial owner of the 1,337,200 shares of Class A common stock. The principal business address for MMCAP is c/o Mourant Governance
 Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and for MMAM is 161
 Bay Street, TD Canada Trust Tower, Ste 2240, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1 Canada. 

(8) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule
 13G filed on February 2, 2023, by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC Highbridge a Delaware limited liability company
 and the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts (the Highbridge Funds ), with respect to 1,189,786 shares of
 Class A common stock directly held by the Highbridge Funds. The principal business address for Highbridge is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd
 Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

The sponsor and our officers
and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

36 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Table 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

In July 2020, the sponsor
purchased an aggregate of 3,737,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. In January 2021, we effectuated a 35/26-for-1 stock
split, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares outstanding and held by the sponsor. In December 2021, the sponsor transferred
10,000 founder shares to each of Mr. Robert Sharp and Ms. Natasha Cornstein, two of our independent directors. On December 20, 2021,
468,750 founder shares were forfeited by the sponsor so that the founder shares represented 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares after the initial public offering (not including the private placement shares), resulting in an aggregate of 4,562,500 founder
shares outstanding and held by the sponsor and two of the independent directors of the Company. The founder shares (including the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof in connection with our initial business combination) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder for a period of time as set forth in the letter agreement
among us, the sponsor and our directors and officers. 

The sponsor has committed,
pursuant to the FPA, to purchase, in a private placement for gross proceeds of 10,000,000 to occur concurrently with the consummation
of our initial business combination, 1,000,000 of our units and 250,000 shares of Class A common stock. The funds from the
sale of the FPS may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination or for working capital in
the post-transaction company. This commitment is independent of the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their public shares
and provides us with a minimum funding level for the initial business combination. 

The sponsor, pursuant to
a written agreement, purchased an aggregate of 450,000 private placement units for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in the private
placement. In December 2022, the sponsor transferred 2,500 private placement shares to Mr. Douglas Barnard in connection with his appointment
as a director of the Company. 

The private placement units
and the units issuable pursuant to the FPA are identical to the units sold in the initial public offering except that holders of
such securities will be entitled to certain registration rights. In addition, the sponsor has agreed that it shall forfeit to us for
cancellation any private placement warrants held by it on December 15, 2026, five years after the effective date of the Registration
Statement, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g), and at such time shall no longer have the right to exercise any private placement
warrants. The private placement units (including the private placement shares, the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) and the units issuable pursuant to the FPA (including the shares of Class A common
stock and the warrants underlying such units, and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) may
not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our
initial business combination. 

In addition, in connection
with the initial public offering, pursuant to the sponsor note, the sponsor agreed to lend us up to 4,025,000 (depending on the extent
to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised) bearing no interest. Pursuant to the sponsor note, upon closing
of the initial public offering, the sponsor lent us 3,650,000. The proceeds of the sponsor note were added to the trust account and
will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). The sponsor note was extended
in order to ensure that the amount in the trust account is 10.20 per public share as of the closing of the initial public offering.
The sponsor note will be repaid at the closing of our initial business combination. The sponsor note will not be convertible into any
of our securities. If we do not complete an initial business combination, we will not repay the sponsor note and its proceeds will be
distributed to our public stockholders. The sponsor has waived any claims against the trust account in connection with the sponsor note. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity
to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity
to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its
presentation to us. The Charter provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer
unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company,
(ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to
pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

37 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with the sponsor, its affiliates, or our officers or directors,
including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is
affiliated with the sponsor, its affiliates or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Any such Affiliated Joint Acquisition or specified future
issuance would be in addition to, and would not include, the FPS. 

Other than as described below,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, has been or will be paid by us to the sponsor, our officers and directors, or any affiliate of the sponsor or officers, prior to,
or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of
the type of transaction that it is). In addition, in December 2021, the sponsor transferred 10,000 founder shares to each of Mr. Robert
Sharp and Ms. Natasha Cornstein, two of our independent directors. In December 2022, the sponsor transferred 2,500 private placement
shares to Mr. Douglas Barnard and we paid Mr. Barnard 25,000 to serve as a director of the Company. Upon election of any additional
independent director, either the sponsor will transfer up to 10,000 founder shares or private placement shares to such director and/or
we will pay cash to such director, at our discretion. 

In addition, the sponsor,
our officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the sponsor or our officers or directors or our or their
affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior to the closing of the
initial public offering, pursuant to the Pre-IPO Note, the sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses
of the initial public offering. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the
closing of the initial public offering. The loan was repaid upon the closing of the initial public offering out of the estimated 750,000
of offering proceeds that was allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions). 

On December 16, 2021, we
began paying an amount equal to 10,000 per month to the sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the
event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 18 months (unless extended by our stockholders), the sponsor
will be paid a total of 180,000 10,000 per month) and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

We have engaged CF Co.,
an affiliate of the sponsor, pursuant to the BCMA as an advisor in connection with our initial business combination to assist us in holding
meetings with our stockholders to discuss any potential initial business combination and the target business attributes, introduce
us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in
connection with our initial business combination. We will pay CF Co. the Marketing Fee for such services upon the consummation of
our initial business combination. In addition, we may engage CF Co., or another affiliate of the sponsor, as a financial advisor
in connection with our initial business combination and/or placement agent for any securities offering to occur concurrently with our
initial business combination and pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory and/or placement agent fee in an amount that constitutes
a market standard financial advisory or placement agent fee for comparable transactions. Furthermore, we may acquire a target company
that has engaged CF Co., or another affiliate of the sponsor, as a financial advisor, and such target company may pay such affiliate
a financial advisory fee in connection with our initial business combination. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the sponsor committed 1,750,000 pursuant to the Sponsor Loan to be
provided to us to fund our expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements
after the initial public offering and prior to our initial business combination. 

In addition, the sponsor
or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us additional Working Capital
Loans. 

If we complete an initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust
account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. The
terms of such additional loans by the sponsor, its affiliates and our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no
written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than the sponsor or an affiliate
of the sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

38 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the private placement units, the private placement shares, the private placement warrants, the FPS and
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. 

We paid CF Co. an aggregate
of 3,500,000 (or 0.20 per unit) in underwriting discounts and commissions in connection with the initial public offering. No commissions
were paid on any units sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option. We also paid 100,000 to Odeon Capital Group,
LLC for acting as the qualified independent underwriter in the initial public offering. 

Director Independence 

So long as we maintain a
listing for our securities on Nasdaq, a majority of our board of directors generally must be independent, subject to certain limited
exceptions set forth under the rules of Nasdaq. We rely on the controlled company exception to such requirement of Nasdaq.
An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries
or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the
director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined
that each of Mr. Sharp, Ms. Cornstein and Mr. Barnard is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Withum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings
with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 62,400 and 57,990, respectively. The above amounts include interim
procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

39 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum any audit-related fees
for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

Tax fees consist of fees
billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Withum any tax fees for both
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees 

All other fees consist of
fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Withum any other fees for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services set forth above or to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de
minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
of the audit). 

40 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3

Statements of Operations
 
 F-4

Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5

Statements of Cash Flows
 
 F-6

Notes to Financial Statements
 
 F-7

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented
in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be accessed on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

41 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

CF Acquisition Corp. VII 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of CF Acquisition Corp. VII (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by June 20, 2023, then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Cash equivalents held in Trust Account 

Other assets 
 -

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Payables to related party 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Sponsor loan promissory notes 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 18,250,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (1) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Stockholders Deficit and Commitments and Contingencies 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative costs 

Administrative expenses - related party 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Interest income on investments held in the Trust Account 
 
 -

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding: 

Class A Public shares 

Class A Private placement 

Class B Common stock 
 
 (1) 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock: 

Class A - Public shares

Class A - Private placement

Class B - Common stock

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 - 
 
 -

(1) 

) 

Sale of Class A common stock to Sponsor in private placement 

- 
 -

-

Forfeiture of Class B common stock by Sponsor at par value 
 - 
 -
 
 )
 (2) 

-
 
 -

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering Allocated to Public Warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2021 

-

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2022 

-

(1) (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Interest income on investments held in the Trust Account 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Payables to related party 

Franchise tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Proceeds from Trust Account to pay franchise taxes 
 
 -

Sale of cash equivalents held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Purchases of cash equivalents held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Maturity of available-for-sale debt securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party Sponsor loan 

Proceeds received from initial public offering 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Offering costs paid 
 -

Deferred offering costs paid by related party 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Prepaid expense paid with payables to related party 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (each, a Unit and with
respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including Units sold
upon the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of , as described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of . Each warrant will
become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and will expire years after the completion of the Business
Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit to the Sponsor in a private placement, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

,
consisting of of underwriting fees and approximately of other costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Units (see Note 4) and the proceeds of the Sponsor
Note was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, which may be invested only in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by
the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as
described below. 

of the assets
held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into
the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share). The per share amount to be distributed
to public stockholders who redeem the Public Shares will not be reduced by the Marketing Fee (as defined in Note 4). There will be no
redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is
not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will,
pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as may be amended, the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder
approval of the Business Combination is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal
reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they
vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the initial stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), their Private Placement
Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the
initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by
the initial stockholders in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

or more of the Class A common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii)
with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides
the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

to occur concurrently with the consummation of an initial Business
Combination, of the Company s Units on substantially the same terms as the sale of Units in the Initial Public Offering
at per Unit, and shares of Class A common stock (for no additional consideration) (the securities issuable pursuant to
the FPA, the FPS ). The funds from the sale of the FPS will be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial
Business Combination; any excess funds from this private placement will be used for working capital in the post-transaction company.
This commitment is independent of the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their Public Shares and provides the Company with
a minimum funding level for the initial Business Combination. The issuance of the FPS is contingent upon the closing of an initial Business
Combination, among other conditions, and therefore these instruments have no impact on the Company s balance sheets. 

of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below per share. This liability will not
apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the
extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify
the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or
other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account, except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

and approximately , respectively, of cash in its operating account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had a working capital deficit of approximately and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately
 and , respectively, of interest income earned on funds held in the Trust Account was available to pay taxes. 

The Company fully
repaid the Pre-IPO Note upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has committed up to to be provided to the Company to fund the Company s expenses
relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements after the Initial Public Offering and
prior to the Company s initial Business Combination (the Sponsor Loan ). If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient, the
Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
the Company with Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and ,
respectively, was outstanding under the loans payable by the Company to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these amounts
included approximately and , respectively, outstanding under the Sponsor Loan, and as of both periods was outstanding
under the Sponsor Note (see Note 4). As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital
Loans. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 

F- 9 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations that occur after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself and
not its stockholders from which the shares are repurchased. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. Any redemption or
other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be
subject to the excise tax depending on a number of factors. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Department has authority to promulgate regulations and provide other guidance regarding the excise tax. In December 2022, the Treasury Department
issued Notice 2023-2, Initial Guidance Regarding the Application of the Excise Tax on Repurchases of Corporate Stock under Section
4501 of the Internal Revenue Code , indicating its intention to propose such regulations and issuing certain interim rules on which
taxpayers may rely. Under the interim rules, liquidating distributions made by SPACs are exempt from the excise tax. In addition, any
redemptions that occur in the same taxable year as a liquidation is completed will also be exempt from such tax. Because the excise tax
would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming stockholders, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not
yet been determined. The obligation of the Company to pay any excise tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete
a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. At this time, it has been determined that
none of the IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2022 tax provision. Management will continue to monitor
any updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine any impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

F- 10 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed
to significant risks on such accounts. 

shares of Class A common stock subject to
possible redemption are presented as temporary equity outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance
sheets. The Company recognizes any subsequent changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of
redeemable Class A common stock to the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value of redeemable Class A common
stock. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. The change in
the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock also resulted in charges against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit. 

F- 11 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per share of common stock is the same as basic
earnings per share of common stock for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock

and , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate mainly due to
start-up costs, which are currently not deductible as they are deferred for tax purposes. 

F- 12 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at a price of per Unit, including Units sold upon the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a
 Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a
price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and
only whole warrants will trade. On December 20, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited shares of Class B common stock due to the underwriter
not exercising the remaining portion of the over-allotment option, such that the initial stockholders would collectively own of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement
Shares). 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value Class B common stock for an aggregate price of . In January 2021, the Company effected a 35/26-for-1 stock split, resulting in an aggregate of 
Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor. On December 9, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Founder Shares
to two of the independent directors of the Company. As a result, the Company recognized approximately and of compensation
expense at fair value that was presented in the Company s statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. On December 20, 2021, due to the underwriter advising the Company that it would not be exercising the remaining portion
of the over-allotment option, Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor, so that the Founder Shares represent of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Shares), resulting
in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor and independent directors of the Company. All share and
per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock
at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions. 

F- 13 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (the Private Placement
Shares and one-third of one warrant (each whole warrant, a Private Placement Warrant ). Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. On December 20, 2022, the Sponsor transferred 
shares of Class A common stock to an independent director of the Company. As a result, the Company recognized approximately of
compensation expense at fair value that was presented in the Company s statement of operations for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. Prior to the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the amount outstanding under the Pre-IPO Note was approximately . The Pre-IPO Note was non-interest bearing
and was repaid in full upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

, of which was drawn as of the closing date of the Initial Public Offering
(the Sponsor Note ). As a result of the underwriter advising the Company that it would not exercise the remaining portion
of the over-allotment option, there will be no further draws on the Sponsor Note. The Sponsor Note bears no interest. The proceeds of
the Sponsor Note were deposited into the Trust Account and will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of the applicable law). The Sponsor Note was extended in order to ensure that the amount in the Trust Account is per Public Share
as of the date of the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor Note will be repaid upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination, it will not repay the Sponsor Note and its proceeds will be distributed
to the holders of the Public Shares. The Sponsor has waived any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Note. 

to be provided
to the Company to fund the Company s expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital
requirements, including per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services that will be paid to
the Sponsor, for the period commencing upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and concluding upon the consummation of the
Company s initial Business Combination. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and approximately
 , respectively, for office space and administrative fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 
and , respectively, was outstanding under the loans payable by the Company to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
these amounts included approximately and , respectively, outstanding under the Sponsor Loan, and as of both periods 
was outstanding under the Sponsor Note. 

F- 14 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and approximately , respectively. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts
and commissions. On December 20, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, CF Co. partially exercised
the over-allotment option for additional Units and advised the Company that it would not exercise the remaining portion of the
over-allotment option. 

in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
in consideration for its services and expenses as the qualified independent underwriter. The qualified independent underwriter received
no other compensation. 

shares of Class A common stock, par value per share. As of both December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption.
As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding shares of Class A common stock comprise of shares included in the Private
Placement Units. The shares of Class A common stock included in the Private Placement Units do not contain the same redemption features
contained in the Public Shares. 

shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued
and outstanding. In connection with the underwriter advising the Company that it would not exercise the remaining portion of the over-allotment
option, the Sponsor forfeited shares of Class B common stock, such that the initial stockholders would collectively own of
the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement
Shares). 

F- 15 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Holders of Class A common stock are not entitled
to vote on the election of directors during such time. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single
class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination
(excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any securities
issued pursuant to the FPA). 

Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor. Information contained in the
financial statements has been retroactively adjusted for the stock split. On December 9, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of
 Founder Shares to two of the independent directors of the Company. On December 20, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited shares
of Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor and two of the independent
directors of the Company. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

after the effective date of the registration statement, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g), and at such time
shall no longer have the right to exercise any Private Placement Warrants. 

F- 16 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of federal income tax expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and no income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

-

State 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Federal 

State 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Deferred compensation 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

F- 17 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Effective Tax Rate 
 
 - 

F- 18 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-
 
 -

Total 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Total 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 19 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and among the Company, CF Co, as representative of the several underwriters, and the qualified independent underwriter named therein. (3) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and CF Co. (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as warrant agent. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities.(4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and among the Company, the sponsor and each of the directors and executive officers of the Company. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as trustee. (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and among the Company, the sponsor and the holders party thereto. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Expense Reimbursement Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 7, 2020, issued to the sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 15, 2021, issued to the sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Forward Purchase Contract, dated December 15, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Sponsor Loan Note, dated December 15, 2021, issued to the sponsor. (3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline
 XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 31, 2023 
 CF
 Acquisition Corp. VII 

By:
 
 /s/
 Howard W. Lutnick 

Name: 
 
 Howard
 W. Lutnick 

Title:
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Howard W. Lutnick 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Howard
 W. Lutnick 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jane Novak 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jane
 Novak 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Robert Sharp 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Sharp 

/s/
 Natasha Cornstein 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Natasha
 Cornstein 

/s/
 Steven Bisgay 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Bisgay 

/s/
 Douglas Barnard 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Douglas
 Barnard 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_cfacq7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Howard W. Lutnick, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CF Acquisition Corp. VII; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Howard W. Lutnick 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_cfacq7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jane Novak, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CF Acquisition Corp. VII; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Jane Novak 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_cfacqu7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of CF Acquisition Corp. VII (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard W. Lutnick, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Howard W. Lutnick 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_cfacqu7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of CF Acquisition Corp. VII (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jane Novak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Jane Novak 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cffs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cffs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cffs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cffs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cffs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

