<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1505155_0001505155-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13938408</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357850</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2418666</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4617878</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3433019</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2870710</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001505155-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228204603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001505155-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Upland Software, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505155
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				272992077
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36720
		FILM NUMBER:		23689119

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 CONGRESS AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1850
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-960-1010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 CONGRESS AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1850
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Silverback Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001505155-23-000017.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 upld-20221231.htm
 10-K

upld-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based upon the closing price of 14.52 of such common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). Shares of common stock held as of June 30, 2022 by each director and executive officer of the registrant, as well as shares held by each holder of 10 of the common stock known to the registrant, have been excluded for purposes of the foregoing calculation. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of February 21, 2023, shares of the registrant s Common Stock were outstanding. 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 57 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 65 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 100 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 100 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 100 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 102 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 
 SIGNATURES 
 106 

1 

PART I 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, may, will, continue, seek, estimate, intend, hope, predict, could, should, would, project, plan, expect or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our financial performance and our ability to achieve or sustain profitability or predict future results; 
 our plans regarding future acquisitions and our ability to consummate and integrate acquisitions; 
 our ability to expand our go to market operations, including our marketing and sales organization, and successfully increase sales of our products; 
 our ability to obtain financing in the future on acceptable terms or at all; 
 our expectations with respect to revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses in future periods; 
 our expectations with regard to revenue from perpetual licenses, usage fees and professional services; 
 our ability to adapt to macroeconomic factors impacting the global economy, including foreign currency exchange risk, inflation and supply chain constraints; 
 our ability to attract and retain customers; 
 our ability to successfully enter new markets and manage our international expansion; 
 our ability to comply with privacy laws and regulations; 
 our ability to deliver high-quality customer service; 
 our plans regarding, and our ability to effectively manage, our growth; 
 maintaining our senior management team and key personnel; 
 the performance of our resellers; 
 our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and competition; 
 our ability to adapt to technological change and continue to innovate; 
 global economic and financial market conditions and uncertainties; 
 the growth of demand for cloud-based, digital transformation applications; 
 our ability to integrate our applications with other software applications; 
 maintaining and expanding our relationships with third parties; 
 costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand and intellectual property; 
 our expectations with regard to trends, such as seasonality, which affect our business; 
 impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 our beliefs regarding how our applications benefit customers and what our competitive strengths are; 
 the operation, reliability and security of our third-party data centers; 
 the risk that we did not consider another contingency included in this list; 
 our expectations as to the payment of dividends; and 
 other risk factors included under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Repor t on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 
 All references to Upland, we, us or our mean Upland Software, Inc. 
 
 3 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Upland provides cloud-based software applications that enable our customers to drive digital transformation in the following business functions: 
 
 Marketing . Digital marketing, e-commerce, and customer service teams use our applications to interact with consumers across multiple channels to acquire new customers, drive product and service utilization, resolve issues, and build brand loyalty. Our applications deliver value to organizations across a number of use cases including mobile messaging, mobile application marketing, Voice of the Customer (VOC), email marketing, knowledge management and call center productivity. 
 Sales . Sales teams employ our applications to drive growth through deeper customer engagement, reduced sales cycle times, and improved collaboration between sales, marketing, and other customer-facing functions. We offer applications that help organizations optimize their sales opportunity and account management processes, coordinate proposal and reference activities, collaborate on the creation and publication of digital content and gain increased control over key sales and marketing workflows, activities and budgets. 
 Contact Center . Customer service and support environments use our applications to enable agents to resolve issues and engage customers. We offer applications that improve customer experience and reduce call volume and cycle times through customer self-service products and VoC technology that captures customer sentiment in real-time. Upland also offers products that improve call center agent productivity by providing more direct access to knowledge and to customer sentiment thereby improving both inbound call outcomes and proactive outbound success. We also provide products that deliver knowledge-based, guided workflows for customer service environments supporting complex products in strict regulatory requirements. Additional solutions help call center leadership to manage agent performance and measure real-time performance relative to call resolution and customer sentiment, improve performance through gamification, and gather agent feedback to keep employee engagement high. 
 Knowledge Management. In addition to contact centers, we provide knowledge management applications to a variety of lines of businesses to improve employee productivity and value by providing more direct access to knowledge. Upland knowledge solutions provide access to time-critical information from within our applications or other systems that exists within an organization and delivers a unified view of all related content. We also provide products that deliver knowledge-based, guided workflows for customer service environments supporting complex products in strict regulatory requirements. 
 Project Management. Business leaders and project management officers (PMOs) use our applications to optimize project portfolios, balance capacity against demand, improve financial-based decision making, align execution of projects to strategy across large organizations, and manage the project delivery lifecycle. Our applications deliver value to project management across a variety of use cases including continuous improvement, enterprise IT, new product development, and services departments along with industry depth in higher education, public sector, and healthcare IT. 
 Information Technology . Information technology (IT) departments use our applications to manage a variety of IT activities and resources across the enterprise. Our applications help information technology departments ensure they are delivering against the objectives of the business by helping them select and prioritize the right investments, gain greater control of resource demand and allocation, and track and report benefit realization. Our applications enable executives to gain better insight into IT spending to help prevent cost overruns and understand the nature of consumption. 
 4 

Business Operations . Multiple functional departments use our applications to streamline operations and accelerate business performance across their value chains. Upland solutions in this area range from supply chain collaboration and factory management, back office document and vendor management, to applications that improve sales responsiveness. In addition, our products help operations team compose, automate and exchange documents based on content from existing back-office systems to produce interactive business communications, while maintaining compliance and reducing production costs. 
 Human Resources and Legal . Human resources (HR), legal departments, and law firms use our applications to improve collaboration and operational control and streamline routine processes. We offer applications that automate document management and workflow including, contracts, records, and other documentation that require enhanced security and compliance requirements. Other applications support HR-specific workflows including onboarding, employee management, termination, HR support, and time and expense management. 
 
 Through a series of acquisitions and integrations, we have built a diverse family of software applications under the Upland brand. Our total revenue increased from 302.0 million to 317.3 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a 5 period-over-period growth rate. Our subscription and support revenue increased from 287.6 million to 297.9 million, from the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a 4 period-over-period growth rate. 
 To support continued growth, we intend to continue to pursue acquisitions within our core cloud offerings of complementary technologies and businesses. We expect that this will expand our customer base and market access, resulting in increased benefits of scale. Consistent with our growth strategy, we have made a total of 31 acquisitions in the 11 years ending December 31, 2022. 
 The operating platform we use to transform acquired companies in order to maintain a consistently high level of operating performance is called UplandOne. This platform consists of six key areas: 
 High-Touch Customer Success Program. We have institutionalized a set of unique customer commitments and deliverables we call the Upland Customer Success Program that includes onboarding and training, a dedicated customer success representative, upgraded success plans, virtual user conferences, periodic executive outreach, Net Promoter Score (NPS), and an ongoing customer feedback loop. 
 Quality-Focused R D . Our approach to research and development (R D) at Upland is straight-forward: prioritize the customer need, leverage a metrics-driven agile approach with visibility and accountability, and deploy up-to-date development systems and processes to ensure quality and security are built into every step of development. In 2022, we announced the creation of our own R D Center of Excellence in India which we are continuing to grow as we expand our cost-effective offshore product development platform in order to maintain our product competitiveness and expand our total addressable market. 
 Customer-Driven Innovation. Customer feedback is at the heart of the Upland customer experience. New features are added and prioritized in our product roadmaps, and then fine-tuned, based on direct customer input. Requests from our Premier Success Plan customers are given additional priority weighting for new features and minor issue resolution. Product feedback outlets include customer success account management, virtual user conferences, customer advisory boards, and Upland s online communities. 
 Expert Professional Services . Through our Professional Services organization, Upland is committed to delivering the most value from a customer s Upland investment in the shortest possible time. Once we engage on a project, we dedicate a team to the planning, configuration, integration, launch, administration, and maintenance of the application. 
 Global Support. Upland Global support includes: prioritized issue escalation and resolution; online and phone support; access to a community to share and discuss best practices, support tips, training materials, and custom reports; a knowledge-base with alerts, service recommendations, and troubleshooting content; unlimited case submissions and real-time case updates; and technical support access worldwide . For customers that have more urgent support requirements, Upland Premier Success Plans provide enhanced response times and availability for the most severe support requests. 
 5 

Enterprise Cloud Platform. Upland s products run on an enterprise-class cloud environment - delivering power, reliability, and flexibility. We utili ze third-party cloud providers for our cloud-based products and move acquired products to third-party cloud providers in connection with our acquisition integration program. Our applications are scalable and can support large deployments while maintaining high levels of availability, performance and security levels. 
 Our operating results in a given period can fluctuate based on the mix of subscription and support, perpetual license and professional services revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our subscription and support revenue represented 94 , 95 and 95 of total revenue, respectively. Historically, we have sold certain of our applications under perpetual licenses, which also are paid in advance. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our perpetual license revenue represented 2 , 1 and 1 of total revenue, respectively. The support agreements related to our perpetual licenses are typically one-year in duration and entitle the customer to support and unspecified upgrades. The revenue related to such support agreements is included as part of our subscription and support revenue. Professional services revenue consists of fees related to implementation, data extraction, integration and configuration, and training on our applications. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our professional services revenue represented 4 , 4 and 4 of total revenue, respectively. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following competitive strengths are keys to our success: 
 Large, diversified customer base . Our customer base is highly diverse and spans a broad array of industries, including financial services, consulting services, technology, manufacturing, media, telecommunications, government, political, non-profit, healthcare, life sciences, retail and hospitality. We service customers of varying size, ranging from large global corporations and government agencies to medium-sized businesses. We have more than 10,000 customers, with no customer representing more than 10 of our revenue. 
 Diversified family of cloud applications . We offer a family of cloud-based software applications that addresses a broad range of enterprise needs. We believe this benefits our customers as compared to many of our cloud-based competitors who offer only a single point solution for a more limited and discrete need. 
 Recurring revenue model with high visibility . We believe we have an attractive operating model due to the recurring nature of our subscription revenue, which results in greater visibility and predictability of future revenue and enhances our ability to effectively manage our business. In addition, the cloud-based nature of our model accommodates significant additional business volume with limited incremental costs, providing us with opportunities to improve our operating margins. 
 Proven M A capability . We have a proven ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate complementary businesses to grow our company, as evidenced by the 31 acquisitions we have completed in the 11 years ending December 31, 2022. We believe that our acquisition experience and strategy give us a competitive advantage in identifying additional opportunities to expand our family of software applications to better serve our customers. 
 Experienced, proven management team . Our management team has significant operating experience and previously occupied key leadership roles at both private and public companies. In addition, our management s extensive knowledge of the industry and experience in building businesses has enabled us to establish a leading position within the enterprise software market. 
 Cloud-based delivery . We deliver our software applications and functionality primarily through the cloud, with no hardware or software installation required by our customers. This delivery model allows us to provide reliable, cost-effective applications to our customers, add subscribers with minimal incremental effort and deploy new functionality and upgrades quickly and efficiently. We believe our cloud-based delivery model provides us with a competitive advantage over legacy processes and on-premise systems. 
 Commitment to customer success . We have a dedicated customer success organization whose mission is to drive adoption, value realization, retention, and loyalty across our customer base. Our focus on enabling our customers success is a key reason our annual net dollar retention rate was 95 as of December 31, 2022. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysi s Key Metrics , for our definition of annual net dollar retention rate. Our commitment to customer success has enabled us to expand our footprint within customer organizations and facilitate the ongoing adoption of our enterprise software applications. We utilize NPS methodology to track our progress and drive continuous improvement. 
 6 

Our Strategy for Growth 
 We believe the key elements of our strategy for growth are as follows: 
 Acquire complementary software businesses . We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of complementary technologies, products, and businesses to expand our footprint in target business functions, and to provide access to new markets and increased benefits of scale. Our experienced corporate development team continually monitors a pipeline of potential acquisition candidates. We believe that our acquisition experience and strategy give us a competitive advantage in identifying additional opportunities to expand our portfolio cloud-based applications to better serve our customers. We intend to prioritize acquisitions within the solution categories we currently offer. 
 Improve and enhance applications. We intend to continue to invest in research and development and work closely with our customers to identify and improve applications, features and functionalities that address customer requirements across the enterprise spectrum. We also intend to continue to expand our support for key third-party integrations and presence in key partner marketplaces. 
 Increase sales to existing customers . We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand the adoption of our applications within our existing customer organizations, particularly within divisions or departments that have not previously used our applications. We also intend to cross-sell additional applications to our existing customers, as very few of our customers currently use more than one of our applications. In addition, we intend to add new applications that will address additional functions within the enterprise spectrum. We believe these initiatives will significantly increase the value of our partnership with our customers, further strengthen our competitive position, and drive increased adoption of multiple applications by our customers. 
 Add new customers . We maintain direct sales and marketing capabilities to further grow our customer base. We also maintain indirect sales channels through alliances with strategic partners that can leverage our applications with their complementary services and technologies. In addition, we continue to expand the range of integrations between our software and third-party applications and platforms, which we believe make our applications more attractive to a broader audience of potential customers. 

Customers 
 We service customers ranging from large global corporations and various government agencies as well as small and medium-sized businesses. Our customers operate in a wide variety of industries, including financial services, consulting services, technology, manufacturing, media, telecommunications, government, political, non-profit, healthcare, life sciences, retail and hospitality. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 90 of our recurring revenue was generated from what we consider to be major accounts. We consider customers with contracted annual recurring revenue of 25,000 or more to be major accounts. 
 
 Sales 
 We sell primarily through a direct sales organization comprised of inside sales and field sales personnel. In addition to our direct sales organization, we have an indirect sales organization that sells to distributors and value-added resellers. We employ a land-and-expand go-to-market strategy. After we demonstrate the value of an initial application to a customer, our sales and account management teams work to expand the adoption of that initial application across the customer, and cross-sell additional applications to address other software needs of the customer. Our customer success organization supports our direct sales efforts by managing the post-sale customer lifecycle. 
 Our subscription agreements are typically sold either on a per-seat basis or on a minimum contracted volume basis with overage fees billed in arrears, depending on the application being sold. Contract terms typically range from one to three years and are prepaid annually in advance. 
 Marketing 
 Our marketing activities are designed to build awareness of the Upland brand and the solutions we offer, generate thought leadership, and create demand, resulting in leads and opportunities for our sales organizations. We focus a significant portion of our marketing activities on our existing customers to drive expansion and cross-sell opportunities. Our marketing programs target decision makers and influencers who participate in the buying cycles of various business functions inside large organizations including marketing, sales, contact centers, knowledge management, project management, information technology, business operations, human resources and legal. Our lead and demand generation programs include: 
 7 

use of our website to provide information about us and our software applications, as well as educational opportunities for potential customers; 
 field marketing events for customers and prospective customers; 
 participation in, and sponsorship of, executive events, trade shows, and industry events; 
 our online virtual user conferences; 
 integrated digital marketing campaigns, including email, online, blogs, and webinars; 
 public relations, analyst relations, and social media initiatives; and 
 sales representatives who respond to incoming leads to convert them into new sales opportunities. 
 Customer Success 
 Our customer success organization is structured to manage all aspects of our post-sale customer lifecycle. This organization consists of dedicated teams with a mission to drive adoption of our products, value realization, retention, and loyalty across our customer base. Our customer success organization has three core functional areas with strategic focus on customer relationship management: 
 Customer Success Management. Ou r CSM team partners with customers throughout their lifecycle with the Upland family of products to ensure the customer is getting the most out of their technology investment. CSMs are experts in matching use of Upland products to a customer s individual business context sometimes bringing in or coordinating across other teams and internal resources where necessary to achieve the customer s goals. 
 Professional Services. Our professional services team provides critical expertise in Upland s product areas throughout the customer journey. During implementation, this team is responsible for coordinating all activities relating to the implementation, transition, and on-boarding of new customers and assisting new customers with the addition of new products to their accounts. Typical implementation professional services engagements vary in length from a few weeks to several months depending on the size and scope of the engagement and are in addition to services provided under our standard customer agreement and are fee-based. Beyond implementation, this team also provides advisory and consulting services, integration services and configuration change services as a customer s business needs change over time. 
 Customer Support. Our customer support team is conveniently available through multiple channels to help our customers maximize the return on their investment in our technology. We also provide 24/7/365 coverage to help ensure our software products maintain global availability. In addition, our customer support team manages and administers the Upland customer community to provide an outstanding knowledge base and self-service experience. 
 Our customer success organization manages programs to reinforce the ongoing business value of our applications. These service offerings include: 
 Health checks and business reviews where we engage core users and business buyer sponsors to deliver a detailed scorecard and recommendations on driving product adoption and business value. 
 Consumption review and recommendations designed to deliver best practice recommendations for implementation strategy and a roadmap proposal for aligning the system with customers evolving process maturity to increase application usage. 
 Premier success plans that provide a bundled services, support, and product experience offering with two tiers (gold and platinum) designed to provide maximum customer value. 
 Executive outreach where we promote open communication between the Upland leadership team and our customer s key stakeholders, which is fully committed to making sure customers are delighted with their Upland experience, and customer executives. 
 
 Technology and Operations 
 Our cloud-based family of applications utilizes a multi-tenant architecture and our customers access our applications using a secure Internet connection through a standard web browser. Our applications are easy to deploy, highly configurable, scalable, flexible, and secure, and provide our customers with a modern and intuitive user experience. 
 8 

We have partnered with third-party hosting platforms to provide the hardware and infrastructure necessary to provide our services to our customers. Third-party hosting platform facilities provide 24/7/365 security, biometric access controls, redundant networking, power and environmental systems, and monitoring. Upland Software designs and operates the infrastructure architecture with fully redundant subsystems, highly available configurations, and defense in depth security zones. 
 Our applications are built on highly available and modular architectures that balance customer workloads across multiple servers. This allows us to provide a flexible method for scaling customers without impacting other parts of the architectural environment while maintaining the high levels of uptime our customers require. 
 Our family of applications offers high levels of security through logical data segregation of each customer s data from the data of other customers and through limiting access to our platform to only those individuals authorized by our customers. In addition, sensitive customer data is encrypted at rest and in transit over secure connections to redundant storage in a secondary location. 
 We maintain a formal and comprehensive security program designed to help preserve the security and integrity of customer data, protect against security threats or data breaches, and prevent unauthorized access to data. 
 
 Competition 
 The overall markets we serve are rapidly evolving and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, and frequent introductions of new applications. The intensity and nature of our competition varies significantly across our range of enterprise applications. We compete against larger enterprise software companies that provide a full suite o f Software as a Service, or SaaS, solutions focused on the functional areas we serve or the problems our cloud offerings address. We face competition both from point solution providers, including legacy on-premise enterprise systems, and other cloud-based software vendors that may address one or more of the functional elements of our applications. In addition, we face competition from manual processes and traditional tools, such as paper-based procedures, spreadsheets, and email. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 
 breadth and depth of application functionality; 
 ease of deployment and use of applications; 
 total cost of ownership; 
 levels of customer support satisfaction; 
 brand awareness and reputation; 
 capability for configuration, integration, scalability, and reliability of applications; 
 ability to innovate and respond to customer needs rapidly; and 
 level of integration among applications and with other enterprise systems. 
 We believe that we compete favorably on these factors. Our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on the strength of our applications, the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, the quality of our customer success organization, and our ability to acquire complementary technologies, products, and businesses to enhance the features and functionality of our applications. 
 
 Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights 
 We rely on a combination of trademark, copyright, trade secret, and patent laws in the United States and other jurisdictions as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. 

Seasonality 
 
 We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements. We sign a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, and renew agreements with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each calendar year, resulting in our cash flow from operations historically being higher in the first quarter of each calendar year than in other quarters. We expect this seasonality to continue, or possibly increase in the future. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock Certain of our operating results and financial metrics are difficult to predict as a result of seasonality . 
 9 

Regulation 
 
 We believe that our businesses and operations are in substantial compliance with all applicable government laws and regulations. Any additional measures to maintain compliance are not expected to materially affect our capital expenditures, competitive position, financial position or results of operations. Various legislative and administrative regulations applicable to us have become effective or are under consideration in many parts of the world. To date, such developments have not had a substantial adverse impact on our revenues, earnings or cash flows. However, if new or amended laws or regulations impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us or our business, our capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impact. Refer to Risk Factors for further information. 
 
 Human Capital 
 We believe that our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees is critical to our success. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,006 full time employees, with the majority of our employees located in the United States, Australia, Canada, India, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced a strike or similar work stoppage, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Human capital measures and objectives we focus on in managing its business include the following: 
 Recognition of Collaborative Problem Solvers. We have clearly defined company values that highlight the importance of collaboration, clear communication, and solving problems. We have annual awards that celebrate these values with both peer and management nominations at the business unit, function, and company-wide levels. 
 Employee Talent Acquisition and Retention. We have always supported a work anywhere philosophy that allows us to recruit and retain top talent throughout the world. Our team members have the flexibility to work remotely, in an office where available, or a hybrid of the two, according to their preferences. Our total compensation and benefits packages are market competitive. Additionally, we maintain a system for providing our personnel an opportunity to express grievances or concerns, which includes an anonymous whistleblower hotline. 
 Employee Engagement. We survey team members twice a year to gather feedback on key factors of employee experience, including work/life blend, social connection and learning and development. We have a formal Employee Resource Group program that fosters the formation of and provides support to employee-led groups dedicated to education and building community for team members with a shared characteristic or interest. 
 Development and Promotion of Leaders. Our high annual growth provides consistent promotion opportunities for our team members. We provide career ladders and development resources for all of our key functions. We provide leadership training for our managers.In addition, team members that join us through regular acquisitions have access to career development and promotion opportunities that would not have been available at their smaller companies. 
 Creating a Culture of Customer Value and Improvement. Delivering customer value is core to our mission. Our UplandOne operating processes focus on quantifying customer satisfaction through NPS surveys, maintaining customer-driven software roadmaps, and empowering our team members to leverage expert resources from across the company to drive business success for our customers. 
 
 Available Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in 2010. Our principal executive offices are located at 401 Congress Avenue, Suite 1850, Austin, TX 78701. Our main telephone number is (512) 960-1010. Our website address is www.uplandsoftware.com. Information on our website is not part of this report and should not be relied upon in determining whether to make an investment decision. The inclusion of our website address in this report does not include or incorporate by reference into this report any information on our website. 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended, are a vailable free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy, information statements, and other information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. 

10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as general economic and business risks, and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, together with any other documents we file with the SEC. Any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Among these important risks are the following: 
 We have made, and expect to continue to make, acquisitions as a primary component of our growth strategy. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms, or we may be unable to successfully integrate acquisitions, which could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation and our growth depends on our ability to retain existing customers and secure additional subscriptions and cross-sell opportunities from existing customers. 
 Failure to maintain and expand our sales organization may negatively impact our revenue growth. 
 We depend on our senior management team and the loss of one or more key personnel, or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel may impair our ability to grow our business. 
 Because we generally recognize revenue from our customers over the terms of their agreements, downturns or upturns in our business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation and our growth and long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our international sales and operations. 
 Our sales cycles can be lengthy and variable, which may cause changes in our operating results. 
 Perpetual license revenue is unpredictable, and a material increase or decrease in perpetual license revenue from period to period can produce substantial variation in the total revenue and earnings we recognize in a given period. 
 We may be forced to change the prices we charge for our applications or the pricing models upon which they are based. 
 Any disruption of service at the data centers that house our equipment and deliver our applications or with our hosting service provider could harm our business. 
 Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our solutions and services or cyberattacks on our networks could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success depends on our ability to adapt to technological change and continue to innovate. 
 If our applications contain serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance, and we may incur costs to defend or settle product-related claims. 
 If we fail to integrate our applications with other software applications and competitive or adjacent offerings that are developed by others, or fail to make our applications available on mobile and other handheld devices, our applications may become less marketable, less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results could be harmed. 
 Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our applications and subject us to possible litigation. 
 Certain of our operating results and financial metrics are difficult to predict as a result of seasonality. 
 We could incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights. 
 We could incur substantial costs in protecting our intellectual property from infringement, and any failure to protect our intellectual property could impair our business. 
 We rely on third-party software that is required for the development and deployment of our applications, which may be difficult to obtain or which could cause errors or failures of our applications. 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Mergers of, or other strategic transactions by, our competitors could weaken our competitive position or reduce our revenue. 
 11 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate in the future. As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of research analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 
 We may need financing in the future, and any additional financing may result in restrictions on our operations or substantial dilution to our stockholders. We may seek to renegotiate or refinance our loan facility, and we may be unable to do so on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Our loan facility contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict our business and financing activities. 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of foreign currencies could result in losses on currency transactions. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 We may be required to record charges to future earnings if our Goodwill or Intangible Assets become impaired. 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Unanticipated challenges by tax authorities could harm our future results. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or, in the future, should collect additional sales and use taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our operating results could be adversely affected by an increase in our effective tax rate as a result of U.S. and foreign tax law changes, outcomes of current or future tax examinations, or by material differences between our forecasted and actual effective tax rates. 
 Tax laws, regulations, and compliance practices are evolving and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 Taxing authorities could reallocate our taxable income among our subsidiaries, which could increase our consolidated tax liability. 
 New laws and increasing levels of regulation in the areas of privacy and protection of user data could harm our business. 
 Any failure to comply with governmental export and import control laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish, or cease publishing, research or reports about us, our business or our market, if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, or if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the price of our stock and trading volume could decline. 
 Because we do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, our investors may never receive a return on their investment. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our board of directors or management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement (as defined herein), we have issued shares of our Series A Preferred Stock that ranks senior to our common stock in priority of distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and has additional corporate governance rights. 
 The fundamental change redemption feature of our Series A Preferred Stock may make it more difficult for a party to take over our company or discourage a party from taking over our company. 
 An epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and measures intended to prevent the spread of such an event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Adverse economic conditions may reduce our customers ability to spend money on information technology or software, or our customers may otherwise choose to reduce their spending on information technology or software, which may adversely impact our business. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 12 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have made, and expect to continue to make, acquisitions as a primary component of our growth strategy. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms, or we may be unable to successfully integrate acquisitions, which could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 A primary component of our growth strategy has been to acquire complementary businesses to grow our company. We have completed 31 acquisitions in the 11 years ending December 31, 2022. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of complementary technologies, products, and businesses as a primary component of our growth strategy to enhance the features and functionality of our applications, expand our customer base, provide access to new markets, and increase benefits of scale. Acquisitions involve certain known and unknown risks that could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ from our expectations. Generally, our acquisition activity presents three areas of risk to our business, risks related to: identifying the correct candidates for acquisition, completing the acquisition of identified targets, and integrating acquired companies following closing of the acquisition. 
 Acquisition Candidate Identification 
 As we seek to find the best candidates for acquisition: 
 we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms; 
 we may pursue international acquisitions, which inherently pose more risks than domestic acquisitions; 
 we compete with others to acquire complementary products, technologies, and businesses, which may result in decreased availability of, or increased price for, suitable acquisition candidates; 
 we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing, on favorable terms, including as a result of rising interest rates, or at all, to finance any or all of our potential acquisitions; 
 we may ultimately fail to consummate an acquisition even if we announce that we plan to acquire a technology, product, or business; and 
 acquired technologies, products, or businesses may not perform as we expect, and we may fail to realize anticipated revenue and profits. 
 In addition, our acquisition strategy may divert management s attention away from our existing business, resulting in the loss of key customers or employees, and expose us to unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, including responsibility as a successor for undisclosed or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses or assets. 
 Consummation of Targeted Acquisitions 
 If we fail to adequately conduct due diligence on our potential targets effectively, we may not identify problems at target companies or fail to recognize incompatibilities or other obstacles to successful integration. Additionally, the consummation of acquisition transactions involves the coordination of multiple personnel within Upland and at the third party partners that assist our acquisition strategy. If we are unable to properly coordinate amongst these groups and individuals, our ability to effectively manage our acquisition activity may be compromised. 
 Further, in the course of acquiring companies, we may: 
 issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders ownership percentage; 
 use a substantial portion of our cash resources; 
 increase our interest expense, leverage, and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition; 
 assume liabilities for which we do not have indemnification from the former owners; further, indemnification obligations may be subject to dispute or concerns regarding the creditworthiness of the former owners; 
 record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing and potential impairment charges; 
 experience volatility in earnings due to changes in contingent consideration related to acquisition earnout liability estimates; 
 incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 
 lose existing or potential contracts as a result of conflict of interest issues; 
 become subject to adverse tax consequences or deferred compensation charges; 
 13 

incur large and immediate write-offs; or 
 become subject to litigation. 
 Integration of Acquired Companies 
 Our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of those acquisitions and could severely weaken our business operations. The integration process may disrupt our business and, if new technologies, products, or businesses are not implemented effectively, may preclude the realization of the full benefits expected by us and could harm our results or operations. In addition, the overall integration of new technologies, products, or businesses may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, and competitive responses. The difficulties of integrating an acquisition include, among other things: 
 issues in integrating the target company s technologies, products, or businesses with ours; 
 incompatibility of marketing and administration methods; 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees; 
 integrating the cultures of both companies; 
 preserving important strategic customer relationships; 
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations; and 
 coordinating and integrating geographically separate organizations. 
 In addition, even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings, or growth opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. 
 We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation and our growth depends on our ability to retain existing customers and secure additional subscriptions and cross-sell opportunities from existing customers. 
 In order to improve our operating results, it is important that our customers renew or upgrade their agreements with us when the applicable contract term expires, and also purchase additional applications from us. Typically contract terms are one to three years for subscription agreements. Upon expiration, customers can renew their existing subscriptions, upgrade their subscriptions to add more seats or additional minimum contracted volume, downgrade their subscriptions to fewer seats or lower minimum contracted volume, or not renew. A renewal constitutes renewing an existing contract for an application under the same terms, and an upgrade includes purchasing additional seats or volume under an existing contract. We may also cross-sell additional applications to existing customers. Our ability to grow revenue and achieve profitability depends, in part, on customer renewals, customer upgrades, and cross-sales to existing customers exceeding downgrades and non-renewals. However, we may not be able to increase our penetration within our existing customer base as anticipated, and we may not otherwise retain subscriptions from existing customers. 
 Failure to maintain and expand our sales organization may negatively impact our revenue growth. 
 We sell our applications primarily through a direct sales organization comprised of inside sales and field sales personnel. In addition, we have an indirect sales organization, which sells to distributors and value-added resellers. Growing sales to both new and existing customers is, in part, dependent on our ability to maintain and expand our sales force. Identifying, recruiting and training additional sales personnel requires significant time, expense, and attention. It can take several quarters or longer before our sales representatives are fully-trained and productive. Our business may be adversely affected if our efforts to expand and train our sales organization do not generate a corresponding increase in revenue. In particular, if we are unable to hire, develop, and retain sales personnel, or if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve expected sales productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or at all, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our business may be harmed. 
 We depend on our senior management team and the loss of one or more key personnel, or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel may impair our ability to grow our business. 
 Our success depends, in part, upon the continued service of our key executive officers, as well as other key personnel. The employment agreements with our executive officers and other key personnel do not require them to continue to work for us for any specified period; therefore, they may terminate employment with us at any time with no advance notice. The replacement of our senior management team or other key personnel likely would involve significant time and costs, and the loss of these employees may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 
 We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous technology and software companies. If we fail to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals, including software engineers and sales personnel, our ability to implement our 
 14 

business plan and develop and maintain our applications could be adversely affected. As a result, our ability to compete would decrease, our operating results would suffer, and our revenue would decrease. 
 Because we generally recognize revenue from our customers over the terms of their agreements, downturns or upturns in our business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 We recognize revenue from customer agreements over the terms of these agreements. As a result, a significant portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is generated from customer agreements entered into during previous periods, which is reflected as deferred revenue on our balance sheet. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed agreements, or a downgrade of renewed agreements to fewer seats or less minimum contracted volume, in any one quarter may not be fully reflected in our revenue in that quarter. Such a decline, however, will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our applications, and potential changes in our pricing policies or rates of renewals, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Similarly, it would be difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through new sales, renewals, and upgrades of existing customer agreements, or through additional cross-selling opportunities, in a given period due to the timing of revenue recognition inherent in our subscription model. 
 We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation and our growth and long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our international sales and operations. 
 
 As our operations have expanded, we have established and currently maintain offices in the United States, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Malaysia, Netherlands, Romania and the United Kingdom. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated approximately 30 of our total revenue from customers outside of the U.S. As a result, we are subject to a number of risks, including: 
 inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation; 
 foreign currency fluctuations and controls; 
 international and regional economic, political and labor conditions, including any instability or security concerns abroad, such as uncertainty caused by economic sanctions, trade disputes, armed conflicts and wars, including the Russia-Ukraine war; 
 tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements; 
 changes in laws governing the free flow of data across international borders; 
 failure of laws to protect our intellectual property rights adequately; 
 inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; 
 delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers; 
 the imposition of governmental economic sanctions on countries in which we do business or where we plan to expand our business; 
 costs and delays associated with developing products in multiple languages; 
 operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and 
 other factors beyond our control, such as terrorism, war, natural disasters, climate change and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting restrictions on business activity, which may vary significantly by region. 
 
 Some of our third-party business partners have international operations and are also subject to these risks, and our business may be harmed if such partners are unable to appropriately manage these risks. If sales to any of our customers outside of the Americas are reduced, delayed or canceled because of any of the above factors, our revenue may decline. 
 
 We have limited experience in operating in certain foreign jurisdictions and expect to continue to expand our relationship with international customers. Managing a global organization is difficult, time-consuming and expensive. Because of our limited experiences with international operations, any international efforts that we may undertake may not be successful in creating demand for our applications outside of the U.S. or in effectively selling subscriptions to our cloud offerings in all of the international markets that we enter. 

15 

Our sales cycles can be lengthy and variable, which may cause changes in our operating results. 
 Our sales cycle can vary substantially from customer to customer. A number of factors influence the length and variability of our sales cycles, including, for example: 
 the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our applications; 
 the duration of the commitment customers make in their agreements with us, which are typically one to three years; 
 the discretionary nature of potential customers purchasing and budget cycles and decisions; 
 the competitive nature of potential customers evaluation and purchasing processes; 
 the functionality demands of potential customers; 
 fluctuations in the software needs of potential customers; 
 the announcement or planned introduction of new products by us or our competitors; and 
 the purchasing approval processes of potential customers. 
 Our sales cycles can make it difficult to predict the quarter in which revenue from a new customer may first be recognized. We may incur significant sales and marketing expenses and invest significant time and effort in anticipation of a sale that may never occur or only occur in a smaller amount or at a later date than anticipated. Delays inherent to our sales cycles could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 
 Perpetual license revenue is unpredictable, and a material increase or decrease in perpetual license revenue from period to period can produce substantial variation in the total revenue and earnings we recognize in a given period. 
 Perpetual license revenue reflects the revenue recognized from sales of perpetual licenses relating to our workflow automation and enterprise content management applications to new customers and additional licenses for such applications to existing customers. We generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement at the time of delivery. Perpetual licenses of our workflow automation and enterprise content management applications are sold through third-party resellers, and as such, the timing of sales of perpetual licenses is difficult to predict with the timing of recognition of associated revenue unpredictable. A material increase or decrease in the sale of perpetual licenses from period to period could produce substantial variation in the revenue we recognize. Accordingly, comparing our perpetual license revenue on a period to period basis may not be a meaningful indicator of a trend or future results. 
 We may be forced to change the prices we charge for our applications or the pricing models upon which they are based. 
 As the markets for our applications mature, or as competitors introduce products or services that compete with ours, including bundling competing offerings with additional products or services, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing models as we have used historically. As a result, in the future we may be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, we may offer volume price discounts based on the number of seats purchased by a customer or the number of our applications purchased by a customer, which would effectively reduce the prices we charge for our applications. Also, we may be unable to renew existing customer agreements or enter into new customer agreements at the same prices or upon the same terms that we have historically, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 
 Any disruption of service at the data centers that house our equipment and deliver our applications or with our hosting service provider could harm our business. 
 Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customer is dependent upon the reliable performance of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunications failures, vendor limitations, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm these systems. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and may continue to disrupt the supply chain of hardware needed to maintain these third-party systems and services or to run our business. In addition, supply chain disruptions stemming from the Russia-Ukraine war may harm our customers and suppliers and further complicate existing supply chain constraints. Interruptions in these systems, or with the Internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver application data to our customers. Service interruptions, errors in our software, or the unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our applications to existing and potential customers. 
 Our servers and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions. We have implemented security protocols within our applications; however, we have no assurance that our systems are completely secure. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to disruptions to our service or unauthorized access to our applications. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a 
 16 

loss of customers and adversely affect our business and results of operation. 
 We primarily utilize communications and computer hardware systems operated by third-party Web hosting providers. In addition, we utilize third-party hosting services in connection with our business operations and have migrated most of our applications to third-party hosting platforms. Problems faced by us or our third-party hosting providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, could adversely impact the experience of our customers. 
 Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our solutions and services or cyberattacks on our networks could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our applications involve the storage and transmission of our customers proprietary and confidential information, including personal or identifying information regarding their employees and customers. Any security breaches, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus, or similar breach or disruption could result in loss of confidential information, damage to our reputation, early termination of our contracts, litigation, regulatory investigations, indemnity obligations, or other liabilities. If our security measures or those of our third-party software providers and data centers are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, resulting in unauthorized access to customer data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. Unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions, product or service vulnerabilities or cause shutdowns. These perpetrators of cyberattacks also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, malware and other malicious software programs that directly or indirectly attack our products, services or infrastructure (including our third party cloud service providers). Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any or all of these issues could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew or upgrade their subscriptions, result in reputational damage, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other action or liability, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, to the extent we are diverting our resources to address and mitigate these vulnerabilities, it may hinder our ability to deliver and support our solutions and customers in a timely manner. Despite our efforts to build secure services, we can make no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, timely and adequately address, or mitigate the negative effects of cyberattacks or other security breaches. 
 Our success depends on our ability to adapt to technological change and continue to innovate. 
 The overall market for software is rapidly evolving and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, and frequent introductions of new applications. Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers will depend, in large part, on our ability to develop or acquire new applications and enhance and improve existing applications. To achieve market acceptance for our applications, we must effectively anticipate and offer applications that meet changing customer demands in a timely manner. Customers may require features and capabilities not offered by our current applications. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent our development, acquisition, or implementation of new applications and enhancements. 
 If we are unable to successfully develop or acquire new software capabilities and functionality, enhance our existing applications to anticipate and meet customer preferences, sell our applications into new markets, or adapt to changing industry standards in software, our revenue and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 If our applications contain serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance, and we may incur costs to defend or settle product-related claims. 
 Complex software applications such as ours often contain errors or defects, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Our current and future applications may contain serious defects. 
 The costs incurred in correcting any material errors or defects might be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. Although our customer agreements typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to certain of the claims above, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitations. Even if not successful, a breach of warranty or other claim brought against us would likely be a distraction to management, time-consuming and costly to resolve, and could seriously damage our reputation in the marketplace, making it harder for us to sell our applications. Additionally, our errors and omissions insurance may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, and our policy may not cover all claims made against us. Further, defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. 
 If we fail to integrate our applications with other software applications and competitive or adjacent offerings that are developed by others, or fail to make our applications available on mobile and other handheld devices, our applications may become less marketable, less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results could be harmed. 
 17 

Our applications integrate with a variety of other software applications, and also with competing and adjacent third-party offerings. We need to continuously modify and enhance our platform to adapt to changes in cloud-enabled hardware, software, networking, browser and database technologies. Any failure of our applications to integrate effectively with other software applications and product offerings could reduce the demand for our applications or result in customer dissatisfaction and harm to our business. If we are unable to respond to changes in the applications and tools with which our applications integrate in a cost-effective manner, our applications may become less marketable, less competitive, or obsolete. Competitors may also impede our attempts to create integration between our applications and competitive offerings, which may decrease demand for our applications. In addition, an increasing number of individuals within organizations are utilizing devices other than personal computers, such as mobile phones, tablets and other handheld devices, to access the Internet and corporate resources and to conduct business. If we cannot effectively make our applications available on these devices, we may experience difficulty attracting and retaining customers. 
 Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our applications and subject us to possible litigation. 
 A portion of our applications incorporate open source software, and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in the future. Few of the licenses applicable to open source software have been interpreted by courts, and their application to the open source software integrated into our proprietary software may be uncertain. Moreover, we cannot provide any assurance that we have not incorporated additional open source software in our applications in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the license or our current policies and procedures. If we fail to comply with these licenses, we may be subject to certain requirements, including requirements that we offer our applications that incorporate the open source software for no cost, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software, and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of applicable open source licenses. If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of our applications that contained the open source software, and required to comply with the foregoing conditions, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of some of our applications. In addition, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their products. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming infringement due to the reliance by our applications on certain open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our applications. 
 Certain of our operating results and financial metrics are difficult to predict as a result of seasonality. 
 We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements. We sign a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, and renew agreements with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each calendar year as our customers tend to follow budgeting cycles at the end of the calendar year. Our cash flow from operations has historically been higher in the first quarter of each calendar year than in other quarters. This seasonality is reflected to a much lesser extent, and sometimes is not immediately apparent, in our revenue, due to the fact that we defer revenue recognition. In addition, seasonality may be difficult to observe in our financial results during periods in which we acquire businesses, as such results typically are most significantly impacted by such acquisitions. We expect this seasonality to continue, or possibly increase in the future, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results and financial metrics. If our quarterly operating results or outlook fall below the expectations of research analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 We could incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights. 
 In recent years, there has been significant litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in our industry. Companies providing software are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights, particularly patent rights, and to the extent we gain greater market visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. We do not have a significant patent portfolio, which could prevent us from deterring patent infringement claims through our own patent portfolio, and our competitors and others may now and in the future have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than we have. The risk of patent litigation has been amplified by the increase in the number of a type of patent holder, which we refer to as a non-practicing entity, whose sole business is to assert such claims and against whom our own intellectual property portfolio may provide little deterrent value. We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. If we sue to enforce our rights or are sued by a third-party that claims that our applications infringe its rights, the litigation could be expensive and could divert our management resources. Moreover, our acquisition strategy could expose us to additional risk of intellectual property litigation as we acquire new businesses with diverse software offerings and intellectual property assets. 
 18 

In addition, in most instances, we have agreed to indemnify our customers against claims that our applications infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Our business could be adversely affected by any significant disputes between us and our customers as to the applicability or scope of our indemnification obligations to them. Any intellectual property litigation to which we might become a party, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to do one or more of the following: 
 cease selling or using applications that incorporate the intellectual property that we allegedly infringe; 
 make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages; 
 obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to sell or use the relevant technology; or 
 redesign the allegedly infringing applications to avoid infringement, which could be costly, time-consuming or impossible. 
 If we are required to make substantial payments or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property infringement claims against us or any obligation to indemnify our customers for such claims, such payments or actions could harm our business. 
 We could incur substantial costs in protecting our intellectual property from infringement, and any failure to protect our intellectual property could impair our business. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We seek to protect the source code for our proprietary software and other proprietary technology and information under a combination of copyright, trade secrets, and patent law, and we seek to protect our brands through trademark law. Our policy is to enter into confidentiality agreements, or agreements with confidentiality provisions, with our employees, consultants, vendors, and customers, and to control access to our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized parties to copy our software or other proprietary technology or information, or to develop similar software independently. 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our applications or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our applications is difficult, and we are unable to determine the extent to which piracy of our software exists or will occur in the future. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management, result in a diversion of resources or the narrowing or invalidation of portions of our intellectual property, and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights or alleging that we infringe the counterclaimant s own intellectual property. These steps may be inadequate to protect our intellectual property. Third parties may challenge the validity or ownership of our intellectual property, and these challenges could cause us to lose our rights, in whole or in part, to such intellectual property or narrow its scope such that it no longer provides meaningful protection. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our applications may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions and foreign countries. Further, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. To the extent we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying, transfer, and use of our applications and proprietary technology or information may increase. 
 There can be no assurance that our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology. If we fail to meaningfully protect our intellectual property, our business, brands, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed. 
 We rely on third-party software that is required for the development and deployment of our applications, which may be difficult to obtain or which could cause errors or failures of our applications. 
 We rely on software licensed from or hosted by third parties to offer our applications. In addition, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to use intellectual property associated with the development of our applications, which might not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any software required for the development, maintenance, and delivery of our applications could result in delays in the provision of our applications until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. Any errors or defects in third-party software could result in errors or a failure of our applications, which could harm our 
 19 

business. 
 Market Risks 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The overall market for software is rapidly evolving and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new applications. The intensity and nature of our competition varies significantly across our family of software applications. Many of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater brand name recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets, and significantly greater resources than we do. Some of our smaller competitors may offer applications on a stand-alone basis at a lower price than our price due to lower overhead or other factors, while some of our larger competitors may offer applications at a lower price in an attempt to cross-sell additional products in the future or retain a customer using a different application. 
 We believe there are a limited number of direct competitors that provide a comprehensive software offering. However, we face competition both from point solution providers, including legacy on-premise enterprise systems, and other cloud-based work management software vendors that may address one or more of the functional elements of our applications, but are not designed to address a broad range of software needs. In addition, we face competition from manual processes and traditional tools, such as paper-based techniques, spreadsheets, and email. 
 If our competitors products, service, or technologies become more accepted than our software applications, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, or if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 Mergers of, or other strategic transactions by, our competitors could weaken our competitive position or reduce our revenue. 
 If one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. In order to take advantage of customer demand for cloud-based software applications, vendors of legacy systems are expanding their cloud-based software applications through acquisitions and internal development. A potential result of such expansion is that certain of our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources and the ability to further invest in product improvements and initiate or withstand substantial price competition. Our competitors also may establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future value-added resellers, third-party consulting firms or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to promote our applications. Disruptions in our business caused by these events could reduce our revenue. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate in the future. As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of research analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. If our quarterly operating results or outlook fall below the expectations of research analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 Financial Risks 
 We may need financing in the future, and any additional financing may result in restrictions on our operations or substantial dilution to our stockholders. We may seek to renegotiate or refinance our loan facility, and we may be unable to do so on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings, cash from operations, and cash available under our loan facility. We may need to raise funds in the future, for example, to expand our business, acquire complementary businesses, develop new technologies, respond to competitive pressures, or react to unanticipated situations. We may try to raise additional funds through public or private financings, strategic relationships, or other arrangements. Our ability to obtain debt or equity funding will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, and investor interest. In addition, under the terms of our Series A Preferred Stock, holders of our Series A Preferred Stock have certain approval rights over additional financings. Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to reduce expenditures, including curtailing our growth strategies, reducing our product-development efforts, or foregoing acquisitions. If we succeed in raising additional 
 20 

funds through the issuance of equity or convertible securities, it could result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these new securities would have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. In addition, any debt financing obtained by us in the future or issuance of preferred stock could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. For example, our Series A Preferred Stock contains a number of restrictive covenants. See " Risks Related to Our Common Stock . Additionally, we may need to renegotiate the terms of our loan facility, and our lender may be unwilling to do so, or may agree to such changes subject to additional restrictive covenants on our operations and ability to raise capital. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 
 During the course of 2022, central banks across the globe raised benchmark interest rates to combat inflation and interest rate increases are expected to continue during the course of 2023. As rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, could correspondingly decrease. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of our outstanding debt under our Credit Facility (as defined herein) was variable rate debt. We have entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements in order to eliminate interest rate volatility in connection with the outstanding term debt portion of our Credit Facility, but our 60.0 million Revolver (as defined herein), which remains undrawn, is not currently subject to any interest rate instruments. As of December 31, 2022, we have executed interest rate swaps to effectively convert the entire balance of the Company s 540.0 million original principal term loans from variable interest payments to fixed interest rate payments, based on an annualized fixed rate of 5.4 , for the 7 year term of the term loans maturing in August 2026. 
 
 Our loan facility contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict our business and financing activities. 
 Our Credit Facility is comprised of 540.0 million in original principal term loans and a 60.0 million revolving credit facility. 
 
 Our obligations under the loan facility are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets and assets of the co-borrowers and of any guarantors, including intellectual property. The terms of the credit facility limit, among other things, our ability to 
 Incur additional indebtedness or guarantee indebtedness of others; 
 Create liens on their assets; 
 Make investments, including certain acquisitions; 
 Enter into mergers or consolidations; 
 Dispose of assets; 
 Pay dividends and make other distributions on the Company s capital stock, and redeem and repurchase the Company s capital stock; 
 Enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 Prepay indebtedness or make changes to certain agreements. 
 Furthermore, the loan facility requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with certain financial covenants if greater than 35 of revolving credit facility is drawn. The operating and other restrictions and covenants in the loan facility, and in any future financing arrangements that we may enter into, may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in certain business activities, or expand or fully pursue our business strategies, or otherwise limit our discretion to manage our business. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to meet those restrictions and covenants. A breach of any of the restrictions and covenants could result in a default under the loan facility or any future financing arrangements, which could cause any outstanding indebtedness under the loan facility or under any future financing arrangements to become immediately due and payable, and result in the termination of commitments to extend further credit. 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of foreign currencies could result in losses on currency transactions. 
 Our customers are generally invoiced in the currency of the country in which they are located. In addition, we incur a portion of our operating expenses in foreign currencies, including Australian dollars, British pounds, Canadian dollars, Indian 
 21 

Rupees, Euros and Israeli New Shekels, and in the future, as we expand into other foreign countries, we expect to incur operating expenses in other foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results of our international operations and our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. We have not previously engaged in foreign currency hedging. If we decide to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate exposure, we may not be able to hedge effectively due to lack of experience, unreasonable costs, or illiquid markets. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and that our independent registered public accounting firm issue an attestation report annually regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting in the past and if we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis, and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We may need additional finance and accounting personnel with certain skill sets to assist us with the reporting requirements we will encounter as a public company and to support our anticipated growth. In addition, implementing internal controls may distract our officers and employees, entail substantial costs to modify our existing processes, and take significant time to complete. 
 If we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports; the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected; and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 357.8 million consisting of 301.6 million and 56.1 million related to the U.S. federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had research and development credit carryforwards of approximately 4.1 million. The U.S. federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards will expire beginning in 2023, if not utilized. The annual limitation will result in the expiration of approximately 155.0 million of U.S. federal net operating losses and 4.1 million of credit carryforwards before utilization. 50.3 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards carry forward indefinitely, and the remainder will expire beginning in 2041. 
 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules apply under state tax laws. Based on analysis of acquired net operating losses and credits, utilization of our net operating losses and research and development credits will be subject to annual limitations. The annual limitation will result in the expiration of 155.0 million of federal net operating losses and 4.1 million of research and development credit carryforwards before utilization. In the event that it is determined that we have in the past experienced additional ownership changes, or if we experience one or more ownership changes as a result of future transactions in our stock, then we may be further limited in our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets to reduce taxes owed on the net taxable income that we earn. Any such limitations on the ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We may be required to record charges to future earnings if our Goodwill or Intangible Assets become impaired. 
 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP require us to assess Goodwill for impairment at least annually. In addition, we assess our Goodwill and Intangible Assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Depending on the results of our review, we could be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets were determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. See Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our fourth quarter 2022 Goodwill impairment. 
 
 22 

We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Unanticipated challenges by tax authorities could harm our future results. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We may be subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions throughout the world, many of which have not established clear guidance on the tax treatment of cloud-based companies. The application of tax laws in such jurisdictions may be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities in these jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or, in the future, should collect additional sales and use taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We have not historically filed sales and use tax returns or collected sales and use taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. While operations of these jurisdictions are managed based on our interpretation of local regulations, a change in regulations or interpretations of legislation may result in an obligation that we are not aware of. Taxing authorities may seek to impose such taxes on us, including for past sales, which could result in penalties and interest. Any such tax assessments may adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 Our operating results could be adversely affected by an increase in our effective tax rate as a result of U.S. and foreign tax law changes, outcomes of current or future tax examinations, or by material differences between our forecasted and actual effective tax rates. 
 Our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the United States and in multiple foreign jurisdictions, with a significant amount of our foreign earnings generated by our subsidiaries organized in Australia, Canada, Ireland and the United Kingdom. Any significant change in our future effective tax rates could adversely impact our results of operations for future periods. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the following: 
 changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws as applied to our business and corporate structure in the United States, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Romania and the United Kingdom, or other international locations where we have operations; 
 earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we are taxed at lower rates as compared to the United States federal and state statutory tax rates; 
 an increase in expenses not deductible for tax purposes; 
 changes in tax benefits from stock-based compensation; 
 changes in the valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets; 
 changes in judgment from the evaluation of new information that results in a recognition, derecognition or change in measurement of a tax position taken in a prior period; 
 increases to interest or penalty expenses classified in the financial statements as income taxes; 
 new accounting standards or interpretations of such standards; or 
 results of examinations by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), state, and foreign tax or other governmental authorities. 
 The IRS and other tax authorities regularly examine our income tax returns and other non-income tax returns, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth or franchise, property, goods and services, consumption, import, stamp, and excise taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. The calculation of our provision for income taxes and our accruals for other 
 23 

taxes requires us to use significant judgment and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations. In determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, we regularly assess the potential settlement outcomes resulting from income tax examinations. However, the final outcome of tax examinations, including the total amount payable or the timing of any such payments upon resolution of these issues, cannot be estimated with certainty. In addition, we cannot be certain that such amount will not be materially different from the amount that is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals for other taxes. Should the IRS or other tax authorities assess additional taxes, penalties or interest as a result of a current or a future examination, we may be required to record charges to operations in future periods that could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows in the applicable period or periods. 
 Forecasts of our annual effective tax rate are complex and subject to uncertainty because our income tax position for each year combines the effects of estimating our annual income or loss, the mix of profits and losses earned by us and our subsidiaries in tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates, as well as benefits from available deferred tax assets, the impact of various accounting rules, our interpretations of changes in tax laws and results of tax audits. Forecasts of our annual effective tax rate do not include the anticipation of future tax law changes. In addition, we report for certain tax benefits from stock-based compensation in the period the stock compensation vests or is settled, which may cause increased variability in our quarterly effective tax rates. If there were a material difference between forecasted and actual tax rates, it could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 Tax laws, regulations, and compliance practices are evolving and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act was enacted in December 2017 and significantly affected U.S. tax law by changing how the United States imposes income tax on multinational corporations. The U.S. Department of Treasury has broad authority to issue regulations and interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we will apply the law and impact our results of operations. As additional interpretative guidance is issued by the applicable authorities, we may need to revise our provision (benefit) for income taxes in future periods. These revisions could materially affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial position. 
 Further, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was enacted in August 2022, which contained provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases by public corporations, both of which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. While we do not anticipate these changes to be significant, these revisions could materially affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial position. 
 
 Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions are evolving and may be subject to significant changes due to economic, political and other conditions. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. Governments are increasingly focused on ways to increase tax revenues, particularly from multinational corporations, which may lead to an increase in audit activity and harsher positions taken by tax authorities. We are currently subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions and these jurisdictions may assess additional tax liabilities against us. 
 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), an international association of countries, including the United States, released the final reports from its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting BEPS Action Plans, which aim to standardize and modernize global tax policies. The BEPS Action Plans propose revisions to numerous tax rules, including country-by-country reporting, permanent establishment, hybrid entities and instruments, transfer pricing, and tax treaties. The BEPS Action Plans have been or are being enacted by countries where we have operations. The European Commission EC has conducted investigations in multiple countries focusing on whether local country tax rulings provide preferential tax treatment that violates European Union state aid rules and concluded that certain countries, including Ireland, have provided illegal state aid in certain cases. The EC and OECD have also been evaluating new rules on the taxation of the digital economy to provide greater taxing rights to jurisdictions where customers or users are located and to address additional base erosion and profits shifting issues. In addition, many countries have recently introduced new laws or proposals to tax digital transactions. These developments in tax laws and regulations, and compliance with these rules, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 Taxing authorities could reallocate our taxable income among our subsidiaries, which could increase our consolidated tax liability. 
 We conduct integrated operations internationally through subsidiaries in various tax jurisdictions pursuant to transfer pricing arrangements between our subsidiaries and between our subsidiaries and us. If two or more affiliated companies are located 
 24 

in different countries, the tax laws or regulations of each country generally require that transfer prices be the same as those between unrelated companies dealing at arms length and that contemporaneous documentation is maintained to support the transfer prices. While we believe that we operate in compliance with applicable transfer pricing laws and intend to continue to do so, our transfer pricing procedures are not binding on applicable tax authorities. If tax authorities in any of these countries were to successfully challenge our transfer prices as not reflecting arms length transactions, they could require us to adjust our transfer prices and thereby reallocate our income to reflect these revised transfer prices, which could result in a higher tax liability to us. Such reallocations may subject us to interest and penalties that would increase our consolidated tax liability, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 New laws and increasing levels of regulation in the areas of privacy and protection of user data could harm our business 
 
 The regulatory framework for privacy and data security matters around the world is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain volatile for the foreseeable future. We are subject to privacy and data security obligations in the United States, United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, transfer and other handling of personal data about individuals, including our users and employees around the world. Data protection and privacy laws may differ, conflict and be interpreted and applied inconsistently, from country to country. In many cases, these laws apply not only to user data, employee data and third-party transactions, but also to transfers of personal data between or among ourselves, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relations. These laws continue to develop in the U.S. and around the globe, including through regulatory and legislative action and judicial decisions, in ways we cannot predict and that may harm our business. For example, a new Quebec data protection law will take effect in September 2023, and updates to Canadian federal privacy legislation are pending. India is also expected to pass a new law in 2023. 
 
 Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or contractual obligations may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are subject to an investigation or litigation or suffer a breach of security of personal data, we may incur costs or be subject to forfeitures and penalties that could reduce our profitability. In addition, compliance with these laws may restrict our ability to provide services to our customers that they may find to be valuable. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR became effective in May 2018. The GDPR, which applies to personal data collected in the context of all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the European Union, related to products and services offered to individuals in the European Union or related to the monitoring of individuals behavior in Europe, imposes a range of significant compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. Actions required to comply with these obligations depend in part on how particular and strict regulators interpret and apply them. If we fail to comply with the GDPR, or if regulators assert we have failed to comply with the GDPR, we may be subject to, for example, regulatory enforcement actions, that can result in monetary penalties of up to 4 of our annual worldwide revenue or EUR 20 million (whichever higher), private lawsuits, class actions, regulatory orders to stop processing and delete data, and reputational damage. In June 2021, the European Commission published new versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses, which are used as a legal cross-border mechanism allowing companies to transfer/allow access to personal data outside the European Economic Area. Use of the previous versions of the Standard Contractual Clauses is no longer allowed and all contracts that include the earlier versions should have been amended to replace them with the new versions by December 27, 2022. Also in June 2021, the European Data Protection Board finalized its recommendations regarding supplemental transfer measures to protect personal data during cross-border transfers. We must incur costs and expenses to comply with the new requirements, which may impact the cross-border transfer of personal data throughout our organization and to/from third parties. 
 
 In the United States, several states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, have adopted generally applicable and comprehensive privacy laws. These new and developing state laws provide a number of new privacy rights for residents of these states and impose corresponding obligations on organizations doing business in these states. Not only do these laws require that we make new disclosures to consumers, business contacts, employees, job applicants and others about our data collection, use and sharing practices, but they also require that we provide new rights, such as the rights to access, delete and correct personal data. While the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA became effective in 2020, it has already been amended significantly, and compliance with the amended law, the California Privacy Protection Act (the CPRA was required as of January 2023. Compliance with the other states laws will be required at different times during 2023. In addition, a number of other U.S. states are considering adopting laws and regulations imposing obligations regarding the handling of personal data. Compliance with the GDPR, the new state laws, and other current and future applicable U.S. and international privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and other data-related laws can be costly and time-consuming. Complying with these varying requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs and/or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. Violations of data and privacy-related laws can result in significant penalties. 
 
 25 

Australia recently amended its Privacy Act, increasing the maximum penalties available for serious or repeated data breaches from AUS 2.2 million to the greater of: (i) AUS 50 million; (ii) three times the value of any benefit obtained through misuse of the information; or (iii) 30 of a company s adjusted turnover in the relevant period. 
 
 We also may be bound by additional, more stringent contractual obligations relating to our collection, use and disclosure of personal data or may find it necessary or desirable to join industry or other self-regulatory bodies or other privacy or security related organizations that require compliance with their rules pertaining to privacy and data protection. 
 
 We post on our websites our privacy notices and practices concerning the collection, use, sharing, disclosure, deletion and retention of our user data. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy notices or with any regulatory requirements or orders or other federal, state or international privacy -related laws and regulations, including the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA, could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others (e.g., class action plaintiffs), subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase our costs and adversely affect our business. We may also experience security breaches and likely will in the future, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws and give rise to regulatory enforcement and/or private litigation. 
 Any failure to comply with governmental export and import control laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our applications are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. Exports of our applications must be made in compliance with these laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including: the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, for a particular sale may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. In addition, changes in our applications or changes in applicable export or import regulations may create delays in the introduction and sale of our applications in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our applications, or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our applications to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could also result in decreased use of our applications, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our applications to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our applications or limitation on our ability to export or sell our applications would likely adversely affect our business. 
 Furthermore, we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our applications. Various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including through import permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our applications or could limit our customers ability to implement our applications in those countries. Encrypted applications and the underlying technology may also be subject to export control restrictions. Governmental regulation of encryption technology and regulation of imports or exports of encryption products, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our applications, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our applications, including with respect to new releases of our applications, may create delays in the introduction of our applications in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our applications throughout their globally-distributed systems or, in some cases, prevent the export of our applications to some countries altogether. 
 Moreover, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions programs prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons that are subject to U.S. economic embargoes and trade sanctions. Even though we take precautions to prevent our applications from being shipped or provided to U.S. sanctions targets, our applications and services could be shipped to those targets or provided by third parties despite such precautions. Any such shipment could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 26 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish, or cease publishing, research or reports about us, our business or our market, if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, or if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the price of our stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If few analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price of our stock would likely decrease if one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluation of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. Furthermore, if our operating results fail to meet analysts expectations our stock price would likely decline. 
 Because we do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, our investors may never receive a return on their investment. 
 We do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends is currently limited by the terms of our existing Credit Facility (as defined herein), which prohibits our payment of dividends on our capital stock without prior consent, and any future credit facility may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our board of directors or management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended and restated, will contain provisions that may depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our common stock. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our board of directors or our management. These provisions include the following: 
 our certificate of incorporation provides for a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms so that not all members of our board of directors are elected at one time; 
 directors may be removed by stockholders only for cause; 
 our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our Chief Executive Officer, our board of directors or holders of not less than the majority of our issued and outstanding capital stock limiting the ability of minority stockholders to take certain actions without an annual meeting of stockholders; 
 our stockholders may not act by written consent unless the action to be effected and the taking of such action by written consent are approved in advance by our board of directors and, as a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would generally not be able to take certain actions without holding a stockholders meeting; 
 our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 stockholders must provide timely notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at an annual meeting of stockholders and, as a result, these provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us; and 
 our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock, making it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us. 
 27 

Any provision of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. The existence of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement (as defined herein), we have issued shares of our Series A Preferred Stock that ranks senior to our common stock in priority of distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and has additional corporate governance rights. 
 On July 14, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Ulysses Aggregator, LP (the Purchaser ), an affiliate of HGGC, LLC, to issue and sell at closing 115,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, at a price of 1,000 per share (the Initial Liquidation Preference for an aggregate purchase price of 115.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 115,000 shares of newly designated Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends payable quarterly in arrears, which may be paid, at our option, in cash or by increasing the Liquidation Preference (as defined below) of each share of Series A Preferred Stock by the amount of the applicable dividend. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders will be entitled to dividends (i) at the rate of 4.5 per annum until but excluding the seven year anniversary of the Closing, and (ii) at the rate of 7 per annum on and after the seven year anniversary of the Closing. Our ability to pay cash dividends is subject to the restrictions under our existing credit agreement. The Series A Preferred Stock has no mandatory conversion feature and is a perpetual security. Although we have the ability to redeem the shares of Series A Preferred Stock beginning on the date that is seven years from the Closing date, we may be unable to do so at that time, and we will be forced to pay the higher dividend rate of 7 per annum until the time that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock convert their shares into shares of common stock or we obtain sufficient capital to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on parity with any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, junior to any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and junior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness. Further, upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our Series A Preferred Stock will receive a distribution of our available assets before common stockholders in an amount equal to (i) the Initial Liquidation Preference, plus (ii) any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share of Series A Preferred Stock to, but excluding, the date of payment of such amounts (the Liquidation Preference ). 
 
 The holders of Series A Preferred Stock generally are entitled to vote with the holders of our common stock on all matters submitted for a vote of holders of our common stock (voting together with the holders of our common stock as one class) on an as-converted basis. In addition, so long as the Purchaser and its affiliates beneficially own in the aggregate at least 5 of the shares of our common stock on a fully diluted basis including the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, are entitled to nominate and elect one individual to serve on our board of directors. In addition, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, will have the right to elect, for so long as the Purchaser and its affiliates own in the aggregate at least 10 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or common stock into which it is convertible) outstanding as of the Closing, one non-voting observer to our board of directors. Such governance rights may grant the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock additional control rights, which may impact our ability to run our business, and may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Upon issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of our common stock will experience dilution of both economic and voting rights, and, because we may pay dividends in kind by increasing the liquidation value of each share of Series A Preferred Stock, holders of common stock will be further diluted at each regular dividend payment date. 
 The fundamental change redemption feature of our Series A Preferred Stock may make it more difficult for a party to take over our company or discourage a party from taking over our company. 
 28 

Upon a Fundamental Change (involving a change of control as further described in the certificate of designation governing our Series A Preferred Stock), each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to require us to redeem all or any part of the holder s Series A Preferred Stock for an amount equal to greater of (i) the sum of 105 of the Liquidation Preference and a customary make-whole amount, and (ii) the amount that such Holder would have received had such Holder, immediately prior to such Fundamental Change, converted the Holder s Series A Preferred Stock into common stock, without regard to the Issuance Limitation. The mandatory redemption option conferred to holders of our Series A Preferred Stock upon certain events constituting a Fundamental Change (involving a change of control) under the Series A Preferred Stock, may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for our company or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain change of control transactions of our company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. 
 
 General Risks 
 An epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and measures intended to prevent the spread of such an event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We face risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has impacted, and in the future could impact, the markets in which we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The impact of an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and measures to prevent the spread of such an event could materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways. For example, existing and potential customers may choose to reduce or delay technology spending in response, or attempt to renegotiate contracts and obtain concessions, which could materially and negatively impact our operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Adverse economic conditions may reduce our customers ability to spend money on information technology or software, or our customers may otherwise choose to reduce their spending on information technology or software, which may adversely impact our business. 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and software spend and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. If worldwide economic conditions become unstable, including as a result of protectionism and nationalism, other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, rising interest rates, a U.S. government default on its obligations or a recession, and other events beyond our control, such as economic sanctions, natural disasters, results of global epidemics, pandemics, or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19, political instability, and armed conflicts and wars, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, then our existing customers and prospective customers may re-evaluate their decision to purchase our applications. Weak global economic conditions or a reduction in information technology or software spending by our customers could harm our business in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles and lower prices for our applications. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 
 actual or anticipated changes in the estimates of our operating results that we provide to the public, our failure to meet these projections or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall equity markets from time to time; 
 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of comparable companies; 
 changes in the market perception of software generally or in the effectiveness of our applications in particular; 
 disruptions in our services due to computer hardware, software or network problems; 
 announcements of technological innovations, new products, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; 
 announcements of new customer agreements or upgrades and customer downgrades or cancellations or delays in customer purchases; 
 litigation involving us; 
 our ability to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions; 
 29 

investors general perception of us; 
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; and 
 general economic, legal, industry and market conditions and trends, including those related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, unrelated to our performance. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources from our business and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal corporate offices are located in Austin, Texas, where we occupy approximately 9,900 square feet of space under a lease that expires in June 2025. We also lease office facilities domestically, some of which we sublease, located in Massachusetts, Nebraska, North Carolina, Ohio, Texas and Washington. Internationally, we lease office space in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Malaysia, Netherlands, Romania and the United Kingdom. We believe that our properties are generally suitable to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would, individually or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol UPLD . 
 As of February 21, 2023, the last reported sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was 8.52 and there were 29 stockholders of record of our common stock, including Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., which holds shares of our common stock on behalf of an indeterminable number of beneficial owners. 
 We have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings will be used for the operation and growth of our business. Any future determination to declare cash dividends would be subject to the discretion of our board of directors and would depend upon various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity requirements, restrictions that may be imposed by applicable law and our contracts, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. In addition, the terms of our loan facility currently restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 Performance Graph 
 Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our filings with the SEC, the following information shall not be deemed filed with the SEC or soliciting material under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 The following graph compares the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock with the total cumulative return of the Nasdaq Computer Technology Index (the Computer Technology Index and the S P 500 Composite Index during the period commen cing on December 29, 2017 and ending on December 30, 2022. The graph assumes a 100 investment at the beginning of the period in our common stock, the stocks represented in the S P 500 Composite Index and the stocks represented in Computer Technology Index, and reinvestment of any dividends. The Computer Technology Index is designed to represent a cross section of widely-held U.S. corporations involved in various phases of the computer industry. The Computer Technology Index is market-value (capitalization) weighted, based on the aggregate market value of its 27 component stocks. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance. 
 
 31 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

32 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes theret o included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 This section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, may, will, continue, seek, estimate, intend, hope, predict, could, should, would, project, plan, expect or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the subsection entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors above, which are incorporated herein by reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 24 , 2022. All information presented herein is based on our fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, references in this report to particular years or quarters refer to our fiscal years ended December 31 and the associated quarters of those fiscal years. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 
 
 Overview 
 We service customers ranging from large global corporations and government agencies to small- and medium-sized businesses. We have more than 10,000 customers with over 1,000,000 users across a broad range of industries, including financial services, consulting services, technology, manufacturing, media, telecommunications, government, political, non-profit, healthcare, life sciences, retail and hospitality. 
 
 Through a series of acquisitions and integrations, we have established a diverse family of software applications under the Upland brand and in the product solution categories listed above, each of which addresses a specific software needs. Our revenue has grown from 149.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2018 to 317.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a compound annual growth rate of 21 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, domestic revenue as a percent of total revenue decreased to 70 compared to 71 in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Our operating results in a given period can fluctuate based on the mix of subscription and support, perpetual license and professional services revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our subscription and support revenue represented 94 , 95 and 95 of our total revenue, respectively. Historically, we have sold certain of our applications under perpetual licenses, which also are paid in advance. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our perpetual license revenue accounted for 2 , 1 and 1 of our total revenue, respectively. The support agreements related to our perpetual licenses are one-year in duration and entitle the customer to support and unspecified upgrades. The revenue related to such support agreements is included as part of our subscription and support revenue. Professional services revenue consists of fees related to implementation, data extraction, integration and configuration and training on our applications. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our professional services revenue accounted for 4 of our total revenue . 
 To support continued growth, we intend to pursue acquisitions of complementary technologies, products and businesses. This will expand our product families, customer base and market access, resulting in increased benefits of scale. We will prioritize acquisitions within our current enterprise solution categories as described in Item 1. Business herein. Consistent with our growth strategy, we have completed a total of 31 acquisitions in the 11 years ending December 31, 2022. 
 33 

Acquisitions completed during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include the following: 
 Acquisitions 
 2022 Acquisitions 
 BA Insight - On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of BA Insight Inc., BA Insight ), a cloud-based enterprise knowledge management solution. Revenues recorded since the acquisition date through December 31, 2022 were approximately 7.6 million. 
 Objectif Lune - On January 7, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Objectif Lune Inc., a Quebec proprietary company Objectif Lune ), a cloud-based document workflow product. Revenues recorded since the acquisition date through December 31, 2022 were approximately 20.9 million. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Panviva - On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Panviva Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary company Panviva ), a cloud-based enterprise knowledge management solution. 
 BlueVenn - On February 28, 2021 the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of BlueVenn Group Limited, a company limited by shares organized and existing under the laws of England and Wales BlueVenn ), a cloud-based customer data platform. 
 Second Street - On January 19, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Second Street Media, Inc., a Missouri corporation Second Street ), an audience engagement platform. 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 Localytics - On February 6, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Char Software, Inc (dba Localytics), a Delaware corporation Localytics ), a provider of mobile app personalization and analytics solutions. 
 Sunset Assets 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, in connection with the periodic review of its business, the Company decided to sunset certain non-strategic product offerings and customer contracts (collectively referred to as Sunset Assets ). Refer to Adjusted Operating Measures detail located in this section for further breakdown for adjusted amounts. 
 
 34 

Components of Operating Results 
 Revenue 
 Subscription and support revenue . We derive our subscription revenue from fees paid to us by our customers for use of our cloud-based applications. We recognize the revenue associated with subscription agreements ratably over the term of the agreement as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of the cloud services through the contract period. Our subscription agreements typically have terms of one to three years. 
 Our support revenue consists of maintenance fees associated with our perpetual licenses and hosting fees paid to us by our customers. Typically, when purchasing a perpetual license, a customer also purchases maintenance for which we charge a fee, priced as a percentage of the perpetual license fee. Maintenance agreements include the right to support and unspecified upgrades. We recognize the revenue associated with maintenance ratably over the term of the contract. In limited instances, at the customer s option, we may host the software purchased by a customer under a perpetual license on systems at our third-party data centers. 
 Perpetual license revenue . Perpetual license revenue reflects the revenue recognized from sales of perpetual licenses to new customers and additional perpetual licenses to existing customers. We generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement up-front at a point in time when the software is made available to the customer. 
 Professional services revenue . Professional services revenue consists of fees related to implementation, data extraction, integration and configuration and training on our applications. We generally recognize the revenue associated with these professional services over time as services are performed. Revenues for fixed price services are generally recognized over time applying input methods to estimate progress to completion. Revenues for consumption-based services are generally recognized as the services are performed. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of product revenue . Cost of product revenue consists primarily of hosting costs, personnel related costs of our customer success and cloud operations teams, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation, and allocated overhead, as well as software license fees, internet connectivity, depreciation expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets, specifically developed technology, as a result of business combination purchase accounting adjustments and pass-through costs directly related to delivering our applications. We expect that cost of revenues may increase in the future depending on the growth rate of our new customers and billings and our need to support the implementation, hosting and support of those new customers. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in expanding the delivery capability of our applications. As we add hosting infrastructure capacity and support personnel in advance of anticipated growth, our cost of product revenue will increase, and if such anticipated revenue growth does not occur, our product gross profit will be adversely affected both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of total revenues in any particular quarterly or annual period. Our cost of product revenue is generally expensed as the costs are incurred. Developed technology is valued using a cost-to-recreate approach and is generally amortized over a four- to nine-year period. 
 Cost of professional services revenue . Cost of professional services revenue consists primarily of personnel related costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation and allocated overhead, as well as the costs of contracted third-party vendors and reimbursable expenses. As most of our personnel are employed on a full-time basis, our cost of professional services revenue is largely fixed in the short-term, while our professional services revenue may fluctuate, leading to fluctuations in professional services gross profit. We expect that cost of professional services as a percentage of total revenues could fluctuate from period to period depending on the growth of our professional services business, the timing of sales of applications, and any associated costs relating to the delivery of services. Our cost of professional services revenue is generally expensed as costs are incurred. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses are classified into six categories: sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative, depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses and impairment of goodwill. For each category, other than depreciation and amortization and impairment of goodwill, the largest expense component is primarily personnel related costs, which includes salaries, employee benefit costs, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, and payroll taxes. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs for facilities, which are allocated to each department based on relative department headcount. Operating expenses are generally recognized as incurred. 
 35 

Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel related costs for our sales and marketing staff, including salaries, benefits, deferred commission amortization, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation and allocated overhead, as well as costs of promotional events, corporate communications, online marketing, product marketing and other brand-building activities. Sales commissions earned by our sales force, and related payroll taxes, are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Deferred commissions and other costs for a particular customer agreement for initial contracts are amortized over the expected life of the customer relationships while deferred commissions related to contract renewals are amortized over average renewal term. Sales commissions, and related payroll taxes, are earned when the initial customer contract is signed and upon any renewal as our obligation to pay a sales commission arises at these times. Sales and marketing expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenues for a variety of reasons including the timing of such expenses, in any particular quarter or annual period. 
 Research and development . Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel related costs of our research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation, allocated overhead and costs of certain third-party contractors. Research and development costs related to the development of our software applications are generally recognized as incurred. We have devoted our product development efforts primarily to enhancing the functionality, and expanding the capabilities, of our applications. Investment tax credits are included as a reduction of research and development costs. Inves tment tax credits are recorded in the year in which the research and development costs of the capital expenditures are incurred, provided that we are reasonably certain that the credits will be received. The investment tax credit must be examined and approved by the tax authorities, and it is possible that the amounts granted will differ fro m the amounts recorded. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel related costs for our executive, administrative, accounting and finance, information technology, legal, accounting and human resource staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation, allocated overhead, professional fees and other corporate expenses. We have recently incurred, and expect to continue to incur, additional expenses as we grow our operations, including potentially higher legal, corporate insurance, accounting and auditing expenses and the additional costs of enhancing and maintaining our internal control environment. General and administrative expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue, and overtime we expect that general and administrative expenses will decrease as a percent of revenue due to operational efficiencies. 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization expenses primarily consist of depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, specifically customer relationships and trade names, as a result of business combination purchase accounting adjustments. The valuation of identifiable intangible assets reflects management s estimates based on, among other factors, use of established valuation methods. Customer relationships are valued using an income approach, which estimates fair value based on the earnings and cash flow capacity of the subject asset and are amortized over a seven to ten-year period. The value of the trade name intangibles are determined using a relief from royalty method, which estimates fair value based on the value the owner of the asset receives from not having to pay a royalty to use the asset and are amortized over mostly a three-year period. 
 Acquisition-related expenses . Acquisition-related expenses are typically incurred for up to four quarters after each acquisition, with the majority of these costs being incurred within six to nine months, to transform the acquired business into the Company s UplandOne platform. These expenses can vary based on the size, timing and location of each acquisition. These acquisition-related expenses include transaction related expenses such as banker fees, legal and professional fees, insurance costs and deal bonuses. These acquisition-related expenses also include transformational expenses such as severance, compensation for transitional personnel, office lease terminations and vendor cancellations. Generally these acquisition-related expenses should no longer be material if the Company has done no acquisitions after one year. 
 Impairment of Goodwill . Goodwill impairment is recognized on a non-recurring basis when the Carrying Value (or GAAP basis book value) of our Company (which is our only reporting unit) exceeds the estimated fair value of our Company as determined by reference to a number of factors and assumptions, including the spot closing price of our Common Stock as of a certain reporting or measurement date. We assess Goodwill for impairment annually on October 1st, or more frequently when an event occurs which could cause the Carrying Value of our Company to exceed the estimated fair value of our Company. As a result of the decline of our stock price during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we performed a Goodwill impairment evaluation as of December 31, 2022, which resulted in a Goodwill impairment of 12.5 million. See Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our fourth quarter 2022 Goodwill impairment. We will continue to evaluate Goodwill impairment in future periods. 
 Total Other Expense 
 Total other expense consists primarily of amortization of debt issuance costs over the term of the related term loan, revaluation of foreign subsidiaries, interest expense on outstanding debt, partially offset by interest income on our interest- 
 36 

bearing cash balances held in money market accounts. We participate in interest rate swap agreements for the purpose of reducing variability in interest rate payments on the Company s outstanding term loans. These interest rate swaps fix the Company's interest rate (including the hedge premium) at 5.4 for the term of the Credit Facility (as hereinafter defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility ). In addition, gains/losses on divested assets that meet the definition of a business under ASC 805-10, Business Combination Overall , are included in Total other expense. 
 Income Taxes 
 Because we have not generated domestic net income in any period to date, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our domestic net deferred tax assets, exclusive of tax deductible goodwill. We have historically not recorded any material provision for federal or state income taxes, other than deferred taxes related to tax deductible goodwill and current taxes in certain separate company filing states and states in which loss carryforwards do not fully offset taxable income. The balance of the tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, outside of tax deductible goodwill and current taxes in separate filing states, is related to foreign income taxes, primarily operations of our subsidiaries in Australia, Canada, Ireland and the United Kingdom, and to the release of valuation allowances associated with acquisitions of domestic entities with deferred tax liabilities. Realization of any of our domestic deferred tax assets depends upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Based on analysis of acquired net operating losses, utilization of our net operating losses will be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change rules under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and similar state provisions. In the event we have subsequent changes in ownership, the availability of net operating losses and research and development credit carryovers could be further limited. 
 37 

Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the specified periods, as well as our results of operations for the specified periods as a percentage of revenue. The period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily indicative of results for future periods (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data). Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Revenue: Subscription and support 297,887 94 287,621 95 277,504 95 Perpetual license 6,948 2 2,150 1 1,884 1 Total product revenue 304,835 96 289,771 96 279,388 96 Professional services 12,468 4 12,245 4 12,390 4 Total revenue 317,303 100 302,016 100 291,778 100 Cost of revenue: Subscription and support (1)(2) 93,948 30 92,168 31 89,880 31 Professional services and other 9,793 3 7,285 2 8,566 3 Total cost of revenue 103,741 33 99,453 33 98,446 34 Gross profit 213,562 67 202,563 67 193,332 66 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing (1) 59,416 19 55,097 18 46,077 16 Research and development (1) 46,187 15 42,693 14 39,002 13 General and administrative (1) 70,462 22 76,901 25 68,072 23 Depreciation and amortization 43,669 14 41,315 14 36,919 13 Acquisition-related expenses 21,556 6 21,234 8 27,075 9 Impairment of goodwill 12,500 4 Total operating expenses 253,790 80 237,240 79 217,145 74 Loss from operations (40,228) (13) (34,677) (12) (23,813) (8) Other Expense: Interest expense, net (29,145) (9) (31,626) (10) (31,529) (11) Other expense, net (781) (253) (1) (111) Total other expense (29,926) (9) (31,879) (11) (31,640) (11) Loss before benefit from income taxes (70,154) (22) (66,556) (23) (55,453) (19) Benefit from income taxes 1,741 8,344 4 4,234 1 Net loss (68,413) (22) (58,212) (19) (51,219) (18) Preferred stock dividends and accretion (1,846) (1) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (3) (70,259) (22) (58,212) (19) (51,219) (18) Net loss per common share: Loss from continuing operations per common share, basic and diluted (3) (2.23) (1.92) (1.92) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (3) 31,528,881 30,295,769 26,632,116 
 
 38 

(1) Includes stock-based compensation. See table below for stock-based compensation by operating expense line item. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Stock-based compensation: Cost of revenue 1,984 2,088 1,951 Research and development 2,733 3,085 3,391 Sales and marketing 4,239 5,957 3,450 General and administrative 32,646 42,743 32,900 Total 41,602 53,873 41,692 
 (2) Includes depreciation and amortization of 12.5 million, 11.6 million and 10.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) See Note 8 Net Loss Per Share , in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discu ssion and a reconciliation of historical net loss attributable to common stockholders and weighted average shares outstanding for historical basic and diluted net loss per share calculations. 

Adjusted Operating Measures 
 
 In the following discussion of results of operations, we refer to Core Organic Revenue and Organic Revenue as non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that, in addition to our financial results determined in accordance with GAAP, these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating our business, results of operations, and financial condition. However, our use of non-GAAP financial measures may vary from that of others in our industry. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as an alternative to the performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 There are limitations to the use of non-GAAP measures, as non-GAAP measures may not present complete financial results. We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP financial measures along with other comparative tools, together with GAAP measurements, to assist in the evaluation of operating performance. Such GAAP measurements include revenue, gross profit, net loss, net loss per share and other performance measures. In evaluating these financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those eliminated in the presentation of our non-GAAP financial measures. Our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. When evaluating our performance, you should consider these non-GAAP financial measures alongside other financial performance measures, including the most directly comparable GAAP measures set forth in the reconciliation tables below and our other GAAP results. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the definitions of the non-GAAP financial measures included herein, as well as a statement disclosing the reasons management believes certain non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Total revenue to Core Organic Revenue for each of the periods indicated. 
 
 39 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Reconciliation of Total revenue to Core Organic Revenue: Total revenue 317,303 302,016 Less: Subscription and support revenue from acquisitions not fully in the prior year comparative period (1) 
 49,624 24,943 Perpetual license revenue 6,948 2,150 Professional services revenue 12,468 12,246 Subscription and support revenue from Sunset Assets (2) 
 29,958 35,782 Overage Charges (3) 
 12,287 16,124 Political Revenue (4) 
 980 Core Organic Revenue (5) 
 206,018 209,791 (1) After the reduction of 5.5 million purchase accounting deferred revenue discount for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Subscription and support revenue from Sunset Assets is revenue related to Sunset Assets. This excludes Overage Charges, Professional services revenue, Perpetual license revenue and subscription and support revenue from acquisitions not fully in the prior year comparative period all shown separately. 
 (3) Overage Charges are subscription and support revenue representing amounts paid to the Company by a customer (in addition to such customer s contractual minimum payment commitments) as a result of such customer s number of users or level of usage of services including text and e-mail messaging and third party pass-through costs exceeding the levels stipulated in such customer s license or related purchase agreements with the Company. 
 (4) Political Revenue is subscription and support usage revenue from US presidential campaigns. 
 (5) Core Organic Revenue excludes revenues from acquisitions closed during or subsequent to the prior year comparable period, Perpetual license revenues, Professional services revenues, revenue from Sunset Assets, Overage Charges and Political Revenue. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Subscription and support revenue to Core Organic Revenue for each of the periods indicated. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Reconciliation of Subscription and support revenue to Core Organic Revenue: Subscription and support revenue 297,887 287,621 Less: Subscription and support revenue from acquisitions not fully in the prior year comparative period (1) 
 49,624 24,943 Subscription and support revenue from Sunset Assets (2) 
 29,958 35,782 Overage Charges (3) 
 12,287 16,124 Political Revenue (4) 
 980 Core Organic Revenue (5) 
 206,018 209,791 (1) After the reduction of 5.5 million purchase accounting deferred revenue discount for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 (2) Subscription and support revenue from Sunset Assets is revenue related to Sunset Assets. This excludes Overage Charges, Professional services revenue, Perpetual license revenue and subscription and support revenue from acquisitions not fully in the prior year comparative period all shown separately. 
 (3) Overage Charges are subscription and support revenue representing amounts paid to the Company by a customer (in addition to such customer s contractual minimum payment commitments) as a result of such customer s number of users or volume of usage including text and e-mail messaging and third party pass-through costs exceeding the levels stipulated in such customer s license or related purchase agreements with the Company. 
 (4) Political Revenue is subscription and support usage revenue from US presidential campaigns. 
 (5) Core Organic Revenue excludes revenues from acquisitions closed during or subsequent to the prior year comparable period, revenue from Sunset Assets, Overage Charges and Political Revenue. 
 
 40 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue: Subscription and support 297,887 94 287,621 95 10,266 4 Perpetual license 6,948 2 2,150 1 4,798 223 Total product revenue 304,835 96 289,771 96 15,064 5 Professional services 12,468 4 12,245 4 223 2 Total revenue 317,303 100 302,016 100 15,287 5 
 Total revenue was 317.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 302.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 15.3 million, or 5 . Total revenue growth includes a negative impact of 2 from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our organic revenue excludes acquisitions closed during or subsequent to the prior year comparable period and business operations related to Sunset Assets (the Organic Revenue ). The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 32.8 million to the increase in total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total revenue related to Perpetual license and Professional services related to our Organic Business decreased by 3.0 million. Subscription and support revenue related to Sunset Assets decreased by 5.8 million as a result of decreased sales and marketing focus on those Sunset Assets. Total revenues related to Overage Charges decreased by 3.8 million as a result of variable demand in the year ended December 31, 2022. The year ended December 31, 2021 included 1.0 million in Political Revenue, which did not repeat in the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, net of these non-core revenues, our Core Organic Revenue decreased by 3.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. After removing the negative foreign currency exchange impact on our revenue, net of these non-core revenues, our Core Organic Revenue decreased by 2.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Subscription and support revenue was 297.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 287.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 10.3 million, or 4 . Subscription and support revenue growth includes a negative impact of 2 from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 24.7 million to the increase in subscription and support revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. Subscription and support revenue related to our Sunset Assets decreased 5.8 million as a result of decreased sales and marketing focus on those Sunset Assets. Subscription and support revenues related to Overage Charges decreased by 3.8 million as a result of variable demand in the year ended December 31, 2022. The year ended December 31, 2021 included 1.0 million of subscription and support Political Revenues which did not repeat in the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, net of these non-core revenues, our Core Organic Revenue decreased by 3.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. After removing the negative foreign currency exchange impact on our revenue, net of these non-core revenues, our Core Organic Revenue decreased by 2.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 41 

Perpetual license revenue was 6.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4.7 million, or 223 . The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 5.0 million to the increase in perpetual license revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. Perpetual license revenue related to our Sunset Assets was nil. Therefore, perpetual license revenue from our Organic Business decreased by 0.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Professional services revenue was 12.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 12.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.3 million, or 2 . The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 3.1 million to the increase in professional services revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. Professional services revenue related to our Sunset Assets decreased by 0.1 million. Therefore, professional services revenue from our Organic Business decreased by 2.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to our discipline around not accepting unprofitable professional services projects. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenue: Subscription and support (1) 93,948 30 92,168 31 1,780 2 Professional services 9,793 3 7,285 2 2,508 34 Total cost of revenue 103,741 33 99,453 33 4,288 4 Gross profit 213,562 67 202,563 67 10,999 5 (1) Includes depreciation and amortization expense as follows: Depreciation 8 30 (22) (73) Amortization 12,469 4 11,583 4 886 8 
 Cost of subscription and support revenue was 93.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 92.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.7 million, or 2 . The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 5.4 million to the increase to cost of subscription and support revenue, primarily related to costs associated with the delivery of the BA Insight, Objectif Lune and Panviva products. Cost of subscription and support revenue related to our Sunset Assets decreased 2.6 million, primarily related to hosting and infrastructure costs. Therefore, cost of subscription and support revenue for our Organic Business decreased by 1.1 million mainly due to decreased messaging costs. 
 Cost of professional services revenue was 9.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.5 million, or 34 . The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 3.2 million to the increase to cost of professional services revenue, primarily related to an increase in personnel and related costs. Therefore, cost of professional services revenue for our Organic Business decreased by 0.7 million primarily related to a decrease in personnel related costs. 
 42 

Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expense Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 59,416 19 55,097 18 4,319 8 
 Sales and marketing expense was 59.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 55.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4.3 million, or 8 . The acquisitions not fully completed in the comparable period contributed 6.6 million to the increase in sales and marketing expense, primarily consisting of increased headcount and personnel related costs in the year ended December 31, 2022. Sales and marketing expense for our Sunset Assets decreased by 1.1 million primarily as a result of decreased personnel related costs. Sales and marketing expense for our Organic Business decreased by 1.2 million, primarily as a result of a reduction in personnel related costs which were partially offset by increased commission costs. We expect to see an increase in sales and marketing expense in 2023 as we increase our go to market investments. 
 Research and Development Expense Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Research and development 46,187 15 42,693 14 3,494 8 
 Research and development expense was 46.2 million in 2022, compared to 42.7 million in 2021, an increase of 3.5 million, or 8 . The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period contributed 7.5 million to the increase in research and development expense primarily consisting of personnel related costs. Research and development expense related to our Sunset Assets decreased by 0.7 million primarily due to reductions in personnel related costs. Therefore, research and development expense for our Organic Business decreased by 3.3 million primarily related to a decrease in non-cash stock compensation expense coupled with lower outsourced technology services costs as we shift more resources to our India Center of Excellence. We expect to see an increase in research and development expenses in 2023 due to increased product investments. 
 General and Administrative Expense Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 70,462 22 76,901 25 (6,439) (8) 
 General and administrative expense was 70.5 million in 2022, compared to 76.9 million in 2021, a decrease of 6.4 million, or 8 . General and administrative expense for our Organic Business decreased by 9.8 million, which was driven primarily by lower non-cash stock compensation expense due primarily to lower grant date fair values in 2022 as well as the absence of a one-time non-cash stock compensation charge taken in 2021 of 6.3 million related to the departure of a former executive. General and administrative expense for our Sunset Assets decreased by 0.9 million. This was partially offset by an increase in general administrative expense of 4.3 million due to costs related to the acquisitions not fully in the comparable period, which consisted primarily of higher personnel related costs and administrative expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 43 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Depreciation and amortization: Depreciation 1,529 1 1,968 1 (439) (22) Amortization 42,140 13 39,347 13 2,793 7 Total depreciation and amortization 43,669 14 41,315 14 2,354 6 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 43.7 million in 2022, compared to 41.3 million in 2021, an increase of 2.4 million, or 6 . The acquisitions not fully in the comparable period increased depreciation and amortization expense by 6.0 million, primarily related to acquired intangible assets such as customer relationships and tradenames. Therefore, depreciation and amortization expense for our Organic Business decreased by 3.6 million in the comparative periods due to assets becoming fully depreciated or amortized during the period. 
 Acquisition-related Expense Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Acquisition-related expense 21,556 6 21,234 8 322 2 
 Acquisition-related expenses are one-time expenses typically incurred for up to four quarters after each acquisition, with the majority of these costs being incurred within six to nine months, to transform the acquired business into the Company s unified operating platform. These expenses can vary based on the size, timing and location of each acquisition. These acquisition-related expenses include transaction-related expenses such as banker fees, legal and professional fees, insurance costs, and deal bonuses. These acquisition-related expenses also include transformational expenses such as severance, compensation for transitional personnel, office lease terminations, and vendor cancellations. Absent new acquisition activity, acquisition-related expenses are no longer material if the Company has done no acquisitions after one year. 
 Acquisition-related expense was 21.6 million in 2022, compared to 21.2 million for 2021, a marginal increase of 0.4 million, or 2 . The Company had two acquisitions in 2022 compared to three acquisitions in 2021. The 2022 acquisitions were larger and had complex organizational and tax structures, which resulted in slightly higher acquisition-related expenses compared to 2021. 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Impairment of goodwill 12,500 4 12,500 NA 
 
 Goodwill impairment is recognized on a non-recurring basis when the Carrying Value (or GAAP basis book value) of our Company (which is our only reporting unit) exceeds the estimated fair value of our Company as determined by reference to a number of factors and assumptions, including the spot closing price of our Common Stock as of a certain reporting or measurement date. We assess Goodwill for impairment annually on October 1st, or more frequently when an event occurs which could cause the Carrying Value of our Company to exceed the estimated fair value of our Company. As a result of the decline of our stock price during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we performed a Goodwill impairment evaluation as of December 31, 2022, which resulted in a Goodwill impairment of 12.5 million. See Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our fourth quarter 2022 Goodwill impairment. 
 
 44 

Other Expense, net Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Other Expense: Interest expense, net (29,145) (9) (31,626) (10) 2,481 (8) Other expense, net (781) (253) (1) (528) 209 Total other expense (29,926) (9) (31,879) (11) 1,953 (6) 
 Interest expense, net was 29.1 million in 2022, compared to 31.6 million for 2021, a decrease of 2.5 million, or 8 , due primarily to higher interest income on our interest-bearing cash balances as well as a decrease in outstanding borrowings on our Credit Facility. 
 Other expense, net was 0.8 million in 2022, compared to other expense of 0.3 million in 2021, an increase of 0.5 million, or 209 . The difference in other expense is primarily due to an increase in foreign currency exchange losses compared to 2021. 
 Benefit from Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Percent of Revenue Amount Change (dollars in thousands) Loss before provision for income taxes (70,154) (22) (66,556) (23) (3,598) (5) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 1,741 8,344 4 (6,603) (79) Effective income tax rate (2.5) (12.5) 
 Benefit from income taxes was 1.7 million in 2022, compared to a benefit for income taxes of 8.3 million in 2021, a decrease in the benefit from income taxes of 6.6 million, or 79 . This decrease was due primarily to decreased benefits recognized during the year attributable to the release of valuation allowances associated with acquisitions of domestic entities with deferred tax liabilities that, upon acquisition, allow us to recognize certain deferred tax assets that had previously been offset by a valuation allowances. 
 
 Because we have not generated domestic net income in any period to date, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our domestic net deferred tax assets, exclusive of any remaining tax deductible goodwill after application of indefinite life deferred tax assets. Realization of any of our domestic deferred tax assets depends upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Based on analysis of acquired net operating losses, utilization of our net operating losses will be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change rules under the Code and similar state provisions. Refer to Note 6. Income Taxes , in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our income taxes as they relate to foreign and domestic operations. 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 For a comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 24 , 2022. 
 45 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Key Metrics 
 In addition to the GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures described in Results of Operations above, we regularly review the following key metrics to evaluate and identify trends in our business, measure our performance, prepare financial projections and make strategic decisions (in thousands, except percentages): As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Other Financial Data (unaudited): Annualized recurring revenue value at year-end 266,278 257,056 220,535 Annual net dollar retention rate 95 94 94 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 97,105 96,657 99,903 (1) Adjusted EBITDA is presented for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Annualized recurring revenue value at year-end 
 We define annualized recurring revenue ARR as the value as of December 31 that equals the monthly value of our recurring revenue under support and subscription contracts excluding month-to-month contracts measured as of December 31 multiplied by 12. This measure excludes the revenue value of uncontracted overage fees, on-demand or monthly usage service fees and Sunset Assets. As a metric, ARR mitigates fluctuations in revenue recognition due to certain factors, including contract term and the sales mix of recurring revenue contracts and perpetual licenses. ARR does not have any standardized meaning and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. ARR should be viewed independently of revenues and deferred revenues and is not intended to be combined with or to replace either of those elements of our financial statements. ARR is not a forecast and the active contracts at the end of a reporting period used in calculating ARR may or may not be extended or renewed by our clients. Refer to Note 3 Acquisitions and Note 5 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Our ARR was 266.3 million, 257.1 million and 220.5 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Annual net dollar retention rate 
 We measure our ability to grow and retain ARR from existing clients using a metric we refer to as our annual net dollar retention rate. We define annual net dollar retention rate as of December 31 as the aggregate ARR as of December 31 from those customers that were also customers as of December 31 of the prior fiscal year, divided by the aggregate ARR value from all customers as of December 31 of the prior fiscal year. This measure excludes the revenue value of uncontracted overage fees, on-demand service fees and our Sunset Assets. 
 Our annual net dollar retention rate was 95 , 94 and 94 as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We monitor Adjusted EBITDA to help us evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of our operations. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), calculated in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for depreciation and amortization expense, net interest expense, loss on debt extinguishment, net other expense, benefit from income taxes, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related expense, purchase accounting deferred revenue discount and impairment of goodwill. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that our management believes provides useful information to management, investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results for the following reasons: 
 Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by our investors and securities analysts to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon their financing, capital structures and the method by which assets were acquired; 
 46 

Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP financial measures for planning purposes, in the preparation of our annual operating budget, as a measure of our operating performance, to assess the effectiveness of our business strategies and to communicate with our board of directors concerning our financial performance because Adjusted EBITDA eliminates the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance; 
 Adjusted EBITDA provides more consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, facilitates period-to-period comparisons of our operations and also facilitates comparisons with other companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results; and 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net loss or any other measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The use of Adjusted EBITDA as an analytical tool has limitations such as: 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net loss or any other measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Impairment of goodwill and depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, and the assets being depreciated or amortized, which contribute to the generation of revenue, will often have to be replaced in the future and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash requirements for such replacements; however, much of the depreciation and amortization relates to amortization of acquired intangible assets as well as the goodwill as a result of business combination purchase accounting adjustments, which will not need to be replaced in the future; 
 Adjusted EBITDA may not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs or contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest or tax payments that could reduce cash available for use; and, 
 other companies, including companies in our industry, might calculate Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 
 Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA together with other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net loss and our other GAAP results. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Net loss from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated (in thousands). Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss (68,413) (58,212) (51,219) Depreciation and amortization expense 56,146 52,928 47,164 Interest expense, net 29,145 31,626 31,529 Other expense, net 781 253 111 Benefit from income taxes (1,741) (8,344) (4,234) Stock-based compensation expense 41,602 53,873 41,692 Acquisition-related expense 21,556 21,234 27,075 Non-recurring litigation costs 33 Purchase accounting deferred revenue discount 5,496 3,299 7,785 Impairment of goodwill 12,500 Adjusted EBITDA 97,105 96,657 99,903 
 
 Core Organic Revenue 
 
 Core Organic Revenue is defined as total revenue, less revenue from acquisitions closed during or subsequent to the prior year comparable period, Perpetual license revenues, Professional services revenues, revenue from Sunset Assets, Overage Charges and Political Revenue. For reconciliations of total revenue to Core Organic Revenue and subscription and support revenue to Core Organic Revenue, see Results of Operations Adjusted Operating Measures. 
 47 

48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the raising of capital including sales of our common stock and preferred stock or our convertible preferred stock, cash from operating activities and borrowings under our Credit Facility (as hereinafter defined). We believe that current cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operating activities and availability under our existing Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. In addition, we intend to utilize the sources of capital available to us under our Credit Facility and registration statement to support our continued growth via acquisitions within our core enterprise solution suites of complementary technologies and businesses. We do not intend to offer for sale any common stock at current market prices. 
 The following table summarizes our liquidity for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 248,653 189,158 Available borrowings from our Revolving Credit Facility 60,000 60,000 Total Liquidity 308,653 249,158 
 The 59.5 million increase in cash and cash equivalents from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 includes 110.4 million in cash proceeds related to our Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs which closed in August 2022. This was partially offset by 62.4 million in cash paid for our two acquisitions closed in January and February 2022, net of 0.7 million in cash acquired. Non-cash acquisition date consideration to be paid in future periods related to these acquisitions includes 5.9 million in holdback payments and that are due within 12 to 18 months of the closing dates of the underlying acquisitions. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries was 34.8 million as of December 31, 2022. If these funds held by our foreign subsidiaries are needed for our domestic operations, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds to the U.S. However, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside the U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our domestic operations. We do not provide for federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a working capital surplus of 170.1 million and 106.5 million, respectively. 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 The Series A Preferred Stock as discussed in Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock provided us an additional 115.0 million in liquidity during the year ended December 31, 2022, which we intend to use for (a) for general corporate purposes and (b) for transaction-related fees and expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock Issuance Costs totaled 4.6 million. 
 
 The holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends (i) at the rate of 4.5 per annum until but excluding the seven year anniversary of the closing, and (ii) at the rate of 7.0 per annum on and after the seven year anniversary of the closing, and are also entitled to fully participate in any dividends or other distributions declared or paid on our common stock on an as-converted basis. Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears, and may be paid, at our option, in cash or by paying dividends in kind . Our ability to pay cash dividends is subject to the restrictions under the Credit Facility (as defined below). The Series A Preferred Stock had accrued unpaid dividends of 1.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up Liquidation ), on parity with any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon Liquidation, junior to any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon Liquidation and junior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness, including the Credit Facility. 
 Credit Facility 
 Our facility is comprised of 540.0 million in original principal term loans and a 60.0 million revolving credit facility. 
 49 

On August 6, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Facility which provides for (i) a fully-drawn 350 million, 7 year, senior secured term loan B facility (the Term Loan and (ii) a 60 million, 5 year, revolving credit facility (the Revolver that was fully available as of December 31, 2022. The Credit Facility replaced our previous credit facility. All outstanding balances under our previous credit facility were paid off using proceeds from our Credit Facility. 
 On November 26, 2019, the Company entered into a First Incremental Assumption Agreement (the Incremental Assumption Agreement which provides for a term loan facility to be established under the Credit Facility i n an aggregate principal amount of 190 million (the 2019 Incremental Term Loan which is in addition to the existing 350 million Term Loan outstanding und er the Credit Facility and the 60 million Revolver under t he Credit Facility. 
 The Credit Facility has no financial covenants as long as less than 35 of the Revolver is drawn as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. The Credit Facility is secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets and requires us to maintain certain financial covenants. The Credit Facility contains certain non-financial restrictive covenants that limit our ability to transfer or dispose of assets, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, pay dividends, incur additional indebtedness and liens, effect changes in management and enter into new businesses. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility. See Note 7. Debt in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our Credit Facility and outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022. 
 On February 21, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to its Credit Facility. The amendment amended the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. Other than the foregoing, the material terms of the Credit Agreement remains unchanged. 
 2022 S-3 
 On October 21, 2022 we filed a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267973) (the 2022 S-3 ), on behalf of the Purchaser and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, which became effective on November 1, 2022 and covers (i) the issued Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock, which amount includes and assumes that dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid by increasing the Liquidation Preference of the Series A Preferred Stock for a period of sixteen dividend payment periods from the initial issuance date. See Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock for further details. 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Data: Net cash provided by operating activities 29,979 41,738 Net cash used in investing activities (63,222) (93,532) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 94,151 (8,180) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash (1,413) (897) Change in cash and cash equivalents 59,495 (60,871) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 189,158 250,029 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 248,653 189,158 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities is significantly influenced by the amount of cash we invest in personnel and infrastructure to support the anticipated growth of our business. Included in net cash provided by operations are one-time acquisition related expenses incurred for up to four quarters after each acquisition to transact and transform the acquired business into the Company's UplandOne platform. Additionally, operating cash flows includes the impact of earnout payments in excess of original purchase accounting estimates. Our working capital consists primarily of cash, receivables from customers, prepaid assets, unbilled professional services, deferred commissions, accounts payable, accrued compensation and other accrued expenses, acquisition related earnout and holdback liabilities, lease liabilities and deferred revenues. The volume of professional services rendered, the volume and timing of customer bookings and contract renewals, and the related timing of collections and renewals on those bookings, as well as the timing of spending commitments and payments of our accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued payroll and related benefits, all affect these account balances. 
 50 

Cash provided by operating activities was 30.0 million for 2022 compared to 41.7 million for 2021, a decrease of 11.8 million. This decrease in operating cash flow is generally attributable to the working capital uses of cash outweighing the working capital sources of cash outlined below. Working capital uses of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 included a 14.0 million decrease in accrued expenses, a decrease of 7.2 million in accounts payable related to timing of payments, a 2.7 million increase in prepaids and other related primarily to an increase in deferred sales commission and a decrease of 5.0 million in deferred revenue. Working capital sources of cash for 2022 included a decrease of 9.7 million decrease in accounts receivable related to the timing of collections. 
 A substantial source of cash is invoicing for subscriptions and support fees in advance, which is recorded as deferred revenue, and is included on our consolidated balance sheet as a liability. Deferred revenue consists of the unearned portion of booked fees for our software subscriptions and support and for professional services, which is amortized into revenue in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. We assess our liquidity, in part, through an analysis of new subscriptions invoiced, expected cash receipts on new and existing subscriptions, and our ongoing operating expense requirements. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Our primary investing activities have consisted of acquisitions of complementary technologies, products and businesses. As our business grows, we expect our primary investing activities to continue to further expand our family of software applications and infrastructure and support additional personnel. 
 For 2022, cash used in investing activities consisted of 62.4 million associated with the Company s 2022 acquisitions, and the purchases of property and equipment of 0.9 million. Cash used in investing activities decreased 30.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of closing two acquisitions during the period compared to three acquisition in the comparable prior year period. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Our primary financing activities have consisted of capital raised to fund our acquisitions, proceeds from debt obligations incurred to finance our acquisitions, repayments of our debt obligations, and share based tax payment activity. 
 Cash provided by financing activities increased 102.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in cash provided by financing activities relates primarily to a 110.4 million in cash proceeds related to our Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs, partially offset by a 7.4 million increase in additional consideration paid to sellers (i.e. holdbacks) and a 0.6 million increase in net share employee payroll tax settlement payments compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Contractual Payment Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our future contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Next 12 Months Beyond 12 Months Total Debt Obligations (1) 
 5,400 517,050 522,450 Interest on Debt Obligations (2) 
 28,335 72,644 100,979 Operating Lease Obligations (3) 
 3,711 5,872 9,583 Purchase Commitments (4) 
 23,158 18,262 41,420 Total 60,604 613,828 674,432 
 (1) Consists of contractual principal payments on our Credit Facility. See Liquidity and Capital Resources above for further discussion regarding our Credit Facility. 
 (2) Future interest on debt obligations is calculated using the interest rate effective as of December 31, 2022. We have entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements to limit exposure to interest rate risk related to our debt. These interest rate swaps effectively converted the entire balance of the Company s 540 million original principal term loans from variable interest payments to fixed interest rate payments, based on an annualized fixed rate of 5.4 , for the 7 year term of the debt. In conjunction with our 350 million, 7-year, Credit Facility and our 190 million 2019 Incremental Term Loan, we entered into interest rate hedge instruments for the full 7 year term, effectively fixing our interest rate at 5.4 . However, the interest rate associated with our 60 million, 5 year, undrawn Revolver remains floating. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk for further discussion. 
 51 

(3) We lease office space under operating leases that expire between 2023 and 2028. Operating lease obligations above do not include the impact of future rental income related to agreements we have entered into to sublet excess office space as a result of our transformation activities. 
 (4) We define a purchase commitment as an agreement that is enforceable and legally binding and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum services to be used; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included. In addition, purchase orders are not included as they represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. 
 The Company has purchase commitments related to hosting services, third-party technology used in the Company s solutions and for other services the Company purchases as part of normal operations. In certain cases these arrangements require a minimum annual purchase commitment. 

Critical Accounting Policies and the Use of Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , we believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services over the term of the agreement. We recognize revenues based on the five-step model in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . We derive our revenues primarily from subscription and support revenues. Other revenue-generating activities include perpetual licenses and professional services revenues. 
 Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. In addition, significant judgments are made when determining the standalone selling price SSP in situations where we have a contract that have multiple performance obligations. We determine the SSP based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, historical standalone sales, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within our contracts. 
 
 For revenue generated from arrangements that involve vendor reseller agreements and messaging-related subscription agreements, there is significant judgment in evaluating whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis) or agent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. In reaching conclusions on gross versus net revenue recognition, we place the most weight on the analysis of whether or not we are the primary obligor in the arrangement. Generally, we report revenue from vendor reseller agreements on a gross basis, meaning the amounts billed to customers are recorded as revenue, and expenses incurred are recorded as cost of revenue. 
 See Note 14. Revenue Recognition in the notes to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of our revenue recognition policy. 
 Deferred Commissions 
 Sales commissions for new customer contracts are capitalized upon contract signing and amortized over the expected life of the customer relationships, which has been determined to be approximately 6 years, consistent with the prior year. Sales commissions paid on renewal contracts are deferred and amortized over the average renewal term, which was determined to 
 52 

be approximately 18 months, consistent with the prior year. Determining the period of expected life of customer relationships and average renewal term requires judgment for which we take into consideration our customer contracts, our technology life cycle and other factors. 
 See Note 14. Revenue Recognition Deferred Commissions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of our deferred commissions. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and several foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Tax Act has provisions that require additional guidance on specific interpretations of the tax law changes. Our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by our earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions and investments, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities including changes in our assessment of valuation allowances, changes in the relevant tax laws or interpretations of these tax laws, and developments in current and future tax examinations. 
 
 The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities will be recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. We make significant estimates in determining the value of our deferred tax assets. These estimates include, but are not limited to, the expected reversal periods of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the availability of net operating losses and other carryovers and consideration of the future ability to generate taxable income. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, it would impact the value of our deferred tax assets and the income tax benefit recognized in fiscal 2022 and in future periods when the deferred taxes are realized. 
 
 A valuation allowance is established against our deferred tax assets to reduce their carrying value to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. As of December 31, 2022 we recorded a valuation allowance of 20.5 million against our deferred tax assets. If, in the future, we evaluate that our deferred tax assets are not more likely than not to be realized, an increase in the related valuation allowance could result in a material income tax expense in the period such determination is made. 
 The Company has adopted an indefinite reinvestment position whereby foreign earnings for foreign subsidiaries are expected to be reinvested and future earnings are not expected to be repatriated. As a result of this policy, no deferred tax liability has been accrued in anticipation of future dividends from foreign subsidiaries. 
 The Company accounts for the uncertainty of income taxes based on a more likely than not threshold for the recognition and derecognition of tax positions. The Company s policy is to account for interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. 
 Business Combinations 
 The allocation of the purchase price in a business combination requires management to make significant estimates in determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets. The excess of the purchase price over these estimated fair values is recorded to goodwill. Estimated fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities that are separately identifiable from goodwill are generally based on available historical information, future expectations, available market data, and assumptions determined to be reasonable, but inherently uncertain, with respect to future events, including economic conditions, competition, technological obsolescence, the useful life of the acquired assets, and other factors. 
 Significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, are used to determine the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and contingent consideration transferred as well as the useful lives of long-lived assets acquired. 
 The valuation of identifiable intangible assets reflects management s estimates based on, among other factors, use of established valuation methods, including, but not limited to, the multi-period excess earnings method income approach method and the relief-from-royalty method. The purchase price transferred in our acquisitions often contain purchase price holdback and contingent consideration provisions, such as earnout payments. The Company utilizes a third-party valuation specialist to estimate the acquisition date fair value of potential earnout payments. Subsequent remeasurements of potential earnout payments require significant judgements and estimates including, but not limited to, (and if applicable in the 
 53 

circumstances) customer renewals, new customers, ARR growth, forecasted bookings, forecasted churn and other factors. 
 See Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Business Combinations in the notes to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of business combinations. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure all share-based payments, including grants of options to purchase common stock and the issuance of restricted stock or restricted stock units to employees, service providers and board members, using the fair-value at grant date. We record forfeitures as they occur. The cost of services received from employees and non-employees in exchange for awards of equity instruments is recognized on our consolidated statement of operations based on the estimated fair value of those awards on the grant date and amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We value restricted stock and restricted stock units at the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. We value stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 stock-based compensation awards consisted primarily of restricted stock and restricted stock units. 
 From time to time, we grant restricted stock units that also include performance or market-based conditions PRSUs ). For PRSUs granted with a market condition, we use a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to value the award. Compensation expense for awards with marked-based conditions is recognized over the required service period of the grant based on the grant date fair value of the award and is not subject to fluctuation due to achievement of the underlying market-based condition. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangibles 
 Goodwill 
 We assess Goodwill for impairment annually on October 1st, or more frequently when an event occurs which could cause the Carrying Value (or GAAP basis book value) of our Company to exceed the estimated fair value of our Company. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment during the first quarter of 2018. 
 
 As we operate as one reporting unit, the Goodwill impairment evaluation is performed at the consolidated entity level by comparing the estimated fair value of the Company to its Carrying Value. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its Carrying Value. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the Company's fair value is less than its Carrying Value, then we perform a quantitative analysis using a fair-value-based approach to determine if the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its Carrying Value. See Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for more information regarding our fourth quarter 2022 Goodwill impairment. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets 
 Identifiable intangible assets consist of customer relationships, marketing-related intangible assets and developed technology. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The straight-line method of amortization represents our best estimate of the distribution of the economic value of the identifiable intangible assets. The Company periodically reviews the estimated useful lives of its identifiable intangible assets, taking into consideration any events or circumstances that might result in either a diminished fair value or revised useful life. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, refer to Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risks, as well as risks relating to changes in the general economic conditions in the countries where we conduct business. The statement of operations impact is mitigated by having an offsetting liability in deferred revenue to partially or completely offset against the 
 54 

outstanding receivable if an account should become uncollectible. Our cash balances are kept in customary operating accounts, a portion of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and uninsured money market accounts. The majority of our cash balances are with top tier banks held in investment grade money market accounts and short term US treasury bills. To date, we have not used derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of our market risk exposures. We also have not used, nor do we intend to use, derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to our cash equivalents and any variable rate indebtedness. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. This objective is accomplished currently by making diversified investments, consisting only of money market mutual funds and certificates of deposit. 
 In conjunction with entering into our 350 million, 7 year, term Credit Facility, and subsequent entry into an additional 190 million 2019 Incremental Term Loan under the Credit Facility, we entered into interest rate hedge instruments for the full 7 year term, effectively fixing our interest rate at 5.4 . However, the interest rate associated with our 60 million, 5 year, term Revolver remains floating. As of December 31, 2022, we had an outstanding debt balance of 522.5 million under our Credit Facility. As there was no debt outstanding under our Revolver as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical change of 100 basis points would result in no change to interest expense. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our customers are generally invoiced in the currency of the country in which they are located. In addition, we incur a portion of our operating expenses in foreign currencies, including Australian dollars, British pounds, Canadian dollars, Indian Rupees, Euros and Israeli New Shekels, and in the future, as we expand into other foreign countries, we expect to incur operating expenses in other foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results of our international operations and our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. We have not previously engaged in foreign currency hedging. If we decide to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate exposure, we may not be able to hedge effectively due to lack of experience, unreasonable costs, or illiquid markets. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would have resulted in a change in revenue of 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. To date, we have not engaged in any hedging strategies. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The non-financial assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into USD using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The related translation adjustments are recorded in a separate component of stockholders' equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss. In addition, we have intercompany loans that were used to fund the acquisition of foreign subsidiaries. Due to the long-term nature of these loans, the foreign currency gains (losses) resulting from remeasurement are recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

55 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 UPLAND SOFTWARE, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

56 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Upland Software, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue recognition for new products and services Description of the Matter 
 The Company frequently acquires companies that have their own portfolio of products and services that will be included in the Upland suite of offerings. For each of these new products and services, the Company must understand the terms and conditions contained in the contracts with customers and evaluate and apply the five-step model under ASC 606 to ensure proper revenue recognition. Management performs detailed contract review procedures to ensure that any non-standard terms and conditions included in the contracts are properly considered in relation to the accounting literature. 
 57 

Auditing the Company s revenue recognition analysis related to new products and services, primarily from acquisitions, was challenging due to the effort required in identifying and evaluating non-standard terms and conditions in contracts under Upland s revenue recognition policy, in accordance with ASC 606. For example, there may be non-standard terms and conditions that required judgment to determine distinct performance obligations, transaction price, or the pattern of revenue recognition. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company's internal controls over the process to evaluate the application of the Company s revenue recognition policy to newly added products and services. This included the controls related to the determination of distinct performance obligations, transaction price, and pattern of revenue recognition. Among other procedures, we obtained and evaluated management s assessment of the respective revenue recognition for new products and services. We also reviewed management s evidence for compiling the complete portfolio of contracts and selected a sample of executed contracts to review the terms and conditions. For each of the contracts we reviewed, we identified the promised goods and services in the contract and assessed the distinct performance obligations. We also evaluated the impact of non-standard terms and conditions on the determination of the transaction price and pattern of revenue recognition. Measurement of Income Tax Provision Description of the Matter 
 As more fully described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company operates in domestic and international markets and is subject to tax law in the U.S., U.K., and other foreign tax jurisdictions. The income tax provision is an estimate based on management s understanding of current enacted tax laws and tax rates of each tax jurisdiction. The Company s accounting for income taxes involves the application of complex and changing tax laws, regulations, and case law in multiple jurisdictions as it relates to non-routine transactions such as acquisitions. The Company utilizes judgment in the interpretation of tax laws, regulations, and case law as they apply to its tax positions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, income tax benefit was 1.7 million. Auditing management s calculation of the provision for income taxes was complex because the provision for income taxes involved auditor judgment, due to the interpretation of tax laws, regulations, and case law across multiple jurisdictions, the application of those laws, regulations, and case law as it relates to non-routine transactions such as acquisitions, and evaluation of the application of such tax laws, regulations, and case law to the Company s tax positions. These matters are subject to legal and factual interpretation. Our audit procedures required significant audit effort, including the use of our tax professionals to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained from our procedures. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls relating to the provision for income taxes, inclusive of management s review of the provision for income taxes and interpretation of tax laws, regulations, and case law. For example, we tested the Company s controls over management s review of the underlying data used in the provision for income tax calculations and controls over management s review of the analysis provided by advisors utilized in the application of tax law to the Company s tax positions. Among other audit procedures performed, we assessed the Company s evaluation of tax laws, regulations, and case law, and tested the provision for income tax calculations including the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the calculations. We involved our tax matter professionals to evaluate the Company s interpretation and application of tax laws, regulations, and case law to the Company s tax positions. This included evaluating advice obtained by the Company. We have also evaluated the Company s income tax disclosures included in Notes 2 and 6 of the consolidated financial statements in relation to these matters. Evaluation of goodwill for impairment Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill balance was 477 million. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment and more frequently when indicators of impairment are identified. Estimating fair values in connection with this impairment evaluation involves the utilization of the discounted cash flow and guideline public company approaches. As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 12.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 58 

Auditing management s goodwill impairment assessment was complex and required auditor judgment because the estimation of fair values involves subjective management assumptions, including estimation of future cash flows, the long-term rate of growth for the Company s business and weighted average cost of capital. Assumptions used in these valuation models are forward-looking, and changes in these assumptions can have a material effect on the determination of fair value. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of certain controls over the Company s impairment assessment process, including controls over management s review of the valuation models and its determination of the significant assumptions described above. To test the Company s impairment evaluation, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the valuation methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its evaluation. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to current industry, market, and economic trends, to historical results of the Company and to other guideline companies within the same industry. We also performed independent sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the significant assumptions. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the methodologies and auditing the significant assumptions used to calculate the estimated fair values. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 February 28, 2023 

59 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 
 Deferred commissions, current Unbilled receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Tax credits receivable Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred commissions, noncurrent Interest rate swap assets Other assets Total assets 
 60 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 2021 LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Liabilities due to sellers of businesses Operating lease liabilities, current Current maturities of notes payable (includes unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Total current liabilities Notes payable, less current maturities (includes unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Deferred revenue, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Noncurrent deferred tax liability, net Interest rate swap liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized: and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 61 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Subscription and support Perpetual license Total product revenue Professional services Total revenue Cost of revenue: Subscription and support Professional services Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Acquisition-related expenses Impairment of goodwill Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other expense: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Loss before benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders Net loss per common share: Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes. 
 62 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency gain (loss) translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized translation gain (loss) on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps ) Other comprehensive income (loss): ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 63 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 in thousands, except share amount 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of stock under Company plans, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Issuance of stock, net of issuance costs Stock-based compensation Cumulative adjustment related to adoption of accounting standard ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized translation gain on foreign currency denominated intercompany loans Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of stock under Company plans, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized translation loss on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends accrued - Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Issuance of stock under Company plans, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized translation loss on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 64 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of liabilities due to sellers of businesses ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Amortization of deferred costs Foreign currency re-measurement loss ) Non-cash interest and other expense Non-cash stock compensation expense Non-cash loss on impairment of goodwill Non-cash loss on retirement of fixed assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of purchase business combinations: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of customer relationships ) Purchase business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Payments on finance leases ) ) Proceeds from notes payable, net of issuance costs ) ) ) Payments on notes payable ) ) ) Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred stock, net of issuance costs Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Additional consideration paid to sellers of businesses ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of interest rate swaps Cash paid for taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Business combination consideration including holdbacks and earnouts 
 ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 65 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 acquisitions in the 11 years ending December 31, 2022. 

million, which represented the accelerated recognition of credit losses related to our trade receivables under the expected credit loss model of calculating our current expected credit losses compared to the previous incurred loss model. 
 The Company extends credit to the majority of its customers. Issuance of credit is based on ongoing credit evaluations by the Company of customers financial condition and generally requires no collateral. Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Invoices generally require payment due upon receipt of invoice. The Company 
 66 

Cumulative adjustment related to adoption of ASU 2016-13 Provision for credit losses Writeoffs, net of recoveries and other ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 No individual customer represented more than 10 of total revenues or more than 10 of accounts receivable in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 - years 
 Purchased software and licenses - years 
 Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Lesser of estimated useful life or lease term 
 67 

to months of the acquisition date and are recorded in Liabilities due to sellers of businesses on our consolidated balance sheets. Contingent consideration typically includes earnout payments payable within to months of the date of acquisition based on attainment of certain performance goals. Contingent consideration liabilities are recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and are remeasured periodically based on the then assessed fair value and adjusted, if necessary. Holdback and contingent consideration liabilities are recorded in Liabilities due to sellers of businesses on our consolidated balance sheet based on their estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of contingent consideration related to potential earnout payments is calculated utilizing a binary option model, and this amount is recorded in Liabilities due to sellers of businesses on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of contingent consideration is estimated on a quarterly basis through a collaborative effort by our sales and finance departments. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration subsequent to the purchase price finalization are recorded as Acquisition-related expenses or Other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of operations based on management s assessment of the nature of the liability. In the event a holdback is reduced subsequent to the finalization of purchase accounting, the reduction is recorded as a gain in Acquisition-related expenses or Other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of operations based on management s assessment of the nature of the liability. 
 reporting unit, the Goodwill impairment evaluation is performed at the consolidated entity level by comparing the estimated fair value of the Company to its Carrying Value. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its Carrying Value. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the Company's fair value is less than its Carrying Value, then we perform a quantitative analysis using a fair-value-based approach to determine if the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its Carrying Value. See Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets f or more information regarding our fourth quarter 2022 Goodwill impairment. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets consist of customer relationships, marketing-related intangible assets and developed technology. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The straight-line method of amortization represents the Company s best estimate of the distribution of the economic value of the identifiable intangible assets. 

No indicators of impairment were identified during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 68 

million and million, respectively. These costs related primarily to the implementation of a new ERP system. These capitalized implementation costs will be amortized over the expected term of the arrangement and are amortized in the same line item on our consolidated statements of operations as the expense for fees for the associated hosting arrangement. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, the Company had write offs of debt issuance costs. 
 million original principal term loans from variable interest payments to fixed interest rate payments, based on an annualized fixed rate of , for the year term of the debt. ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , requires entities to recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial position at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, further, on the type of hedging relationship. The Company assessed the effectiveness of the hedging relationship under the hypothetical derivative method and noted that all of the critical terms of the hypothetical derivative and hedging instrument were the same. The hedging relationship continues to limit the Company s exposure to the variability in interest rates under the Company s term loans and related cash outflows. As such, the Company has deemed this hedging relationship as highly effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to hedged risk (variability in forecasted monthly interest payments) for the term of the term loans and interest rate swap agreements. All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value as a net asset or liability on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of interest rate swaps included in Interest rate swap assets on our consolidated balance sheets was million. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of interest rate swaps included in Interest rate swap liabilities was million. 
 The change in the fair value of the hedging instruments is recorded in Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps on our consolidated stateme nts of comprehensive income. Amounts deferred in Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income will be reclassified to Interest expense, net on our consolidated statements of operations in the period in which the hedged item affects earnings. 
 69 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, at a price of per share, for an initial investment amount of million. Pursuant to the Certification of Designation, cumulative preferred dividends accrue quarterly on the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate of (i) per annum until but excluding the seven year anniversary of the closing, and (ii) per annum on and after the seven year anniversary of the closing . See Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for further details. 
 
 million as of December 31, 2022 in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Series A Preferred Stock is classified as Mezzanine Equity because it is redeemable at the option of its holders (upon a deemed liquidation event as defined in Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Deemed Liquidation Event Redemption 

70 

Advertising expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020, respectively. Advertising costs are recorded in Sales and marketing expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 tax liability has been accrued in anticipation of future dividends from foreign subsidiaries. 
 The Company accounts for uncertainty of income taxes based on a more likely than not threshold for the recognition and derecognition of tax positions. Interest and penalties are recorded as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 71 

Risk-free interest rate Remaining performance period (in years) Dividend yield 
 
 Refer to Note 13. Stockholders' Equity Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for further discussion of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net losses related to remeasurement of foreign currency transactions of million were recorded in Other expense, net on our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, net gains of thousand and million, respectively, were recorded in Other expense, net on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 We have foreign currency denominated intercompany loans that were used to fund the acquisition of foreign subsidiaries. Due to the long-term nature of the loans, the foreign currency gains (losses) resulting from remeasurement are recognized as a separate component of the Company s consolidated statements of stockholders' equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the balances of these intercompany loans were converted to USD. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, a translation loss of million, loss of million, and gain of million, respectively, were recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Company s statements of stockholders equity, related to long-term intercompany loans. 
 72 

73 

million. 
 Objectif Lune - On January 07, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Objectif Lune Inc., a Quebec proprietary company Objectif Lune ), cloud-based document workflow product. Revenues recorded since the acquisition date through December 31, 2022 were approximately million. 
 We determined that disclosing the amount of BA Insight and Objectif Lune related earnings included in the consolidated statements of operations is impracticable, as certain operations of BA Insight and Objectif Lune were integrated into the operations of the Company from the date of acquisition. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 The acquisition completed during the year ended December 31, 2021 include the following: 
 Panviva - On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Panviva Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary company Panviva ), a cloud-based enterprise knowledge management solution. 
 BlueVenn - On February 28, 2021 the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of BlueVenn Group Limited, a company limited by shares organized and existing under the laws of England and Wales BlueVenn ), a cloud-based customer data platform. 
 Second Street - On January 19, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Second Street Media, Inc., a Missouri corporation Second Street ), an audience engagement platform. 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 The acquisition completed during the year ended December 31, 2020 include the following: 
 Localytics - On February 6, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase the shares comprising the entire issued share capital of Char Software, Inc (dba Localytics), a Delaware corporation Localytics ), a provider of mobile app personalization and analytics solution. 
 Consideration 
 Holdback (1) 
 Contingent consideration (2) 
 Working capital and other adjustments (3) 
 ) ) ) Total consideration 
 (1) Represents cash holdbacks subject to indemnification claims that are payable months from closing for Objectif Lune, Panviva, Second Street and Localytics, months following closing for BA Insight and months following the closing of BlueVenn. 
 (2) Represents the acquisition date fair value of anticipated earnout payments which are based on the estimated probability of attainment of the underlying future performance-based conditions at the time of acquisition. The maximum potential payout for the BlueVenn, Second Street and Localytics were million, million and million, respectively. As of March 31, 2022, the earnout payments for BlueVenn and Second Street were finalized resulting in no payments made. The earnout for Localytics was paid in full during the year ended December 31, 2020 based on an ending fair value of million. Refer to Note 4. Fair Value Measurements for further discussion regarding the calculation of fair value of acquisition related earnouts and subsequent payouts. 
 74 

million reduction in total consideration for Localytics related to a representation and warranty insurance settlement which is included in Prepaids and other on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2020 and a million reduction in total consideration for Second Street related to an indemnification claim which was charged to Liabilities due to sellers of businesses (Holdback) on our consolidated balance sheets during 2021. 
 
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 The Company recorded the purchase of the acquisitions described above using the acquisition method of accounting, and has recognized the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the date of the acquisition. The purchase accounting for the 2022 acquisition of Objectif Lune is preliminary as the Company has not finalized the overall impact of this acquisition. Management has recorded the purchase price allocations based upon acquired company information that is currently available. Management expects to complete the purchase accounting for Objectif Lune no later than the first quarter of 2023. 
 Accounts receivable Other current assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Property and equipment Customer relationships Trade name Technology Favorable leases Goodwill Other assets Total assets acquired 
 Accounts payable ) ) ) ) ) Accrued expense and other ) ) ) ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) ) ) Total liabilities assumed 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total consideration 
 The Company uses third party valuation consultants to determine the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Tangible assets are valued at their respective carrying amounts, which approximates their estimated fair value. The valuation of identifiable intangible assets reflects management s estimates based on, among other factors, use of established valuation methods. Customer relationships are valued using the multi-period excess earnings method. Developed technology and trade names are valued using the relief-from-royalty method. 
 75 

Trade name Developed technology Favorable Leases Total weighted-average useful life 
 During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill based on changes to management s estimates and assumptions. The change in the preliminary acquisition-date fair value of assets and liabilities for BlueVenn and Panviva during the year ended December 31, 2021 was related primarily to an increase in identified intangible assets. The change in the preliminary acquisition-date fair value of assets and liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 for Objectif Lune was related primarily to an increase in identified intangible assets. We expect to finalize our analysis of certain tax-related considerations during the first quarter of 2023. 
 The goodwill of million for the above acquisitions is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill deductible for tax purposes related to the above acquisitions was million. 
 Total transaction costs incurred with respect to acquisition activity in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million , million and million, respectively. These costs are included in Acquisition-related expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 Other Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 and 2021. 
 
 year term of the Company s term loans, effectively fixing our interest rate at for the full value of the Company s term loans. The fair value of this swap is measured at the end of each interim reporting period based on the then assessed fair value and adjusted if necessary. As the fair value measure is based on the market approach, they are categorized as Level 2. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the interest rate swaps is included in the Interest rate swap assets section compared to December 31, 2021 in which the fair value of the interest rate swaps included in the liabilities section on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 76 

Interest rate swap asset 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities: Interest rate swap liability 
 
 Remeasurement adjustments: (Gain) loss included in earnings ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Acquisitions and settlements: Acquisitions Settlements Ending balance 
 Sensitivity to Changes in Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 As presented in the table above, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration related to business acquisitions are forecasts of expected future annual revenues as developed by the Company's management and the probability of achievement of those revenue forecast. Significant increases (decreases) in these unobservable inputs in isolation would likely result in a significantly (lower) higher fair value measurement. 
 Debt 
 million and million, respectively, based on valuation methodologies using interest rates currently available to the Company which are Level 2 inputs. 
 77 

Acquired in business combinations Adjustment related to finalization of business combinations ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquired in business combinations Adjustment related to prior year business combinations Adjustment related to finalization of current year business combinations Impairment of goodwill (1) 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment and other ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Refer to discussion herein and in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill and Other Intangible s. 
 We performed the annual goodwill impairment test and did not identify an impairment. As a result of the decline of our stock price impacting our market capitalization during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we performed a quantitative impairment evaluation as of December 31, 2022, which resulted in a Goodwill impairment of 12.5 million. This quantitative goodwill impairment analysis applied two methodologies to estimate the Company s fair value which were: a) a discounted cash flow method and b) a guideline public company method. The two methods generated similar results and indicated that the fair value of the Company was less than its carrying value. The discounted cash flow method requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internally developed forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Under the guideline public company method, we estimate fair value based on a market multiple of revenues and earnings derived for comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating characteristics as the Company. We did not record a goodwill impairment charge for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Intangible assets, net, include the estimated acquisition-date fair values of customer relationships, marketing-related assets and developed technology that the Company recorded as part of its business acquisitions purchases and from acquisitions of customer relationships. - 
 Trade name - 
 Developed technology - 
 Favorable leases 
 Total intangible assets 
 - 
 Trade name - 
 Developed technology - 
 Non-compete agreements 
 Total intangible assets 
 78 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no material changes in the useful life of our intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reduced the estimated useful life for certain product offerings, which will result in higher estimated amortization expense in 2023. 
 
 No impairment of intangible assets were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 79 

) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 State Foreign Total Current Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total Deferred ) ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million consisting of million and million related to the U.S federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million. The U.S. federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards will expire beginning in 2023, if not utilized. Utilization of the U.S. federal net operating losses and tax credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the change of ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The annual limitation will result in the expiration of approximately million of U.S. federal net operating losses and million of credit carryforwards before utilization. million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards carry forward indefinitely, and the remainder will expire beginning in 2041. 
 
 80 

Deferred revenue Stock compensation Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Disallowed interest expense carryforwards Capital expenses Tax credit carryforwards Lease liability Unrealized losses Research and development expenses Other Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Intangible assets ) ) ) Goodwill ) ) ) Tax credit carryforwards ) Right of use asset ) ) ) Unrealized gains ) Deferred commissions ) ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Net deferred taxes ) ) ) 
 Due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of realizing the benefits of its domestic favorable tax attributes in future tax returns, the Company has placed a valuation allowance against its domestic net deferred tax assets, exclusive of goodwill. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance decreased by approximately million and million, respectively. The valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by approximately million due to the tax effect of items recorded in other comprehensive income with the remaining increase of approximately million related primarily to current operations. The valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased by approximately million due to the tax effect of items recorded in other comprehensive income and approximately million due to acquired net deferred tax liabilities as a result of domestic business combinations, which was recorded as an income tax benefit, which is partially offset with the remaining increase of approximately million related primarily to current operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not provide deferred income taxes on temporary differences resulting from earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries which are indefinitely reinvested. The reversal of these temporary differences could result in additional tax; however, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liabilities at this time. Deferred income taxes are provided as necessary with respect to earnings that are not indefinitely reinvested. 
 81 

State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Tax credits ) Effect of foreign operations ) ) Stock compensation ) ) ) Disallowed excess executive compensation ) ) ) Goodwill impairment ) Permanent items and other ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in tax rates ) Australia tax basis uplift 
 Under ASC 740-10, Income Taxes - Overall , the Company periodically reviews the uncertainties and judgments related to the application of complex income tax regulations to determine income tax liabilities in several jurisdictions. The Company uses a more likely than not criterion for recognizing an asset for unrecognized income tax benefits or a liability for uncertain tax positions. The Company has determined it has the following unrecognized assets or liabilities related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022. It is reasonably possible that a reduction of 0.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months due to the expiration of statutes of limitation, affecting our net income tax provision and therefore benefit the resulting tax rate. The actual amount could vary depending on any actual settlement prior to the expiration of statutes of limitation. 
 
 Additional based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Settlements Balance at December 31, 2021 Additional based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Settlements Balance at December 31, 2022 
 If the Company were to recognize unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, million would impact the effective tax rate. The Company s assessment of its unrecognized tax benefits is subject to change as a function of the Company s financial statement audit. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued million of interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions, which is reasonably possible to reverse in the next 12 months. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in several state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years ending before December 31, 2018 and is no longer subject to state and local or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities for years ending before December 31, 2017. The Company is not currently under audit for federal, state or any foreign jurisdictions. US operating losses generated in years prior to 2018 remain open to adjustment until the statute of limitations closes for the tax year in which the net operating losses are utilized. 
 82 

and based on an imputed interest rate of and , at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Less current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt 
 Credit Facility 
 On August 6, 2019, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Facility which provides for (i) a fully-drawn million, year, senior secured term loan B facility (the Term Loan and (ii) a million, year, revolving credit facility (the Revolver that was fully available as of December 31, 2022. The Credit Facility replaced the Company's previous credit facility. All outstanding balances under our previous credit facility were paid off using proceeds from our Credit Facility. 
 On November 26, 2019 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into a First Incremental Assumption Agreement (the Incremental Assumption Agreement which provides for a term loan facility to be established under the Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of million (the 2019 Incremental Term Loan ), which is in addition to the existing million term loans outstanding under the Credit Facility and the million Revolver under the Credit Facility. 
 Payment terms 
 The Term Loans (including the 2019 Incremental Term Loan) are repayable on a quarterly basis beginning on December 31, 2019 by an amount equal to per annum) of the aggregate principal amount of such loan. Any amount remaining unpaid is due and payable in full on August 6, 2026 (the Term Loan Maturity Date ). 
 At the option of the Company, the Term Loans (including the 2019 Incremental Term Loan) accrue interest at a per annum rate based on (i) the Base Rate plus a margin of or (ii) the rate (not less than for Eurodollar deposits quoted on the LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 pages on the Reuters Screen, or as otherwise determined in accordance with the Credit Facility (based on a period equal to 1, 2, 3 or 6 months or, if available and agreed to by all relevant Lenders and the Agent, 12 months or such period of less than 1 month) plus a margin of . The Base Rate for any day is a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate in effect on such day, (ii) the federal funds effective rate (not less than in effect on such day plus of 1.00 , and (ii) the Eurodollar rate for a one month interest period beginning on such day plus . 
 On February 21, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to its Credit Facility. The amendment amended the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. Other than the foregoing, the material terms of the Credit Agreement remains unchanged. See Note 18. Subsequent Events for further details. 
 Accrued interest on the loans will be paid quarterly or, with respect to loans that are accruing interest based on the Eurodollar rate, at the end of the applicable interest rate period. 
 Interest rate swaps 
 On August 6, 2019, the Company entered into an interest rate hedge instrument for the full year term, effectively fixing our interest rate at for the Term Loan. In addition, on November 26, 2019, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the Company s floating rate obligations under the 2019 Incremental Term Loan. These interest rate swaps fix the Company's interest rate (including the hedge premium) at for the term of the Credit Facility. The interest rate associated with our new million, year, Revolver remains floating. 
 The interest rate swap has been designated as a cash flow hedge and is valued using a market approach, which is a Level 2 valuation technique. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the interest rate swap was a million asset as a result of an increase in short term interest rates from 2021 to 2022. In the next twelve months, the Company estimates that million will be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to Interest expense, net on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 83 

) Gain (loss) on interest rate swap (included in Interest expense, net on our consolidated statement of operations) ) ) 
 Revolver 
 Loans under the Revolver are available up to million, of which is currently outstanding. The Revolver provides a sub facility whereby the Company may request letters of credit (the Letters of Credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at any one time outstanding, million for the Company. The aggregate amount of outstanding Letters of Credit are reserved against the credit availability under the Maximum Revolver Amount. The Company incurs a per annum unused line fee on the unborrowed balance of the Revolver which is paid quarterly. 
 Loans under the Revolver may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until August 6, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), at which time all amounts borrowed under the Revolver must be repaid. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolver or related sub facility. 
 Covenants 
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants limit the ability of the Loan Parties to, among other things (in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type): 
 Incur additional indebtedness or guarantee indebtedness of others; 
 Create liens on our assets; 
 Make investments, including certain acquisitions; 
 Enter into mergers or consolidations; 
 Dispose of assets; 
 Pay dividends and make other distributions on the Company s capital stock, and redeem and repurchase the Company s capital stock; 
 Enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 Prepay indebtedness or make changes to certain agreements. 
 
 The Credit Facility has no financial covenants as long as less than of the Revolver is drawn as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. If of the Revolver is drawn as of the last day of a given fiscal quarter, the Company will be required to maintain a Total Leverage Ratio (the ratio of funded indebtedness as of such date less the amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its guarantors in an amount not to exceed million, to Adjusted EBITDA (calculated on a pro forma basis including giving effect to any acquisition)), measured on a quarter-end basis for each four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, of not greater than to 1.00. 
 The Credit Facility contains customary events of default subject to customary cure periods for certain defaults that include, among others, non-payment defaults, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to certain other material indebtedness, change in control, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults and material judgment defaults. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of Term Loans and Revolver and a right by the agent and lenders to exercise remedies. At the election of the lenders, a default interest rate shall apply on all obligations during an event of default, at a rate per annum equal to above the applicable interest rate. The Term Loan and Revolver are secured by substantially all of the Company's assets. As of December 31, 2022 the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 Cash interest costs averaged for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the Credit Facility. These issuance costs will be amortized to Interest expense, net on our consolidated statement of operations, over the term of the Credit Facility. 
 84 

2024 2025 2026 Total debt outstanding Less unamortized discount Total debt outstanding, net of discount 
 
 85 

) ) Preferred stock dividends and accretion ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 
 Due to the net losses incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, basic and diluted loss per share were the same, as the effect of all potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 as detailed in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently issued accounting pronouncements - Adopted . As such, the Company is required to use the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share on our Series A Preferred Stock. The Company applies the treasury stock method for calculating diluted earnings per share on our stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units. 
 Restricted stock awards (1) 
 Restricted stock units Performance restricted stock units Series A Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis (2) 
 Total anti dilutive common share equivalents 
 (1) All outstanding restricted stock awards became fully vested as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Per ASU 2020-06, the Company is applying the if-converted method to calculated diluted earnings per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock plus accumulated dividends totaled million. The Series A Preferred Stock has a conversion price of per share, as detailed in Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock 

86 

million, million and million , respectively. The million office rent expense in 2022 includes approximately million of transformation charges in conjunction with the closures of the BA Insight and Objectif Lune offices as we continue to consolidate and integrate these acquisitions. The million office rent expense in 2021 includes approximately million of transformation charges in conjunction with the closures of the the Panviva, BlueVenn, Second Street and Localytics offices as we continue to consolidate and integrate these acquisitions. 
 The Company has entered into sublease agreements related to excess office space as a result of the Company's transformation activities related to its acquisitions. The Company s current sublease agreements terminate in 2027. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized rental income on subleases, as offsets to rental expense, of million, million and million, respectively. Operating lease obligations in the future minimum payments table below do not include the impact of future rental income of million related to these subleases as of December 31, 2022. 
 Finance lease costs: Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Sublease income ) ) Total lease expense 
 Other information about lease amounts recognized on our consolidated financial statements is summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities (in thousands): 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations (in thousands): 
 Operating leases 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases 
 Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 

87 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less amount representing interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total lease liabilities 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum payments 
 Litigation 
 In the normal course of business, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not involved in any current or pending legal proceedings, and does not anticipate any legal proceedings, that may have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 In addition, when we acquire companies, we require that the sellers provide industry standard indemnification for breaches of representations and warranties contained in the acquisition agreement and we will withhold payment of a portion of the purchase price for a period of time in order to satisfy any claims that we may make for indemnification. In certain transactions, we agree with the sellers to purchase a representation and warranty insurance policy that will pay such claims for indemnification. From time to time we may have one or more claims for indemnification pending. Similarly, we may have one or more ongoing negotiations related to the amount of an earnout. Gain contingencies related to indemnification claims are not recognized on our consolidated financial statements until realized. 
 88 

Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Amortization of assets recorded under finance leases is included with depreciation expense. Depreciation and amortization expense on Property and equipment, net was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded impairment of property and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a million, million and million loss on disposal of assets related primarily to leasehold improvements associated with the consolidation and integration of prior year acquisitions. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, par value per share, at a price of per share (the Initial Liquidation Preference for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Investment ). The Company will use the proceeds of the Investment (a) for general corporate purposes and (b) for transaction-related fees and expenses. 
 On August 23, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the closing of the Investment (the Closing occurred, and the Series A Preferred Stock was issued to the Purchaser. In connection with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company incurred direct and incremental expenses comprised of transaction fees, and financial advisory and legal expenses (the Series A Preferred Stock Issuance Costs ), which reduced the carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock Issuance Costs totaled million. Cumulative preferred dividends accrue quarterly on the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate of per year within the first seven years after the Closing Date regardless of whether declared or assets are legally available for the payment. Such dividends shall accrue and compound quarterly in arrears from the date of issuance of the shares. The dividend rate will increase to on the seven-year anniversary of the Closing Date. The Series A Preferred Stock had accrued unpaid dividends of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Contemporaneous with the Closing Date, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement and the Company filed a Certificate of Designation (the Certificate of Designation setting out the powers, designations, preferences, and other rights of the Series A Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in connection with the Closing. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Purchaser has certain customary registration rights with respect to any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or the common stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, including rights with respect to the filing of a shelf registration statement, underwritten offering rights and piggy back rights. 
 
 Dividend Provisions 
 
 89 

per share, representing an aggregate Liquidation Preference (as defined below) of upon issuance. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to the dividend at the rate of per annum, within first seven years after the Closing Date regardless of whether declared or assets are legally available for the payment. Such dividends shall accrue and compound quarterly in arrears from the date of issuance of the shares. The dividend rate will increase to on the seven-year anniversary of the Closing Date. The dividend can be paid, in the Company s sole discretion, in cash or dividend in kind by adding to the Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding; provided that, until the stockholder approvals contemplated by Nasdaq Global Market Listing Standard Rules 5635(a), (b) and (d) are obtained, as applicable, the Company may not pay in kind if doing so would cause the common shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock to exceed of the total outstanding common stock as of the Closing Date. The Series A Preferred Stock is also entitled to fully participate in any dividends paid to the holders of common stock in cash, in stock or otherwise, on an as-converted basis. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of any Liquidation, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the greater of (1) the Initial Liquidation Preference per share plus any accrued or declared but unpaid dividends on such shares (the Liquidation Preference or (2) the amount payable if the Series A Preferred Stock were converted into common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock will have distribution and liquidation rights senior to all other equity interests of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Liquidation Preference of the Series A Preferred Stock was million. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 On or after the 7th anniversary of the original issue date of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company has the right to redeem any outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for a cash purchase price equal to of the Liquidation Preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends as of the date of redemption. 
 
 Deemed Liquidation Event Redemption 
 
 Upon a fundamental change, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have the right to require the Company to repurchase any or all of its Series A Preferred Stock for cash equal to the greater of (1) of the Liquidation Preference plus the present value of the dividend payments the holders would have been entitled to through the fifth anniversary of the issue date and (2) the amount that such Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive as if converted into common shares immediately prior to the fundamental change. 
 
 A fundamental change Deemed Liquidation Event is defined as either the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to any third party or the consummation of any transaction, the result of which is that any third party or group of third parties become the beneficial owner of more than of the voting power of the Company. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Shares on all matters and not as a separate class (except as specifically provided in the Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law) on an as-if-converted basis. 
 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to elect one member of the Board of Directors for so long as holders of the Series A Preferred Stock own in the aggregate at least of the shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis. 
 
 In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to elect one non-voting observer to the Board of Directors for so long as they hold at least of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of the issue date. 
 
 Conversion Feature 
 
 90 

(the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment in the following events: 
 
 Stock splits and combinations 
 Tender offers or exchange offers 
 Distribution of rights, options, or warrants at a price per share that is less than the average of the last reported sale prices per share of Common Stock for the ten consecutive trading days 
 Spin-offs and other distributed property 
 Issuance of equity-linked securities at a price per share less than the conversion price 
 
 Anti-Dilution Provisions 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock has customary anti-dilution provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, mergers, sales of significant assets, and reorganization events and recapitalization transactions or similar events, and weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions for issuances pursuant to current or future equity-based incentive plans or arrangements (including upon the exercise of employee stock options). 
 
 shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. The common and preferred stock has a par value of per share. See Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock for a description of our Series A Preferred Stock, which is the only class of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Each share of common stock is entitled to vote at all meetings of stockholders. The number of authorized shares of common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends, when, if and as declared by our board of directors, whenever funds are legally available therefore, subject to the priority rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Registration Statements 
 2022 S-3 
 On October 21, 2022 we filed a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267973) (the 2022 S-3 ), on behalf of the Purchaser and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, which became effective on November 1, 2022 and covers (i) the issued Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock, which amount includes and assumes that dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid by increasing the Liquidation Preference of the Series A Preferred Stock for a period of sixteen dividend payment periods from the initial issuance date. See Note 12. Series A Preferred Stock for further details. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) consists of two elements, net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) items are recorded in the stockholders equity section on our consolidated balance sheets and excluded from net income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists primarily of foreign currency translation adjustments for subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the USD, unrealized translation gains (losses) on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries, and unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps. 
 91 

) Unrealized translation gain on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps ) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The Unrealized translation gain on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 is net of unrealized income tax expense of million. The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to each component of other comprehensive income (loss) for all other periods and components was not material. 
 Stock Compensation Plans 
 The Company maintains stock-based compensation plans, the 2010 Stock Option Plan (the 2010 Plan and the 2014 Stock Option Plan (the 2014 Plan ), which are described below. 
 2010 Plan 
 At December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding under the 2010 Plan. Following the effectiveness of the Company s 2014 Plan in November 2014, no further awards have been made under the 2010 Plan, although each option previously granted under the 2010 Plan will remain outstanding subject to its terms. Any such shares of common stock that are subject to awards under the 2010 Plan which are forfeited or lapse unexercised and would otherwise have been returned to the share reserve under the 2010 Plan instead will be available for issuance under the 2014 Plan. 
 2014 Plan 
 In November 2014, the Company adopted the 2014 Plan, providing for the granting of incentive stock options, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units and performance shares to employees, directors and consultants. The 2014 Plan also provides for the automatic grant of option awards to our non-employee directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding under the 2014 Plan, and shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan consist of shares. In addition, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2014 Plan will be increased annually in an amount equal to the least of (i) of the outstanding Shares on the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year or (ii) such number of Shares determined by the Board. At December 31, 2022, there were restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units outstanding under the 2014 Plan. 
 Under both the 2010 Plan and 2014 Plan, options granted to date generally vest over a three or period, with a maximum term of . The Company also grants restricted stock awards RSAs which generally vest over a three or period. Shares issued upon any stock option exercise and restricted under the 2010 Plan or 2014 Plan will be issued from the Company's authorized but unissued shares. 
 92 

Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative (1) 
 Total 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, a former executive resigned from his positions that resulted in stock-based compensation of million related to the acceleration and deemed modification of the unvested portion of grants held at the time of transition. In accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , the fair value of these awards were modified and all related expense accelerated on the date of modification as a result of the reduction in required service. 
 Our income tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation arrangements in each of the periods presented were immaterial due to cumulative losses and valuation allowances. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSU 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company granted restricted stock units under its 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, in lieu of restricted stock awards, primarily for stock plan administrative purposes. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PRSU 
 In 2022 and 2021, fifty percent of the awards granted to our Chief Executive Officer were PRSUs. The 2022 and 2021 PRSU agreements provide that the quantity of units subject to vesting may range from 0 to 300 of the units granted per the table below based on the Company's absolute total shareholder return TSR at the end of the eighteen month performance periods. At the end of the performance period, the 2021 PRSU resulted in no units granted. 
 The following table summarizes PRSU and RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 : Number of Units Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested restricted units outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited (1) 
 ) Unvested restricted units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) Includes forfeited awards related to the 2021 PRSUs. At June 30, 2022, or the end of the performance period for the 2021 PRSUs, none of the awards vested. 
 The total fair value of the RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards and restricted stock units (including performance based awards) is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.1 years. 
 The PRSU and RSU activity table above includes PRSU units granted that are based on a target payout. Compensation expense is recognized over the required service period of the grant. The fair value of the RSUs is determined based on the grant date fair value of the award. The fair value of the PRSUs is determined using the Monte Carlo simulation model and is not subject to fluctuation due to achievement of the underlying market-based target. 
 93 

, million and , respectively. 
 Significant assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model for the PRSUs granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Remaining performance period (in years) Dividend yield 
 Stock Option Activity 
 
 Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was approximately million, million and million, respectively. All of the Company s outstanding stock options were fully vested as of December 31, 2019. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options. 
 million in cash from option exercises under the respective Plans in 2022. The Company issued shares from amounts reserved under the respective Plans upon the exercise of these stock options. The Company does not currently expect to repurchase shares from any source to satisfy such obligation under any of the Company s stock option Plans. 
 
 94 

Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and deferred revenue or subscription and support revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. Additional fees for monthly usage above the levels included in the standard subscription fee are recognized as subscription and support revenue at the end of each month and is invoiced concurrently. Subscription and support revenue includes revenue related to the Company s digital engagement application which provides short code connectivity for its two-way short message service SMS programs and campaigns. As discussed further in the Principal vs. Agent Considerations section below, the Company recognizes revenue related to these messaging-related subscription contracts on a gross basis. 
 Perpetual License Revenue 
 The Company also records revenue from the sales of proprietary software products under perpetual licenses. Revenue from distinct on-premises licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. The Company s products do not require significant customization. 
 Professional Services Revenue 
 Professional services provided with subscription and support licenses and perpetual licenses consist of implementation fees, data extraction, configuration, and training. The Company s implementation and configuration services do not involve significant customization of the software and are not considered essential to the functionality. Revenue from professional services are recognized over time as such services are performed. Revenue for fixed price services are generally recognized over time applying input methods to estimate progress to completion. Revenue for consumption-based services are generally recognized as the services are performed. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Performance Obligations and Standalone Selling Price 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of accounting. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. The Company has contracts with customers that often include multiple performance obligations, usually including professional services sold with either individual or multiple subscriptions or perpetual licenses. For these contracts, the Company records individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct by allocating the contract's total transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount based on the relative standalone selling price SSP of each distinct good or service in the contract. We only include estimated amounts of variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. 
 Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. A residual approach is only applied in limited circumstances when a particular performance obligation has highly variable and uncertain SSP and is bundled with other performance obligations that have observable SSP. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. We determine the SSP based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, historical standalone sales, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within our contracts. 
 95 

million and million, respectively. 
 96 

years. The expected life of our customer relationships is based on historical data and management estimates, including estimated renewal terms and the useful life of the associated underlying technology. Commissions paid on renewal contracts are not commensurate with commissions paid on new customer contracts, as such, deferred commissions related to renewals are capitalized and amortized over the estimated contractual renewal term of months. We utilized the 'portfolio approach' practical expedient, which allows entities to apply the guidance to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics as the effects on the financial statements of this approach would not differ materially from applying the guidance to individual contracts. The portion of capitalized costs expected to be amortized during the succeeding twelve-month period is recorded as Deferred commissions, current, and the remainder is recorded as Deferred commissions, noncurrent, in our consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense is included in sales and marketing expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. Deferred commissions are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable consistent with the Company's long-lived assets policy as described in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . No indicators of impairment of deferred commissions were identified during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Capitalized deferred commissions Amortization of deferred commissions ) Deferred commissions balance at December 31, 2022 
 Commissions capitalized in excess of amortization of deferred commissions for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Deferred revenue represents either customer advance payments or billings for which the aforementioned revenue recognition criteria have not yet been met. 
 Deferred revenue is mainly unearned revenue related to subscription services and support services. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million and million of subscription services and professional services revenue, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balances at the beginning of the period. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022 we recognized million in revenue that was included in the acquired deferred revenue balance of our 2022 acquisitions as disclosed in Note 3. Acquisitions . 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the balance recognized thereafter. 
 Disaggregated Revenue 
 The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers by geography and revenue generating activity, as it believes it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 97 

United Kingdom Canada Other International Total subscription and support revenue Perpetual license: United States United Kingdom Canada Other International Total perpetual license revenue Professional services: United States United Kingdom Canada Other International Total professional service revenue Total revenue 

voluntary defined contribution retirement plan qualifying under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company made material contributions to the 401(k) plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 98 

United Kingdom Canada Other International Total identifiable long-lived assets 

agreements, as detailed below, with companies controlled by ESW Capital LLC ESW ), a non-management investor in the Company which historically held more than of the Company's capital stock. As of July 9, 2021, ESW s ownership in Upland was reduced to at which point DevFactory and Crossover (as hereinafter defined) were no longer considered related parties. 
 On March 28, 2017, the Company and DevFactory FZ-LLC DevFactory executed an amendment to the agreement to extend the initial term to December 31, 2021. Additionally, the Company amended the option for either party to renew annually for one additional year. The effective date of the amendment was January 1, 2017. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased software development services pursuant to a technology services agreement with DevFactory, in the amount of million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, amounts included in accounts payable owed to this company totaled . 
 
 The Company purchased services from Crossover, Inc. Crossover ), a company controlled by ESW Capital, LLC (a non-management investor) of approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Crossover provides a proprietary technology system to help the Company identify, screen, select, assign, and connect with necessary resources from time to time to perform technology software development and other services throughout the Company, and track productivity of such resources. As of December 31, 2021, amounts included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities owed to this company totaled million. 

99 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), has evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed, operated and managed, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Because of the inherent limitations of disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) . Based on that assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on those criteria. 
 The independent registered public accounting firm of Ernst Young LLP, as auditors of the Company s consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

100 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Upland Software, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Upland Software, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Upland Software, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Austin, Texas 
 February 28, 2023 

101 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Officers and Corporate Governance 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to the Company s directors, officers and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and any other persons performing similar functions. The text of our code of ethics, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, has been posted on our website at https://investor.uplandsoftware.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. We will provide a copy of the code of ethics without charge upon request to Corporate Secretary, Upland Software, Inc., 401 Congress Ave., Suite 1850, Austin, Texas 78701. 
 Additional information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement), under the headings Proposal One: Election of Directors, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Directors and Corporate Governance and Executive Officers. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the calendar year to which this report relates. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement, under the headings Executive Compensation and Directors and Corporate Governance-Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the calendar year to which this report relates. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the calendar year to which this report relates. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Directors and Corporate Governance-Director Independence. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the calendar year to which this report relates. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Proposal Two: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the calendar year to which this report relates. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 See Exhibit Index at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 102 

Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 This schedule has been omitted as the required information has been included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 103 

EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as currently in effect 
 10-K 001-36720 3.1 March 30, 2016 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Upland Software, Inc., effective February 3, 2020 
 8-K 001-36720 3.1 February 4, 2020 3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 001-36720 3.1 August 23, 2022 4.2 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 8-K 001-36720 4.2 February 24, 2022 10.1+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers 
 S-1 333-198574 10.2 October 27, 2014 10.2+ 
 Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan, as amended September 2, 2014 
 S-1 333-198574 10.3.1 September 4, 2014 10.3+ 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan (Standard) 
 S-1 333-198574 10.4 September 4, 2014 10.3.1+ 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan (Former ComSci, LLC Employees) 
 S-1 333-198574 10.4.1 September 4, 2014 10.3.2+ 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan (Executive) 
 S-1 333-198574 10.4.2 September 4, 2014 10.3.3+ 
 Form of Amendment to Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan with Certain Executives 
 S-1 333-198574 10.4.3 September 4, 2014 10.4+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement under Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan 
 S-1 333-198574 10.5 September 4, 2014 10.4.1+ 
 Form of Amendment to Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement under Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan 
 S-1 333-198574 10.5.1 September 4, 2014 10.5+ 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-198574 10.6 October 27, 2014 10.6+ 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-198574 10.7 October 27, 2014 10.6.1+ 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) 
 S-1 333-198574 10.7.1 October 27, 2014 10.7+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-198574 10.8 October 27, 2014 10.7.1+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) 
 S-1 333-198574 10.8.1 October 27, 2014 10.8+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-198574 10.9 October 27, 2014 10.8.1+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) 
 S-1 333-198574 10.9.1 October 27, 2014 10.9+ 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John T. McDonald, dated May 9, 2014 
 S-1 333-198574 10.12 September 4, 2014 10.11.2 
 Second Amendment to Office Lease between Registrant and CSHV-401 Congress LLC 
 10-K 001-36720 10.11.2 March 15, 2019 10.20+ 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Michael D. Hill, dated March 28, 2017 
 10-K 001-36720 10.21 March 30, 2017 10.2 1 + 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John T. McDonald, dated March 28, 2017 
 10-K 001-36720 10.23 March 30, 2017 10.2 2 + 
 Amendment #1 to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Michael D. Hill, dated March 28, 2017 
 10-K 001-36720 10.23 March 15, 2019 10.2 3 + 
 Amendment #1 to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John T. McDonald, dated March 28, 2017 
 10-K 001-36720 10.25 March 15, 2019 10.24 
 Credit Agreement by and among, inter alios, Upland Software, Inc., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch and the lenders party thereto Credit Agreement by and among, inter alios, Upland Software, Inc., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch and the lenders party thereto dated as of August 6, 2019 as of August 6, 2019 
 8-K 001-36720 10.1 August 7, 2019 
 104 

Incorporated by Reference 10.25 
 First Incremental Assumption Agreement by and among, inter alios, Upland Software, Inc. and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Agent and 2019 Incremental Lender, dated as of November 26, 2019 
 8-K 001-36720 10.1 November 26, 2019 10.27+ 
 Amendment #2 to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Michael D. Hill, dated March 28, 2017 
 10-K 001-36720 10.29 February 25, 2021 10.28+ 
 Amendment #2 to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John T. McDonald, dated March 28, 2017 
 10-K 001-36720 10.31 February 25, 2021 10.30+ 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Kin Gill, dated January 12, 2022 
 10-K 001-36720 10.33 February 24, 2022 10.31 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between Upland Software, Inc. and Ulysses Aggregator, LP, dated as of July 14, 2022 
 8-K 001-36720 10.1 July 14, 2022 10.32 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Upland Software, Inc. and Ulysses Aggregator, LP, dated as of August 23, 2022 
 8-K 001-36720 10.1 August 23, 2022 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Upland Software, Inc. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature pages hereto) 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 (1) 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 (1) 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

+ Indicates management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 (1) The material contained in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 105 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirement of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 28, 2023 Upland Software, Inc. By: /s/ John T. McDonald John T. McDonald Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints John T. McDonald and Michael D. Hill and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ John T. McDonald 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 February 28, 2023 John T. McDonald 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 /s/ Michael D. Hill 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 February 28, 2023 Michael D. Hill 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 /s/ Joe C. Ross 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 Joe C. Ross 
 /s/ David D. May 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 David D. May 
 /s/ Stephen E. Courter 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 Stephen E. Courter 
 /s/ Teresa M. Walsh 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 Teresa M. Walsh 
 /s/ David H.S. Chung 
 Director 
 February 28, 2023 David H.S. Chung 

106 

<EX-2.11>
 2
 a4q22exhibit211_listofsubs.htm
 EX-2.11

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Upland Software, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 

Upland Software Inc. 
 Upland Software UK Limited 
 Upland Software Australia Pty Ltd 
 Upland Software India Private Limited 
 Upland Software Ireland Limited 
 Return Fax 2000 Ltd. 
 Rapide Communications Ltd. 
 Rant & Rave Limited 
 Wire-E Limited 
 66099 Limited 
 Adestra Limited 
 Adestra Pty Limited 
 Altify, Ltd. 
 BlueVenn Group Limited 
 BlueVenn Group Holdings Limited 
 BlueDeveloper Limited 
 BlueVenn Holdings Limited 
 BlueVenn Limited 
 Upland AU Ops Pty Ltd 
 Objectif Lune Capture Inc. 
 Printsoft Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Printsoft Development 
 PrintSoft Products Pty Ltd. 
 Objectif Lune Asia Pty Ltd 
 Objectif Lune Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Upland Software B.V. 
 Objectif Lune France SAS 
 Objectif Lune GmbH 
 Objectif Lune Limited 

</EX-2.11>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 a4q22ex42-descriptionofcap.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 This section describes the general terms and provisions of the shares of our common stock, par value of 0.0001 per share, and preferred stock, par value of 0.0001 per share. This description is only a summary. Our restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws have been filed as exhibits to our periodic reports filed with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You should read our restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws for additional information before you buy any of our common stock, preferred stock or other securities. See Where You Can Find More Information. 
 Common Stock 
 We are authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 32,221,855 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our restated certificate of incorporation. This means that the holders of a majority of the shares voted can elect all of the directors then standing for election. Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine from time to time. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. We may issue preferred stock, in series, with such designations, powers, preferences and other rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions as our board of directors may authorize, without further action by our stockholders, including 
 the distinctive designation of each series and the number of shares that will constitute the series 
 the voting rights, if any, of shares of the series and the terms and conditions of the voting rights 
 the dividend rate on the shares of the series, the dates on which dividends are payable, any restriction, limitation or condition upon the payment of dividends, whether dividends will be cumulative, and the dates from and after which dividends shall accumulate 
 the prices at which, and the terms and conditions on which, the shares of the series may be redeemed, if the shares are redeemable 
 the terms and conditions of a sinking or purchase fund for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series, if such a fund is provided 
 any preferential amount payable upon shares of the series in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or upon the distribution of any of our assets and 
 the prices or rates of conversion or exchange at which, and the terms and conditions on which, the shares of the series may be converted or exchanged into other securities, if the shares are convertible or exchangeable. 
 The particular terms of any series of preferred stock, and the transfer agent and registrar for that series, will be described in a prospectus supplement. Any material United States federal income tax consequences and other special considerations with respect to any preferred stock offered under this prospectus will also be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 The issuance of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of our common stock or adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company, which could depress the market price of our common stock. 

Exhibit 4.2 

 Certain Provisions of Delaware Law and of the Charter and Bylaws 
 The provisions of Delaware law, our restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws described below may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. 
 Delaware Law. We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware regulating corporate takeovers. In general, those provisions prohibit a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 on or after the date the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Section 203 defines business combination to include the following 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by any of these entities or persons. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions either with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or in an amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws approved by its stockholders. However, we have not opted out, and do not currently intend to opt out of, these provisions. The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us. 
 Charter and Bylaws . Our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that 
 our bylaws may be amended or repealed only by a two-thirds vote of our board of directors or a two-thirds stockholder vote 
 no action can be taken by stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders called in accordance with our bylaws, and stockholders may not act by written consent 
 stockholders may not call special meetings of the stockholders or fill vacancies on the board 
 the approval of holders of two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors is required to amend or repeal the provisions of our certificate of incorporation regarding the inability of stockholders to take action by written consent 

Exhibit 4.2 

 our board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and 
 we will indemnify officers and directors against losses that they may incur in investigations and legal proceedings resulting from their services to us, which may include services in connection with takeover defense measures. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a4q22exhibit231-eyconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-267973, 333-243728) of Upland Software, Inc., (2) Registration Statement (Forms S-8 No. 333-263201, 333-253613, 333-236945, 333-230628, 333-223902, 333-217049, 333-211560, 333-203574 and 333-199961) pertaining to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and the Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan of Upland Software, Inc. 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Upland Software, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Upland Software, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Upland Software, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 

Austin, Texas 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a4q22exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John T. McDonald, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Upland Software, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s John T. McDonald John T. McDonald Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a4q22exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael D. Hill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Upland Software, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Michael D. Hill Michael D. Hill Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a4q22exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John T. McDonald, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s John T. McDonald John T. McDonald Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a4q22exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Hill, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Michael D. Hill Michael D. Hill Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 upld-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 upld-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 upld-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 upld-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 upld-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

