<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1355839_0001213900-23-022476.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4773522</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>234945</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>985799</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1042775</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1284531</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1104525</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022476.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323170040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022476
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PALTALK, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001355839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				203191847
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38717
		FILM NUMBER:		23756947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 JERICHO EXECUTIVE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400E
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 594-5050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 JERICHO EXECUTIVE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400E
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PeerStream, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Snap Interactive, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	eTwine Holdings, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022476.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_paltalkinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For The Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The registrant has included these items on the cover page but, in accordance with Release No.
 33-11126, is not completing the relevant check boxes as it is not yet required to have a policy under an applicable exchange listing
 standard. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock, par value 0.001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the common stock as
of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

As of March 20, 2023, the registrant had shares of common
stock outstanding. 

Excludes 641,963 shares of common stock that are held as treasury stock by Paltalk, Inc. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

The information required by Part III of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated by reference to the registrant s Definitive Proxy
Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates. 

PALTALK, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 27 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 39 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 39 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 39 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 40 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K
 Summary 
 43 

Signatures 
 44 

Unless the context otherwise indicates, references
to Paltalk, we, our, us and the Company refer to Paltalk, Inc.
and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Paltalk, our logo and other trademarks or
service marks appearing in this report are the property of Paltalk, Inc. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies
appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade
names included in this report are without the , or other applicable symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in
any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to
these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 

Unless otherwise indicated, operational metrics
such as those related to active users are based on internally-derived metrics for users across all platforms through which our applications
are accessed. 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as
 anticipate, assume, began, believe, budget, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, intend, 
 may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, 
 target, would and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in such statements, including, without limitation, the following: 

our ability to effectively
 market and generate revenue from our applications; 

our ability to generate
 and maintain active users and to effectively monetize our user base; 

our ability to update our
 applications to respond to rapid technological changes; 

the intense competition
 in the industry in which our business operates and our ability to effectively compete with existing competitors and new market entrants; 

our ability to consummate
 favorable acquisitions and effectively integrate any companies or properties that we acquire; 

the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic, any economic recission, and the overall inflationary environment on our results of operations and our business; 

the dependence of our applications
 on mobile platforms and operating systems that we do not control, including our heavy reliance on the platforms of Apple, Facebook
 and Google and their ability to discontinue, limit or restrict access to their platforms by us or our applications, change their
 terms and conditions or other policies or features (including restricting methods of collecting payments, sending notifications or
 placing advertisements), establish more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or develop applications or features
 that compete with our applications; 

our ability to develop,
 establish and maintain strong brands; 

our reliance on our executive
 officers and consultants; 

our ability to adapt or
 modify our applications for the international market and derive revenue therefrom; 

the ability of foreign
 governments to restrict access to our applications or impose new regulations; 

the reliance of our mobile
 applications on having a mobile data plan and/or Wi-Fi access to gain internet connectivity; 

the effect of security
 breaches, computer viruses and cybersecurity incidents; 

our reliance upon credit
 card processors and related merchant account approvals and the impact of chargeback liabilities that we may face from credit card
 processors; 

the possibility that our
 users or third parties may be physically or emotionally harmed following interaction with other users; 

our ability to obtain additional
 capital or financing when and if necessary, to execute our business plan, including through offerings of debt or equity or sale of
 any of our assets; 

ii 

the risk that we may face
 litigation resulting from the transmission of information through our applications; 

the effects of current
 and future government regulation, including tax laws and laws and regulations regarding the use of the internet, privacy, cybersecurity
 and protection of user data; 

the impact of any claim
 that we have infringed on intellectual property rights of others; 

our ability to protect
 our intellectual property rights; 

our ability to maintain
 effective internal controls over financial reporting; 

our ability to offset fees
 associated with the distribution platforms that host our applications; 

our reliance on internally
 derived data to accurately report user metrics and other measures of our performance; 

our ability to release
 new applications or improve upon or add features to existing applications on schedule or at all; 

our reliance on third-party
 investor relations firms to help create awareness of our Company and compliance by such third parties with regulatory requirements
 related to promotional reports; and 

our ability to attract
 and retain qualified employees and consultants. 

For a more detailed discussion of these and other
factors that may affect our business, see the discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report. We caution that the foregoing list of
factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business.
We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed
in this report, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Company Overview 

We are a leading communications software innovator
that powers multimedia social applications. Our product portfolio includes Paltalk, Camfrog and Tinychat, which together host one of
the world s largest collections of video-based communities. Our other products include ManyCam and Vumber. ManyCam is a live streaming
software and virtual camera that allows users to deliver professional live videos on streaming platforms, video conferencing apps and
distance learning tools. Vumber is a telecommunications services provider that enables users to communicate privately by having multiple
phone numbers with any area code through which calls can be forwarded to a user s existing telephone number. We have an over 20-year
history of technology innovation and hold 10 patents. 

We were incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware in 2005. Our principal executive office is located at 30 Jericho Executive Plaza Suite 400E, Jericho, NY 11753. 

Our Services and Products 

We operate a leading network of consumer applications
that we believe create a unique social media enterprise where users can meet, see, chat, broadcast and message in real time in a secure
environment with others in our network. Our consumer applications generate revenue principally from subscription fees and advertising
arrangements. 

We believe that the scale of our user base presents
a competitive advantage in the video social networking industry and provides growth opportunities to advance our existing products with
up-sell opportunities and build future brands with cross-sell offers. We also believe that our proprietary consumer app technology platform
can scalably support large communities of users in activities such as video, voice and text chat, online card games and board games and
provide robust user monetization tools. 

Our continued growth depends on attracting new
consumer application users through the introduction of new applications, features and partnerships and further penetration of our existing
markets. Our principal growth strategy is to invest in the development of proprietary software, expand our sales and marketing efforts
with respect to such software, and increase our consumer application user base through potential platform partnerships and new and existing
advertising campaigns that we run through internet and mobile advertising networks, all while balancing the capital needs of the business.
Our strategy also includes acquiring, or investing in technologies, solutions or business that complement our business and cross-selling
them to additional synergistic businesses. 

Our strategy is to approach these opportunities
in a measured way, being mindful of our resources and evaluating factors such as potential revenue, time to market and amount of capital
needed to invest in the opportunity. 

Consumer Applications 

We operate a leading network of consumer applications
that create a unique social media enterprise where users can meet, see, chat, broadcast, play online card games and board games and message
in real time in a secure environment with others in our network. The proprietary technology underlying our products allows us to operate
thousands of simultaneous streams, including on mobile platforms, which support interactions on a one-on-one, one-to-many and many-to-many
basis. Furthermore, our technology is supported by a portfolio of 10 issued patents. 

Live Video Chat . We have three existing
products in the video chat space: Paltalk, Camfrog and Tinychat. Our major revenue-generating live video chat products are Paltalk and
Camfrog. Each product enables individuals to self-organize around topics and users with common affinities. Tinychat enables adaptations
of our video technology for use in alternative markets, focused on a younger demographic user base. 

1 

Paltalk and Camfrog are both leading providers
of live video social networking applications available on Windows, Mac OS, iOS, Android and other tablet devices. Together, these products
power one of the world s largest global collections of video-based communities, with proprietary technology to host thousands of
simultaneous live group conversations on topics such as politics, financial markets, music and dating. Our proprietary client server
technology helps maintain high quality video and audio, even as many users simultaneously watch a particular broadcaster. Paltalk and
Camfrog both attract a demographically and geographically diverse user base, with users in over 180 different countries. Paltalk users
are approximately one-third domestic and two-thirds international, and Camfrog users have an even larger international presence, with
a particular concentration in Southeast Asia. 

Live Streaming Software. In 2022, we acquired
ManyCam, a live streaming software and virtual camera that allows users to deliver professional live videos on streaming platforms, video
conferencing apps and distance learning tools. The ManyCam software provides multiple camera feeds, backgrounds and effects while also
enabling users to share presentations, spreadsheets and documents. 

Telecommunications . We own and operate
a small telecommunications services provider called Vumber that enables users to have multiple phone numbers in any area code through
which calls can be forwarded to a user s existing cell phone or land line telephone number. Vumber serves both the retail and small
business community. Vumber not only allows individuals to communicate while protecting privacy, but also gives business professionals
the ability to add a new business line with any chosen area code to their cell phones. Vumber provides an in-depth data analytics platform
that can track, record and analyze calls to gain new insights into one s business. 

Product Payment Options . Our users have
a variety of methods by which to purchase product subscriptions across all of our platforms. Users can pay by credit card, PayPal, Western
Union, check, local e-wallet providers, or complete an in-app purchase through the Apple App Store or Google Play Store for Android users. 

Apple retains generally up to 30 of the revenue
that is generated from sales on our iPhone applications through in-app purchases in the United States. Google also retains generally
up to 30 of the revenue that is generated from sales on Android applications via Google wallet through in-app purchases in the United
States. 

All of our credit card transactions are processed
through various payment providers. Video chat users in certain international territories also have an option to purchase through local
resellers. Local resellers prepay in bulk for services and debit the prepaid balance as one-time subscriptions and virtual currency are
sold to end users. Regardless of which payment method is utilized, users may access our products through any of the gateways we offer. 

Technology Services 

Technology service revenue was historically generated
under service and partnership agreements that we negotiated with third parties, which included development, integration, engineering,
licensing or other services that we provided. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
we recorded technology service revenue in connection with our agreement to serve as a launch partner with Open Props, Inc. (formerly
YouNow, Inc., and referred to herein as YouNow and to integrate YouNow s props infrastructure (the Props
platform into our Camfrog and Paltalk applications (as amended, the YouNow Agreement ). 

Pursuant to the terms of the YouNow Agreement,
once the integration of Props tokens into our Paltalk and Camfrog applications was completed, we began receiving Props tokens for providing
a validator service and for allowing users to participate in the loyalty platform. The loyalty platform was intended to drive engagement
and incentivize users financially by providing users with the ability to earn Props tokens while using the Paltalk and Camfrog applications.
The net revenue earned was recorded under technology service revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
The total net revenue value was recognized as earned. 

We determined the fair value of the Props tokens
using observable daily quoted market prices on multiple international exchanges, as recorded on CoinmarketCap. 

2 

In August 2021, we received notice from YouNow
that it was terminating the YouNow Agreement, and that it would no longer support the Props platform past the end of calendar year 2021.
The YouNow Agreement was terminated effective on November 23, 2021. We expect that the majority of our future technology service revenue,
if any, will result from opportunistic collaborations with third parties, however, any such collaborations are not a primary focus for
the Company. 

Company Business Strategy 

User Growth Through Marketing Efforts 

Our continued growth depends on attracting new
consumer application users through the introduction of new applications, features and partnerships and further penetration of our existing
markets. Our principal growth strategy is to invest in the development of proprietary software, expand our sales and marketing efforts
with respect to such software, and increase our consumer application user base through potential platform partnerships and new and existing
advertising campaigns that we run through internet and mobile advertising networks, all while balancing the capital needs of the business. 

Our strategy is to approach these opportunities
in a measured way, being mindful of our resources and evaluating factors such as potential revenue, time to market and amount of capital
needed to invest in the opportunity. 

During 2022, we engaged two marketing agencies
to help us drive consumer engagement through the Paltalk and Camfrog applications, but we subsequently scaled back the marketing agencies 
efforts in the fourth quarter of 2022 in response to the overall macro-economic environment. 

Enhance Existing Live Video Chat Applications 

We plan to enhance our existing live video chat
applications, which we anticipate will include several initiatives intended to improve usage and revenue potential. We plan to add incentives
for loyal or valuable users to enhance retention and overall user activity in the products. We also intend to improve our product and
marketing capabilities on mobile, to enhance monetization and our ability to acquire new users on mobile platforms. In addition, we expect
to increase the quality and quantity of live streaming entertainment content and broaden the distribution across our user base. Finally,
we plan to continue integrating certain technical functions of Paltalk and Camfrog, which will reduce operating costs and speed time-to-market
of future enhancements. 

In 2021, we launched our new rewards loyalty
program, Paltalk Rewards Points, and added 25 new reward tiers such as specialty coins, subscriptions, stickers, flair, and other popular
buttons. Also in 2021, we launched a real-time asynchronous message board feature, the Paltalk Feed , which grants users
the ability to interact with the platform without a live video cam. The Paltalk Feed allows our users to comment, add photos or videos
and contribute to conversations around shared interests on a digital message board. 

During the first quarter of 2022, we integrated
Hive Automated Content Moderation Solutions Hive into our Paltalk and Camfrog platforms in an effort to enhance our user
experience by reducing spam and objectionable content on our applications. Furthermore, during the second quarter of 2022, we acquired
and introduced the ManyCam software on our platforms, which provides multiple camera feeds, backgrounds and effects while also enabling
users to share presentations, spreadsheets and documents. We subsequently released updates to the ManyCam software to provide quicker
access, dark and light modes and overall rendering performance improvement for high resolution users as well as improved quality and
performance with regard to virtual backgrounds. 

3 

Private Rooms and Online Games 

On January 12, 2021, we launched a private room
functionality on our Paltalk platform in beta version. In private rooms, users are able to set up their own unique URL private room that
can be used again and again. Users are able to invite up to twelve friends to video chat for unlimited use, unlike other similar offerings
which have a 40-minute time out for free users. Private rooms are currently available on our desktop application, Android platforms and
the iOS platform. We are optimistic that our users will take advantage of this new feature due to its audio and video fidelity and expect
that as the feature gains popularity, these users will utilize other paid services offered by us. Additionally, users can play online
card games and board games such as poker, blackjack, gin rummy, bridge, and chess on the Paltalk platform. In 2022, we continued to develop
our online game offerings as we launched our mobile backgammon game enabling Paltalk users to play with friends, other users or privately
with real-time voice and video. 

Defend our Intellectual Property 

We have a portfolio of 10 issued patents. We
have successfully defended certain of our intellectual property in the past and have generated tens of millions of dollars in licensing
fees for the use of our patents. We intend to continue defending our intellectual property rights. 

Marketing Strategy 

We invest in advertising and marketing primarily
for the purpose of acquiring users for our consumer applications. We adapt our marketing expenditures and channels as we gather the data
to analyze the success of our campaigns. We primarily advertise through internet and mobile advertising networks and run hundreds of
campaigns at any given time, targeting various audiences of users, and focusing on campaigns that we believe will produce a positive
return over the lifetime of new users. We also generate new sign-ups organically, as people find our sites and applications through brand
recognition and word of mouth, search engines and product review websites. 

During 2022, we engaged two marketing agencies
to help us drive consumer engagement through the Paltalk and Camfrog applications, but we subsequently scaled back the marketing agencies 
efforts during the fourth quarter of 2022 in response to the overall macro-economic environment. 

Competition and Our Industry 

Competition in our industry remains fierce. The
market for consumer applications is extremely dynamic and is undergoing constant change. We believe this environment creates significant
opportunities for us as well as our direct and indirect competitors. Our principal competitors are BIGO Live, Cisco Webex, Facebook Live,
Google Meet, Houseparty, Instagram Live, Live.ly, Live.me, Microsoft Teams, Skype, Twitch, YouTube Live and Zoom. 

Many of our competitors have substantially greater
financial, managerial, technological and other resources than we do. In addition, there are relatively few barriers to entry into the
consumer applications industry, and, as a result, any organization that has adequate financial resources and access to technical expertise
and skilled personnel may become one of our competitors. 

In order to compete effectively, we seek to
offer software, services and applications that are differentiated from existing products, superior in quality and more appealing
than those of our competitors. We believe that our applications compete favorably against those offered by our competitors due to
their ability to scale, their cost-efficiency and their innovative technology. We also believe that we have the tools and expertise
that may enable us to attract new users through Facebook and other sources at a lower cost per subscriber than certain of our
traditional competitors. 

Although we believe we have the capability to
compete effectively in the consumer applications industry, our competitors may offer products, services and applications that we do not
provide, and that may have more desirable features or may be offered at lower prices, and they may be able to devote greater resources
to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products. In addition, many of our competitors have more extensive customer
bases and broader customer relationships than we have, including relationships with our potential customers. 

4 

Governmental Regulations 

We are subject to a number of U.S. federal
and state laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the internet, many of which are still evolving and being
litigated in the courts and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These laws and regulations may involve user
privacy, data protection, content, intellectual property, distribution, electronic contracts, competition, wiretapping, biometrics,
online tracking, protection of minors, consumer protection, taxation and online payment services. In particular, we are subject to
federal and state laws regarding privacy and protection of user data, which are constantly evolving and can be subject to
significant change. We are also subject to diverse and evolving laws and regulations in other countries in which we operate. The
application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving
industry in which we operate. Because our applications are accessible worldwide and used by residents of some foreign countries,
foreign jurisdictions may claim that we must comply with foreign laws, even in jurisdictions in which we have no local business
entity, employees or infrastructure. 

We are also subject to federal laws and regulations
regarding online content, user privacy and electronic marketing, including The Communications Decency Act of 1996, as amended.The Children s
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as amended, The Video Privacy Protection Act of 1998 VPPA ), The Digital Millennium
Copyright Act, The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, as amended, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the Controlling the Assault
of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, among others. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act limits
our liability as an online service provider for linking to or hosting third-party content that infringes copyrights. The Communications
Decency Act provides statutory protections to online service providers like us who distribute third-party content. The VPPA restricts
digital video providers from disclosing to third parties personally identifiable information that is tied to the titles of consumers 
viewed videos. The Children s Online Privacy Protection Act restricts the ability of online service providers to collect personal
information from children under 13. Congress, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and many states have promulgated laws
and regulations regarding email advertising, including the CAN-SPAM Act. Any changes in these laws or judicial interpretations narrowing
the protections of these laws may subject us to increased risk, increased costs of compliance, and limits on the operation of certain
parts of our business. 

Growing public concern about privacy and the
use of personal information may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny. Regulation related to treatment of user data by online services
is evolving as several U.S. state governments have recently adopted new, or modified existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy
and the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data. These state laws include, for example: the California Consumer Protection
Act CCPA ), the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which became effective on January 1, 2023, the Virginia
Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the
Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the New York Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic Data Security SHIELD Act. 

The European Union implemented a privacy regulation
called the Global Data Protection Regulation GDPR that imposes additional regulatory scrutiny on our processing of personal
data from in the European Economic Area, with possible financial consequences for noncompliance of up to 4 of our worldwide revenues. 

In addition, virtually every U.S. state has passed
laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach resulting in unauthorized disclosure of certain types of personal
information, many of which are modeled on California s Information Practices Act. There are a number of legislative proposals pending
before the U.S. Congress and various state legislative bodies concerning data protection that could, if adopted, have an adverse effect
on our business. We are unable to determine if and when such legislation may be adopted. Many other jurisdictions, including the European
Union, have adopted breach notification and other data protection notification laws designed to inform users of unauthorized disclosure
of personally identifiable information. The introduction of new privacy and data breach laws and the interpretation of existing privacy
and data breach laws in the United States, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions is constantly evolving. There is a risk that new laws
may be introduced or that existing laws may be applied in a way that would conflict our current data protection practices or prevent
the transfer of data between countries in which we operate. 

5 

In addition, rising concern about the use of
social networking technologies for illegal conduct may in the future produce legislation or other governmental action that could require
changes to our applications or restrict or impose additional costs upon the conduct of our business. These regulatory and legislative
developments, including excessive taxation, may prevent or significantly limit our ability to expand our business. 

Furthermore, some of the video card games that
we offer on our Paltalk application are based upon traditional casino games, such as poker and blackjack. We have structured and operate
these games and features with gambling laws in mind and believe that these games and features do not constitute gambling. Our games are
intended to be for entertainment purposes only and do not offer an opportunity to win earnings outside of the platform. 

Employees 

As of March 15, 2023, we had no part-time employee
and 19 full-time employees. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our continued ability to hire, assimilate and retain
qualified personnel. We attract and retain employees by offering training, bonus opportunities, competitive salaries and a comprehensive
benefits package. 

Company Internet Site and Availability of SEC Filings 

Our corporate website is located at www.paltalk.com .
We make available on that site, as soon as reasonably practicable, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, proxy
statements, Current Reports on Form 8-K, other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, as well as any amendments to those filings.
Our SEC filings, as well as our Code of Conduct and other corporate governance documents, can be found in the Investor Relations section
of our site and are available free of charge. Amendments to our Code of Conduct and any grant of a waiver from a provision of the Code
of Conduct requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules will be disclosed on our website. Information on our website is not part of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding us and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Below is a summary of our risk factors with a
more detailed discussion following. The risks below are those that we believe are the material risks that we currently face but are not
the only risks facing us and our business. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

The success of our consumer
 applications is principally dependent on our active users and our engagement with our user base. 

We operate in an intensely
 competitive industry and any failure to attract new users could diminish or suspend our development and possibly cease our operations. 

The online live video industry
 is characterized by rapid technological change and the development of enhancements and new applications, and if we fail to keep pace
 with technological developments or launch new applications, our business may be adversely affected. 

We may make or attempt
 to make acquisitions in the future, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute our stockholders
 and seriously harm our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our revenues,
 results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business may be significantly
 affected by a change in the economy, including any resulting effect on consumer or business spending. 

We may be adversely affected
 by the effects of inflation. 

6 

Our mobile applications
 are substantially dependent on interaction with mobile platforms and operating systems that we do not control. 

Our business depends on developing, establishing and
 maintaining strong brands. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our brands, we may be unable to expand or retain our active user
 and paying subscriber bases. 

Our future success is dependent, in part, on the performance
 and continued service of our executive officers. Without their continued service, we may be forced to interrupt or eventually cease
 our operations. 

We plan to continue expanding our operations internationally
 and may be subject to increased business and economic risks that could seriously harm our business. 

Foreign governments restricting access to our applications
 could materially adversely impact our business. 

If our goodwill or other
 intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings, which could seriously harm our
 operating results. 

Our mobile applications
 rely on high-bandwidth data capabilities, which are subject to hardware, networks, regulations and standards that we do not control. 

Security breaches, computer
 viruses and cybersecurity incidents could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have faced, and we expect
 that we will continue to face, chargeback liability when our credit card providers resolve chargebacks in favor of their customers.
 We cannot accurately anticipate the extent of these liabilities, and if not properly addressed, these liabilities could increase
 our operating expenses or preclude us from accepting certain credit cards as a method of payment, either of which would materially
 adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We face certain risks related to the physical and emotional
 safety of users and third parties. 

Our subscription metrics
 and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may seriously
 harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business. 

Because we recognize revenue
 from subscriptions over the term of the subscription, the full impact of downturns or upturns in subscription sales may not be immediately
 reflected in our results of operations or financial condition. 

A portion of our revenue is dependent on third-party
 resellers, the efforts of which we do not control. 

Our business depends in
 large part upon the availability of cost-effective advertising space through a variety of media and keeping pace with trends in consumer
 behavior. 

Interruption, maintenance
 or failure of our programming code, servers or technological infrastructure could hurt our ability to effectively provide our applications,
 which could damage our reputation and harm our results of operations. 

We may be liable as a result of information retrieved
 from or transmitted over the internet. 

Changes in laws or regulations,
 including laws and regulations that impact the use of the internet, such as internet neutrality laws, or laws that relate to content
 provided over the internet or monitoring such content, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Changes in tax laws could
 materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

7 

If we are subject to intellectual
 property infringement claims, it could cause us to incur significant expenses, pay substantial damages or royalties and prevent us
 from offering our applications. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property
 rights, we may be unable to compete with competitors developing similar technologies. 

If we fail to maintain
 an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
 or prevent fraud and our business may be harmed and our stock price may be adversely impacted. 

Our common stock is historically
 thinly traded, stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all and the price of our common stock may be volatile. 

The ownership of our common
 stock is significantly concentrated in a small number of investors, some of whom are affiliated with our Board of Directors and management,
 which could prevent stockholders from having input on the course of our operations or otherwise lead to actual or potential conflicts
 of interest. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

The success of our consumer applications
is principally dependent on our active users and our engagement with our user base. 

On an annual basis the Company has millions of
users, however, compared to the total number of users in any given period, only a small portion of our users are active users or purchasers
of virtual currency. We primarily generate revenue through the sale of subscriptions and virtual currency to this small portion of users
and secondarily generate revenue through paid advertisements. Accordingly, the success of our consumer applications is substantially
dependent on our ability to convert our users into active users and to sell our users virtual currency. 

Users discontinue the use of our applications
in the ordinary course of business, and to sustain our revenue levels, we must attract, retain and increase the number of users or more
effectively monetize our existing users. Falling user retention, growth or engagement could also make our applications less attractive
to advertisers, which could harm our business. 

There are a number of factors that could negatively
impact user retention, growth and engagement, including, among other things: 

users may adopt competing
 products instead of ours; 

we may fail to introduce
 new products and services or improve upon our existing applications, or those new products and services or improvements we introduce
 may be poorly received; 

our products may fail to
 operate effectively on mobile or other platforms; 

we may be unable to combat
 spam or other hostile or inappropriate usage on our products or free speech; 

there may be adverse changes
 in user sentiment about the quality or usefulness of our existing products; 

there may be concerns about
 the privacy implications, safety or security of our products; 

technical or other problems
 may frustrate the experience of our users, particularly if those problems prevent us from delivering our products in a fast and reliable
 manner; 

we may fail to provide
 adequate service to our users; 

we or other companies in
 our industry may be the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity; 

8 

we may not maintain our
 brand image or our reputation may be damaged; and 

we may be subject to denial
 of service or other attacks from hackers that result in service downtime. 

To retain existing users, and particularly those
users who are paying subscribers, we must devote significant resources so that our applications retain their interest. If we fail to
grow or sustain the number of our users, or if the rates at which we attract and retain existing users declines or the rate at which
users become paying subscribers declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

We operate in an intensely competitive
industry and any failure to attract new users could diminish or suspend our development and possibly cease our operations. 

The industry in which we compete is highly competitive
and has few barriers to entry. If we are unable to efficiently and effectively attract new users as a result of intense competition or
a saturated market, we may not be able to continue the provision, development and enhancement of our consumer applications or become
profitable on a consistent basis in the future. 

Important factors affecting our ability to successfully compete include: 

the usefulness, novelty,
 performance, ease of use, and reliability of our consumer applications compared to our competitors; 

the timing and market acceptance
 of our consumer applications, including developments and enhancements of our competitors consumer applications; 

our ability to effectively
 monetize our consumer applications and the availability of free or cheaper alternatives from our competitors; 

our ability to hire and
 retain talented employees, including technical employees, executives, and marketing experts; 

the success of our customer
 service and support efforts; 

our reputation and brand
 strength compared to our competitors; 

competition for acquiring
 users that could result in increased user acquisition costs; 

reliance upon the platforms
 through which our consumer applications are accessed and the platform owner s ability to control our activities on such platforms; 

the effectiveness of the
 marketing and advertisement of our services and consumer applications; 

our ability to maintain
 advertisers interest in advertising through our consumer applications; 

our ability to innovate
 in the ever-changing consumer applications industry in which we operate; 

changes as a result of
 new legislation or regulation within the consumer applications industry; and 

acquisitions or consolidations
 within the consumer applications industry. 

Many of our current and potential competitors
offer similar services, have longer operating histories, significantly greater capital, financial, technical, marketing and other resources
and larger user or subscriber bases than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to more quickly respond to new or emerging technologies
and changes in client or consumer preferences. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake
more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing strategies that may allow them to build larger user bases consisting
of greater numbers of clients or paying users. Our competitors may develop applications and software that are equal or superior to our
applications and software or that achieve greater market or industry acceptance. It is possible that a new application developed or offered
by one of our competitors could gain rapid scale at the expense of existing brands through harnessing a new technology or distribution
channel, creating a new approach to servicing clients or connecting people. 

9 

Certain entities that we do not directly compete
with but that have large or dominant positions in one or more markets could use those positions to gain a competitive advantage against
us by integrating competing video chat or social media platforms into products they control, such as search engines, web browsers or
mobile device operating systems. 

Costs for consumers to switch between products
in the video chat industry are generally low, and consumers have a propensity to try new products to connect with new people. As a result,
new entrants and business models are likely to continue to emerge in our industry. These activities could attract users and subscribers
away from our applications and reduce our market share. 

If we are unable to effectively compete, we may
fail to obtain new clients for our products or our users may discontinue the use of our products and we may lose active users, either
of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The online live video industry is characterized
by rapid technological change and the development of enhancements and new applications, and if we fail to keep pace with technological
developments or launch new applications, our business may be adversely affected. 

The online live video industry is characterized
by rapid change, and our future success is dependent upon our ability to adopt and innovate. To attract new users and increase revenues
from existing users, we need to enhance, add new features to and improve our existing applications and introduce new applications in
the future. The success of any enhancements or new features and applications depends on several factors, including timely completion,
introduction and market acceptance. Building a new brand or product is generally an iterative process that occurs over a meaningful period
of time and involves considerable resources and expenditures, and we may expend significant time and resources developing and launching
an application that may not result in revenues in the anticipated timeframe or at all or may not result in revenue growth that is sufficient
to offset increased expenses. If we are unable to successfully develop enhancements, new features or new applications to meet user trends
and preferences, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, our applications are designed to
operate on a variety of network, hardware and software platforms using internet tools and protocols and we need to continuously modify
and enhance our applications to keep pace with technological changes. If we are unable to respond in a timely and cost-effective manner,
our current and future applications may become less marketable and less competitive or even obsolete. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect
our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 

The World Health Organization declared COVID-19
a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and the various attempts to contain it have created significant
volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. The various precautionary measures taken by many governmental authorities around the
world in order to limit the spread of COVID-19 have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on the global markets and its
economy, including on the availability and pricing of employees and resources, and other aspects of the global economy. Therefore, the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could disrupt and cause delays in our software, disrupt the marketplace in which we operate, slow down
the overall economy, curtail consumer spending, make it hard to adequately staff our operations or enter into agreements with independent
contractors and have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, disruptions in the operations of the third parties with
whom we do business have caused and could in the future cause such third parties to fail to perform under their respective contracts
or commitments with us. 

10 

Despite recent progress in the administration
of COVID-19 vaccines and the relaxation of governmental response measures, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and any subsequent
outbreaks continue to impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Our business may be significantly affected
by a change in the economy, including any resulting effect on consumer or business spending. 

Our business may be affected by changes in the
economy generally, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, any resulting effect on spending by our customers, and inflation.
While some of our customers may consider our applications to be a cost-saving purchase, others may view a subscription to our applications
as a discretionary purchase, and our customers may reduce their discretionary spending on our platform during an economic downturn. Given
current economic conditions, including inflation, we could experience a reduction in demand and loss of customers. Moreover, while we
continue to add paid users to our customer base, our user growth may continue to slow or decline as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
continues to taper, particularly in light of a potential economic downturn. 

Our mobile applications are substantially
dependent on interaction with mobile platforms and operating systems that we do not control. 

A portion of our revenue, primarily our revenue
from mobile platforms, is derived from the Apple iOS platform and the Google Android platform. Although we believe that we have a good
relationship with Apple and Google, any deterioration in our relationship with either could materially harm our business, results of
operations or financial condition. 

We are subject to each of Apple s and Google s
standard terms and conditions for application developers, which govern the promotion, distribution and operation of our applications
on their respective storefronts. Each of Apple and Google has broad discretion to change its standard terms and conditions. In addition,
these standard terms and conditions can be vague and subject to changing interpretations by Apple or Google. In addition, each of Apple
and Google has the right to prohibit a developer from distributing applications on the storefront if the developer violates the standard
terms and conditions. In the event that either Apple or Google ever determines that we are in violation of its standard terms and conditions
and prohibits us from distributing our applications on its storefront, it could materially harm our business, results of operations or
financial condition. 

The number of people who access the internet
through devices other than personal computers, including smart phones, cell phones and handheld tablets, has increased dramatically in
the past several years and is projected to continue to increase. Accordingly, we are substantially dependent on interoperability with
popular mobile platforms that we do not control, including the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, and a portion of our revenue
is derived from these two digital storefronts. There have been occasions in the past when these digital storefronts were unavailable
for short periods of time or where there have been issues with the in-App purchasing functionality from the storefront. In the event
that either the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store is unavailable or if in-App purchasing functionality from the storefront is
non-operational for a prolonged period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

In addition, each of the Apple App Store and
Google Play Store provides consumers with products that compete with ours. If either of these platforms give preferential treatment to
competitive products, it could seriously harm the usage of our products on mobile devices. 

Our business depends on developing, establishing
and maintaining strong brands. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our brands, we may be unable to expand or retain our user and
paying subscriber bases. 

We believe that developing, establishing and
maintaining awareness of our application brands is critical to our efforts to achieve widespread acceptance of our applications and is
an important element to expanding our client and subscriber bases. Successful promotion of our application brands will depend largely
on the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing efforts and on our ability to provide reliable and useful applications at competitive
prices. If clients and users do not perceive our products to be of high quality, or if our products are not favorably received by clients
and users, the value of our brands could diminish, thereby decreasing the attractiveness of our software, services and applications to
clients and users. In addition, advertising and marketing activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased
revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brands. 

11 

If we fail to successfully promote and maintain
our application brands, or incur substantial expenses in unsuccessfully attempting to promote and maintain our brands, we may fail to
attract enough new clients or subscribers or retain our existing clients and subscribers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient
return on our advertising and marketing activities, and it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

If our goodwill or other intangible assets
become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings, which could seriously harm our operating results. 

We are required to test goodwill for impairment
at least annually or more frequently if there are indicators that the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its carried value. As of
December 31, 2022, we had recorded a total of 6.3 million of goodwill and 3.6 million of other intangible assets. An adverse change
in domestic or global market conditions, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of our critical assumptions or estimates
made in connection with the impairment testing of goodwill or intangible assets, could result in a change to the estimation of fair value
that could, in turn, result in an impairment charge to our goodwill or other intangible assets. If we divest or discontinue product categories
or products that we previously acquired, or if the value of those parts of our business become impaired, we also may need to evaluate
the carrying value of our goodwill. Any such material charges may have a negative impact on our operating results. 

Our future success is dependent, in part,
on the performance and continued service of our executive officers. Without their continued service, we may be forced to interrupt or
eventually cease our operations. 

We are dependent to a great extent upon the experience,
abilities and continued service of Jason Katz, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Kara B. Jenny,
our Chief Financial Officer and director. The loss of the services of these individuals would substantially affect our business or operations
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our subscription metrics and other estimates
are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may seriously harm and negatively
affect our reputation and our business. 

We regularly review metrics to evaluate growth
trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions. These metrics are calculated using internal Company data and have not
been validated by an independent third party. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user
base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our products are used across large populations
globally. 

Some of our demographic data may be incomplete
or inaccurate. For example, because users self-report their dates of birth, our age-demographic data may differ from our users 
actual ages. If our users provide us with incorrect or incomplete information regarding their age or other attributes, our estimates
may prove inaccurate. 

In addition, our business strategy is guided
by data analytics that we compute internally based on data collection, data processing, cloud-based platforms, statistical projections
and forecasting, mobile computing, social media analytics and other applications and technologies. We use these internally derived data
analytics to guide decisions concerning the development and modification of features on our applications, monetization strategies for
our applications and the development of new applications, among other things. 

The inability to accurately derive our metrics
or data analytics could result in incorrect business decisions and inefficiencies. For instance, if a significant understatement or overstatement
of our active users were to occur, we may expend resources to implement unnecessary business measures or fail to take required actions
to attract a sufficient number of subscribers to satisfy our growth strategies. If advertisers or investors do not perceive our subscription,
geographic or other demographic metrics to be accurate representations of our user base, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our
subscription, geographic or other demographic metrics, our reputation may be seriously harmed. At the same time, advertisers may be less
willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our products, which could seriously harm our business, results of operation or financial
condition. 

12 

Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions
over the term of the subscription, the full impact of downturns or upturns in subscription sales may not be immediately reflected in
our results of operations or financial condition. 

We recognize subscription revenue from customers
monthly over the term of the subscription, and subscriptions are generally offered in one-, six- and twelve-month terms, depending on
the particular product. As a result, much of the subscription revenue we report in each period is deferred revenue from subscription
agreements entered into during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter will negatively
affect our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we might not be able to immediately adjust our costs and expenses to reflect these
reduced revenues. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in user acceptance of our applications may not be fully reflected
in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to quickly increase our revenue
through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new subscribers must be recognized over the term of the subscription. As a result,
you should not rely on the amount of subscription revenue generated in prior quarters as an indication of future results. 

We plan to continue expanding our operations
internationally and may be subject to increased business and economic risks that could seriously harm our business. 

Presently, we derive a significant portion of
revenue from international territories, and we plan to continue expanding our business operations abroad. In addition, we rely on outsourced
development services from companies with employees and consultants based in Russia, India and elsewhere. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia
has escalated tensions among the United States, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states, and Russia. The United States,
other North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states, as well as non-member states, have imposed sanctions against Russia and certain
Russian banks, enterprises and individuals. These and any future additional sanctions and any resulting conflict between Russia, the
United States and other countries may, on a short term, disrupt, or in the future could disrupt, the consulting services provided by
our third-party developers residing in Russia. This conflict may increase our costs with respect to any current or future planned development
services in Russia or could result in negative publicity. 

We may enter new international markets where
we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling and deploying our products. If we fail to deploy or manage our operations in international
markets successfully, our business may suffer. As our international operations increase our operating results may become more greatly
affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which we do business. In addition, we are subject to a variety of
risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 

political, social, and
 economic instability; 

risks related to the legal
 and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy, free speech and unexpected changes in laws,
 regulatory requirements, and enforcement; 

potential damage to our
 brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship and requirements to provide user information
 to local authorities; 

fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates; 

higher levels of credit
 risk and payment fraud; 

complying with multiple
 tax jurisdictions; 

reduced protection for
 intellectual-property rights in some countries; 

difficulties in staffing
 and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure and compliance costs associated with multiple international
 locations; 

regulations that might
 add difficulties in repatriating cash earned outside the United States and otherwise preventing us from freely moving cash; 

import and export restrictions
 and changes in trade regulation; 

13 

complying with statutory
 equity requirements; 

complying with the U.S.
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions; 

the impact of the United
 Kingdom s exit from the European Union; and 

export controls and economic
 sanctions administered by the Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security and the Treasury Department s Office of
 Foreign Assets Control. 

If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity
of our global operations successfully, our business could be seriously harmed. 

A portion of our revenue is dependent on third-party resellers,
the efforts of which we do not control. 

We are dependent on the efforts of third parties
who resell our subscriptions for a portion of our revenue. In particular, video chat users in certain international territories have
an option to purchase subscriptions through local resellers. These local resellers prepay in bulk for services and debit the prepaid
balance as one-time subscriptions and virtual currency are sold to end users. 

We do not control the efforts of these resellers.
If they fail to market or sell our subscriptions successfully, merge or consolidate with other businesses, declare bankruptcy or depart
from their respective industries, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to maintain or replace our contractual relationships
with resellers, efficiently manage our relationships with them or establish new contractual relationships with other third parties, we
may fail to retain subscribers or acquire potential new subscribers and may experience delays and increased costs in adding or replacing
subscribers that were lost, any of which could materially affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Foreign governments restricting access to our applications could
materially adversely impact our business. 

We have continued to focus on increasing the
international presence of our applications by expanding the localized and translated versions for additional international countries
that are culturally aligned with our products. Foreign data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation, and other laws
and regulations are often more restrictive than those in the United States. Foreign governments may censor our products in their countries,
restrict access to our products from their countries entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect their citizens ability
to access our products for an extended period of time or even indefinitely. If foreign governments think we are violating their laws,
or for other reasons, they may seek to restrict access to our products, which would give our competitors an opportunity to penetrate
geographic markets that we cannot access. As a result, our ability to grow our international user base would be impaired, and we may
not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated and our business could be seriously harmed. 

Our mobile applications rely on high-bandwidth
data capabilities, which are subject to hardware, networks, regulations and standards that we do not control. 

Our mobile applications require high-bandwidth
data capabilities. If the costs of data usage increase or access to cellular networks is limited, our user growth and retention on mobile
platforms may be seriously harmed. Additionally, to deliver high-quality video and other content over mobile cellular networks, our products
must work well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, regulations and standards that we do not control, and any changes
to those mobile technologies, systems, networks, regulations or standards could impact the usability of our mobile applications, which
would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

14 

Our business depends, in large part, upon
the availability of cost-effective advertising space through a variety of media and keeping pace with trends in consumer behavior. 

We depend upon the availability of advertising
space through a variety of media, including third-party applications on platforms such as Facebook, to recruit new users and subscribers,
generate activity from existing users and subscribers and direct traffic to our applications. Historically, we have had to increase our
marketing expenditures in order to attract and retain users and sustain our growth. For example, during 2022, we engaged two marketing
agencies to help us drive consumer engagement through the Paltalk and Camfrog applications. The availability of advertising space varies,
and a shortage of advertising space in any particular media or on any particular platform, or the elimination of a particular medium
on which we advertise, could limit our ability to generate new subscribers, generate activity from existing subscribers or direct traffic
to our applications, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, evolving consumer behavior can affect the availability of profitable marketing opportunities. For example, as consumers
communicate less via email and more via text messaging and other virtual means, the reach of email campaigns designed to attract new
and repeat users (and retain current users) for our applications is adversely impacted. To continue to reach potential users and grow
our business, we must devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to newer advertising channels, which may be unproven and undeveloped,
and we may not be able to continue to manage and fine-tune our marketing efforts in response to these trends. Any future marketing efforts
may be ineffective or inadequate to attract potential users or retain existing users. 

Interruption, maintenance or failure of
our programming code, servers or technological infrastructure could hurt our ability to effectively provide our applications, which could
damage our reputation and harm our results of operations. 

The availability of our applications depends
on the continued operation of our programming code, databases, servers and technological infrastructure. Any damage to, or failure of,
our systems could result in interruptions in service for our applications, which could damage our brands and have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from terrorist
attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts
to harm our systems. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. 

In addition, from time to time we experience
limited periods of server downtime due to maintenance or enhancements. If our applications are unavailable during these periods of downtime
or if our users are unable to access our applications within a reasonable amount of time, users may not return to our applications in
the future, or at all. As our user base and the volume and types of information shared on our applications continues to grow, we will
need an increasing amount of technology infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our users 
needs. It is possible that we may fail to effectively scale and grow our technology infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands.
Any failure to support and scale our technology infrastructure could adversely impact the reputation of our brands and harm our results
of operations. 

Security breaches, computer viruses and
cybersecurity incidents could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We receive, process, store and transmit a significant
amount of personal user and other confidential information, including credit card information, and enable our users to share their personal
information with each other. In some cases, we retain third party vendors to store this information. We continuously develop and maintain
systems to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of this information, but cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized
use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information despite our efforts. If
any such event were to occur, we may not be able to remedy the event, and we may have to expend significant capital and resources to
mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. 

Security breaches, computer malware and cybersecurity
incidents have become more prevalent in our industry and may occur on our systems in the future. Although it is difficult to determine
what, if any, harm may directly result from an interruption or attack, any security breach caused by hacking, including efforts to gain
unauthorized access to our applications, servers or websites, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software,
hardware or other computer equipment, and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations. If a breach of our security (or the security of our vendors and partners) occurs, the perception of the effectiveness
of our security measures and our reputation may be harmed, we could lose current and potential users and the recognition of our various
brands and their competitive positions could be diminished, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

15 

Spammers may attempt to use our products to send
targeted and untargeted spam messages to users, which may embarrass or annoy users and make our products less user friendly. We cannot
be certain that the technologies that we have developed to repel spamming attacks will be able to eliminate all spam messages from our
products. Our actions to combat spam may also require diversion of significant time and focus of our engineering team from improving
our products. As a result of spamming activities, our users may use our products less or stop using them altogether, and result in continuing
operational cost to us. 

Similarly, terror and other criminal groups may
use our products to promote their goals and encourage users to engage in terror and other illegal activities. We expect that as more
people use our products, these groups will increasingly seek to misuse our products. Although we invest resources to combat these activities,
including by suspending or terminating accounts we believe are violating our Terms of Service, we expect these groups will continue to
seek ways to act inappropriately and illegally on our products. Combating these groups requires our engineering team to divert significant
time and focus from improving our products. In addition, we may not be able to control or stop our products from becoming the preferred
application of use by these groups, which may become public knowledge and seriously harm our reputation or lead to lawsuits or attention
from regulators. If these activities increase, our reputation, user growth and user engagement, and operational cost structure could
be seriously harmed. Furthermore, many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents
involving certain types of personal data. Such laws are inconsistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we adopted
a work-from-home policy in March 2020, and we expect this practice to continue for the foreseeable future. Remote work and remote access
increase our vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks. We may see an increase in cyberattack volume, frequency and sophistication driven
by the global enablement of remote workforces. We seek to detect and investigate unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network,
products and services and to prevent their recurrence where practicable through changes to our internal processes and tools and changes
or updates to our products and services; however, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. In some instances,
we and the users of our applications can be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. Moreover, globally there has been an
increase in cybersecurity attacks since Russia invaded Ukraine. The risk of state-supported and geopolitical-related cyber-attacks may
increase in connection with the war in Ukraine and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses. We may not discover
all such incidents or activity or be able to respond or otherwise address them promptly, in sufficient respects or at all. 

Our existing general liability insurance coverage
and the coverage we carry for cyber-related liabilities may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or be available in sufficient
amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion
of one or more large claims against us that are not covered or exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our
insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our business. 

We have faced, and we expect that we will
continue to face, chargeback liability when our credit card providers resolve chargebacks in favor of their customers. We cannot accurately
anticipate the extent of these liabilities, and if not properly addressed, these liabilities could increase our operating expenses or
preclude us from accepting certain credit cards as a method of payment, either of which would materially adversely affect our results
of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on the ability to accept credit and
debit card payments from our subscribers and our ability to maintain the good standing of our merchant account with our credit card providers
to process subscription payments. In the event that one of our customers initiates a billing dispute and one of our credit card providers
resolves the dispute in the customer s favor, the transaction is normally charged back to us and the purchase price is credited
or otherwise refunded to the customer. In addition, under current credit card practices, a merchant is liable for fraudulent credit card
transactions when, as is the case with the transactions we process, that merchant does not obtain a cardholder s signature. 

We have suffered losses and we expect that we
will continue to suffer losses as a result of subscriptions placed with fraudulent credit card data, as well as users who chargeback
their purchases. Any failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions or keep our chargebacks under an acceptable threshold
would result in significantly higher credit card-related costs and, therefore, materially increase our operating expenses. 

16 

We face certain risks related to the physical and emotional
safety of users and third parties. 

We cannot control the actions of our users in
their communications or physical actions. There is a possibility that users or third parties could be physically or emotionally harmed
following interaction with another user. We warn our users that we do not screen other users and, given our lack of physical presence,
we do not take any action to ensure personal safety on a meeting between users or subscribers arranged following contact initiated via
our applications or ensure personal safety of our users against self-harming following contact with other users initiated via our applications.
If an unfortunate incident of this nature occurred in a meeting of two people following contact initiated on our applications or that
of one of our competitors, any resulting negative publicity could materially and adversely affect us or the online video chat industry
in general. Any such incident involving our applications could damage our reputation and our brand, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, the affected users or third parties could initiate
legal action against us, which could divert management attention from operations, cause us to incur significant expenses, whether we
are successful or not, and damage our reputation. 

We may need additional capital to execute
our business plan. If we do not obtain additional financing, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

We might need to raise additional capital or
financing through debt or equity offerings to support our expansion, marketing efforts and application development programs in the future.
For instance, we might require additional capital or financing to: 

hire and retain talented
 employees, including technical employees, executives, and marketing experts; 

effectuate our long-term
 growth strategy and expand our application development programs; and 

market and advertise our
 applications to attract more paying subscribers. 

We may be unable to obtain future capital or
financing on favorable terms or at all. If we cannot obtain additional capital or financing, we may need to reduce, defer or cancel application
development programs, planned initiatives, marketing or advertising expenses or costs and expenses. The failure to obtain necessary additional
capital or financing on favorable terms, if at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

If the distribution of our products through
application stores increases, we may incur additional fees from the developers of application stores. 

As the user base of our consumer applications
continues to shift to mobile solutions, we increasingly rely on the Apple iOS and Google Android platforms to distribute our products.
While our products are free to download from these stores, we offer our users the opportunity to purchase paid memberships and certain
premium features through our products. We determine the prices at which these memberships and features are sold and, in exchange for
facilitating the purchase of these memberships and features through our products to users who download our products from these stores,
we pay Apple or Google, as applicable, a share, which is currently up to 30 of the revenue we receive from these transactions. In the
future, other distribution platforms that we utilize may charge us fees for the distribution of our applications. If the distribution
of our products through application stores increases, the amount of fees that we must pay to the developers of these application stores
will also increase. Unless we find a way to offset these fees, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

17 

We may make or attempt to make acquisitions
in the future, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute our stockholders and seriously harm
our business. 

As part of our business strategy, we have made
and intend to make acquisitions to add specialized employees and complementary companies, products and technologies. In the future, we
may not be able to find other suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if
at all. Our previous and future acquisitions may not achieve our goals, and any future acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively
by users, advertisers or investors. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams, or integrate the
products and technologies associated with these acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously harmed. Any integration
process may require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. We may not successfully
evaluate or use the acquired products, technology and personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction,
including accounting charges. We may also incur unanticipated liabilities that we assume as a result of acquiring companies. We may have
to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any acquisition, any of which could negatively impact our business and
financial condition. Issuing equity to finance any such acquisitions would also dilute our existing stockholders. Incurring debt would
increase our fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 

We may conduct a portion of our operations
through informal relationships, partnerships, strategic alliances or joint ventures, and our failure to continue such relationships or
resolve any material disagreements with these third parties could have a material adverse effect on the success of these operations,
our financial condition and our results of operations. 

We may conduct a portion of our operations through
partnerships, strategic alliances or joint ventures and therefore we may depend on third parties for elements of these arrangements that
are important to the success of the relationship, such as the development of features or technologies to be incorporated into our applications.
The performance of these third-party obligations or the ability of third parties to meet their obligations under these arrangements would
be outside of our control. If these third parties do not meet or satisfy their obligations under these arrangements, the performance
and success of these arrangements, and their value to us, would be adversely affected. If our current or future partners are unable to
meet their obligations, we may be forced to undertake the obligations ourselves and/or incur additional expenses in order to have some
other party perform such obligations. In such cases we may also be required to seek legal enforcement of our rights, the outcome of which
would be uncertain. If any of these events occur, they may adversely impact us, our financial performance and results of operations,
and/or adversely impact our ability to enter into similar relationships in the future. 

Strategic arrangements with third parties could involve risks not
otherwise present when we directly manage our operations, including, for example: 

third parties may share
 certain approval rights over major decisions within the scope of the relationship; 

the possibility that these
 third parties might become insolvent or bankrupt; 

the possibility that we
 may incur liabilities as a result of an action taken by one of these third parties; 

these third parties may
 be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; and 

disputes between us and
 these third parties may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses, delay or terminate projects and prevent
 our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. 

18 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

We may be liable as a result of information retrieved from or
transmitted over the internet. 

We may be sued for defamation, civil rights infringement,
negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, invasion of privacy, personal injury, product liability or under other legal theories
relating to information that is published or made available on our websites or applications. These types of claims have been brought,
sometimes successfully, against online services in the past. We also offer messaging services on our applications and we send emails
directly and through third parties to our users, which may subject us to potential risks, such as liabilities or claims resulting from
unsolicited email or spamming, lost or misdirected messages, security breaches, illegal or fraudulent use of email or personal information
or interruptions or delays in email service. Our insurance does not specifically provide for coverage of these types of claims and, therefore,
may be inadequate to protect us against them. In addition, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims,
even if we ultimately are not held liable. If any of these events occur, our revenue could be materially adversely affected or we could
incur significant additional expense, and the market price of our securities may decline. 

Changes in laws or regulations, including
laws and regulations that impact the use of the internet, such as internet neutrality laws, or laws that relate to content provided over
the internet or monitoring such content, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

The adoption of any laws or regulations that
adversely affect the growth or use of the internet, including laws governing internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products
and increase our cost of doing business. In January 2018, the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC released an order
that repealed the open internet rules, often known as net neutrality, which prohibit internet providers in
the United States from impeding access to most content, or otherwise unfairly discriminating against content providers like us. These
rules also prohibited mobile providers from entering into arrangements with specific content providers for faster or better access over
their data networks. The FCC order repealing the open internet rules went into effect in June 2018. In response to this decision, California
and a number of states implemented their own net neutrality rules which largely mirrored the repealed federal regulations. The U.S. Department
of Justice DOJ has filed suit to bar implementation of these state laws and their application remains uncertain. For
instance, on February 8, 2021, the DOJ voluntarily dismissed its suit against California s net neutrality bill. We cannot predict
the outcome of similar litigation or whether the FCC order or state initiatives regulating providers will be modified, overturned, or
vacated by other legal action, federal legislation, or the FCC, or the degree to which this repeal would adversely affect our business,
if at all. The European Union similarly requires equal access to internet content. If the FCC, Congress, the European Union or courts
modify these open internet rules, mobile providers may be able to limit our users ability to access our applications or make our
applications a less attractive alternative to our competitors applications, which could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, it is possible that a number of
additional laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us, including gambling laws. Some of the video card games that
we offer on our Paltalk application are based upon traditional casino games, such as poker and blackjack. We have structured and operate
these games and features with gambling laws in mind and believe that these games and features do not constitute gambling. Our games are
offered for entertainment purposes only and do not offer an opportunity to win real money. However, our video card games could in the
future become subject to gambling-related laws and regulations and expose us to civil and criminal penalties. If were to become subject
to such laws and regulations, we might be required to seek licenses, authorizations or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting
of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements, and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight,
such as reporting to regulators, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations
or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States, Europe or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth
of video card game services and impair our business. 

19 

Changes in tax laws could materially affect
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate
under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. For example, the Inflation Reduction
Act (the IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022 and will become effective beginning in fiscal 2023. The IRA imposes
a 1 excise tax on certain share repurchases occurring after December 31, 2022 (including, potentially pursuant to our Stock Repurchase
Program (as defined herein)). We do not currently expect that the IRA will have a material impact on our income tax liability. We are
unable to predict what changes to the tax laws of the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect
such changes would have on our business. Any significant increase in our future effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

If there are changes in laws or regulations
regarding privacy and the protection of user data, or if we fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we may face claims brought
against us by regulators or users that could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

State, federal and international laws and regulations
govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data that we receive from and about our users. These laws can be particularly
restrictive in certain states and in countries outside of the United States. In addition, the application and interpretation of these
laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industries in which we operate. 

The European Union has implemented a privacy
regulation called the GDPR that imposes a high level of regulatory scrutiny on our business processing of personal data from the
European Economic Area, with possible financial consequences for noncompliance of up to 4 of our worldwide revenues. 

The FTC regularly investigates and brings enforcement
actions against companies that have used personally identifiable information in a deceptive or unfair manner or in violation of a posted
privacy policy. If we are accused of violating the terms of our privacy policy, implementing unfair privacy practices or otherwise breaching
data privacy laws, we may be forced to expend significant financial and managerial resources to defend against an action by the FTC,
European Data Protection Authorities, or other state or federal enforcement agencies. Our user database holds the personal information
of our users and subscribers residing in the United States and other countries, and we could be sued by those users if any of the information
is misused or misappropriated. 

Growing public concern about privacy and the
use of personal information may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny. Regulations related to treatment of user data by online
services are evolving as several U.S. state governments have recently adopted new, or modified existing, laws and regulations addressing
data privacy and the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data. These state laws include, for example: CCPA, the CPRA,
which became effective on January 1, 2023, and expands upon the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy
Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the New York SHIELD
Act. In addition, every U.S. state has passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach resulting in unauthorized
disclosure of certain types of personal information, many of which are modeled on California s Information Practices Act. There
are a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress and various state legislative bodies concerning data protection
that could, if adopted, have an adverse effect on our business. We are unable to determine if and when such legislation may be adopted. 

Many other jurisdictions, including the European
Union, have adopted breach notification and other data protection notification laws designed to inform users of unauthorized disclosure
of personally identifiable information. The introduction of new privacy and data breach laws and the interpretation of existing privacy
and data breach laws in the United States, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions is constantly evolving. There is a risk that new laws
may be introduced or that existing laws may be applied in a way that would conflict our current data protection practices or prevent
the transfer of data between countries in which we operate. Future laws and regulations with respect to the collection, compilation,
use and publication of information and consumer privacy could result in limitations on our operations, increased compliance or litigation
expense, adverse publicity or loss of revenue, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

20 

Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply
with such laws and regulations, including FTC requirements or industry self-regulatory principles, could result in proceedings or actions
against us by governmental entities or others, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. As a result of such a
failure, or perceived failure, we may be subject to a claim or class-action lawsuit regarding our online services. The successful assertion
of a claim against us, or a regulatory action against us, could result in significant monetary damages, diversion of management resources
and require us to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses. Any claims with respect to violation of privacy or
misappropriation of user data brought against us may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

It is also possible that we could be prohibited
from collecting or disseminating certain types of data, which could affect our ability to meet our users needs. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

If we are unable to protect our intellectual
property rights, we may be unable to compete with competitors developing similar technologies. 

Historically, our defense of our intellectual
property rights has been a significant aspect of our business and has meaningfully contributed to our results of operations. Accordingly,
our success and ability to compete are often dependent upon the development of intellectual property for our applications. 

We aim to protect our confidential proprietary
information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with all our employees, consultants,
advisors and any third parties who access or contribute to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology. We also rely on trademark,
copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain-name-protection laws to protect our proprietary rights. We have filed various applications
to protect aspects of our intellectual property, and we currently hold a number of issued patents. In the future we may acquire additional
patents or patent portfolios, which could require significant cash expenditures. However, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly
infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent
applications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which
we operate or intend to operate our business. 

In any of these cases, we may be required to
expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. Although we have taken measures to protect our
proprietary rights, others may offer products or concepts that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. If we
are unable to protect our proprietary rights or prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and
other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations.
Any of these events could seriously harm our business. 

If we are subject to intellectual property
infringement claims, it could cause us to incur significant expenses, pay substantial damages or royalties and prevent us from offering
our applications. 

From time to time, third parties may claim that
our applications infringe or violate their intellectual property rights. Any claims of infringement could cause us to incur significant
expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages and prevent us from using licensed technology
that may be fundamental to our applications. Even if we were to prevail, any litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly
and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. We maintain insurance to
protect against intellectual property infringement claims and resulting litigation, but such insurance may not cover or may not be sufficient
to cover all potential claims, liability or expenses. We may also be obligated to indemnify our business partners in any such litigation,
which could further exhaust our resources. Furthermore, as a result of an intellectual property challenge, we may be prevented from offering
our applications unless we enter into royalty, license or other agreements. We may not be able to obtain such agreements at all or on
terms acceptable to us, and as a result, we may be precluded from offering our applications and services. 

21 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is historically thinly
traded, stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all and the price of our common stock may be volatile. 

Historically, shares of our common stock were
thinly traded on the OTCQB and have usually been thinly traded following our uplist to The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ),
meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively
small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that is
relatively unknown to stock analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence
sales volume. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent,
as compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales
without an adverse effect on stock price. 

However, during certain periods we have received,
and may continue to receive, a high degree of media coverage that is published or otherwise disseminated by third parties, including
blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media. This may include coverage that is not attributable to statements made by
the Company or our Board of Directors. Information provided by third parties may not be reliable or accurate and could materially impact
the trading price of our common stock which could cause stockholders to lose their investments. 

The market prices and trading volume of our common
stock have recently experienced, and may continue to experience, extreme volatility, which could cause purchasers of our common stock
to incur substantial losses. We believe that the recent volatility and our current market prices reflect market and trading dynamics
unrelated to our underlying business, or macro or industry fundamentals, and we do not know if these dynamics will continue. 

Although our common stock is listed for trading
on Nasdaq, a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained, and the current trading
level of our common stock may not be sustained. Due to these conditions, stockholders may be unable to sell their common stock at or
near ask prices or at all if they desire to sell shares of common stock. 

The stock markets in general have experienced
substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations
may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, especially in light of the macro-economic factors including rising inflation
rates, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s
securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted,
could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability
and reputation. 

Because of the limited trading market for our
common stock, and because of the possible price volatility, stockholders may not be able to sell their shares of common stock when you
desire to do so. The inability to sell shares in a rapidly declining market may substantially increase the risk of loss because of such
illiquidity and because the price for our common stock may suffer greater declines because of its price volatility. 

The ownership of our common stock is significantly
concentrated in a small number of investors, some of whom are affiliated with our Board of Directors and management, which could prevent
stockholders from having input on the course of our operations or otherwise lead to actual or potential conflicts of interest. 

As of March 15, 2023, Jason Katz, our Chairman
of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and President, beneficially owned approximately 38 of our
outstanding common stock, including shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Katz s spouse, and The J. Crew Delaware Trust A,
a trust formed by Mr. Katz for the benefit of certain of his family members. Mr. Katz is not a beneficiary of the trust and does not
hold voting or dispositive power over the shares held by the trust. 

22 

Mr. Katz, The J. Crew Delaware Trust A and others
that have significant beneficial ownership of our common shares have substantial influence regarding matters submitted for stockholder
approval, including proposals regarding: 

any merger, consolidation
 or sale of all or substantially all of our assets; 

the election of members
 of our Board of Directors; and 

any amendment to our Certificate
 of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ). 

The current or increased ownership position of
any of these stockholders and/or their respective affiliates could delay, deter or prevent a change of control or adversely affect the
price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common shares. In addition, the interests of these stockholders and/or
their respective affiliates may significantly differ from the interests of our other stockholders and they may vote the common shares
they beneficially own in ways with which our other stockholders disagree. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud and our
business may be harmed and our stock price may be adversely impacted. 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. Any inability to provide reliable financial
reports or to prevent fraud could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires management
to evaluate and assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In order to continue to comply with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to continuously evaluate and, where appropriate, enhance our policies, procedures and internal
controls. We have in the past failed, and may in the future fail, to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting.
Such failure could subject us to litigation or regulatory scrutiny and investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports. We cannot provide any assurance that in the future we will be able to fully comply with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or that management will conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we fail to
fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our business may be harmed, and our stock price may decline. 

Our results of operations are volatile
and difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we fail to meet the expectations of stockholders. 

Our revenue and results of operations could vary
significantly from period-to-period and year-to-year and may fail to match our past performance because of a variety of factors, many
of which are outside of our control. Any of these events could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate. Factors that
may contribute to the variability of our results of operations include: 

changes in expectations
 as to our future financial performance; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or capital commitments; 

market acceptance of our
 new applications and enhancements to our existing applications; 

the amount of advertising
 and marketing that is available and spent on user acquisition campaigns; 

disruptions in the availability
 of our applications on third party platforms; 

23 

actual or perceived violations
 of privacy obligations and compromises of subscriber data; 

the entrance of new competitors
 in our market whether by established companies or the entrance of new companies; 

additions or departures
 of key personnel and the cost of attracting and retaining application developers and other software engineers; 

general market conditions,
 including market volatility and the impact of inflation; and 

developments in connection with our current patent litigation
or future patent litigation. 

Given the rapidly evolving industry in which
we operate, our historical results of operations may not be useful in predicting our future results of operations. In addition, metrics
available from third parties regarding our industry and the performance of our applications may not be indicative of our future financial
performance. 

We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 

Increased inflation may result in decreased demand
for our products and services, increased operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced liquidity, and limitations on our ability
to access credit or otherwise raise debt and equity capital. In addition, the United States Federal Reserve has raised, and may continue
to raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government
spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks.
In an inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the prices of our subscriptions at or above the rate at which our costs increase,
which could/would reduce our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and net income. We also may experience
lower than expected sales and potential adverse impacts on our competitive position if there is a decrease in consumer spending or a
negative reaction to our pricing. A reduction in our revenue would be detrimental to our profitability and financial condition and could
also have an adverse impact on our future growth. 

The issuance of shares upon the exercise
of stock options and unvested shares of restricted common stock may cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
792,055 shares of common stock that were issuable upon the exercise of vested outstanding stock options. The issuance of shares upon
the exercise of these options may result in substantial dilution to the equity interest and voting power of holders of our common stock. 

In the future, we may also issue additional shares
of common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock. Our Certificate of Incorporation currently
authorizes us to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 9,864,120 were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which includes
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, preferences and rights as determined by our Board of Directors, of which
none were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The issuance of additional shares of our common stock may substantially dilute the ownership
interests of our existing stockholders. Furthermore, sales of a substantial amount of our common stock in the public market, or the perception
that these sales may occur, could reduce the market price of our common stock. This could also impair our ability to raise additional
capital through the sale of our securities. 

Because we have no current plans to pay
cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, a stockholder might not receive any return on investment unless the stockholder
sold its shares of common stock for a price greater than that for which the shares were purchased. 

We do not anticipate that we will declare or
pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders will only realize an economic gain on their
investment in our common stock if the price appreciates. Stockholders should not purchase our common stock expecting to receive cash
dividends. Because we currently do not pay dividends, and there may be limited trading in our common stock, stockholders may not have
any manner to liquidate or receive any payment on their common stock. Therefore, our failure to pay dividends may cause stockholders
to not see any return on their common stock even if we are successful in our business operations. In addition, because we do not pay
dividends, we may have trouble raising additional funds which could affect our ability to expand our business operations. 

24 

Our Certificate of Incorporation designates
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may
be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes
with us or our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that,
subject to limited exceptions, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of our Company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer, employee, agent, or stockholder of our Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) action asserting a
claim against the Company or any director, officer, employee, agent, or stockholder of the Company arising pursuant to any provision
of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended, or (iv)
action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer, employee, agent, or stockholder of the Company governed by the
internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be
deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. 

This exclusive forum provision applies to state
and federal law claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, this exclusive forum selection provision will not apply to claims under the Exchange
Act. Moreover, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to
enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce our forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act.
This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers
and employees. 

Investor relations activities, nominal
 float and supply and demand factors may affect the price of our common stock. 

We have engaged an investor relations firm to
create investor awareness for our Company. These campaigns may include non-deal road shows and personal, video and telephone conferences
with investors and prospective investors in which our business and business practices are described. We provide compensation to our investor
relations firm, and may in the future provide compensation to additional investor relations firms or financial advisory firms, for these
services, and pay for newsletters, websites, mailings and email campaigns that are produced by third parties based upon publicly available
information concerning us. We do not intend to review or approve of the content of such analyst reports or other writings and communications
that are based upon analysts own research or methods. Investor relations firms are generally required to disclose when they are
compensated for their efforts and the source of such compensation, but whether such disclosure is made or in compliance with applicable
laws is not under our control. In addition, our investors may, from time to time, take steps to encourage investor awareness through
similar activities that may be undertaken at the expense of such investors. Investor awareness activities may also be suspended or discontinued,
which may impact the trading market of our common stock. 

The SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority enforce various statutes and regulations intended to prevent manipulative or deceptive devices in connection with the purchase
or sale of any security and carefully scrutinize trading patterns and company news and other communications for false or misleading information,
particularly in cases where the hallmarks of pump and dump activities may exist, such as rapid share price increases or
decreases. We and our stockholders may be subjected to enhanced regulatory scrutiny due to the fact that our affiliates hold a majority
of our outstanding common stock and we have a limited number of shares of common stock that are publicly available for resale. 

25 

The Supreme Court of the United States has stated
that manipulative action is a term of art connoting intentional or willful conduct designed to deceive or defraud investors by controlling
or artificially affecting the price of securities. Often times, manipulation is associated by regulators with forces that upset the supply
and demand factors that would normally determine trading prices. Securities regulators have often cited thinly-traded markets, small
numbers of holders and awareness campaigns as components of their claims of price manipulation and other violations of law when combined
with manipulative trading, such as wash sales, matched orders or other manipulative trading timed to coincide with false or touting press
releases. There can be no assurance that our activities or the activities of third parties, or the small number of potential sellers
or small percentage of stock in our public float, or determinations by purchasers or holders as to when or under what circumstances or
at what prices they may be willing to buy or sell stock, will not artificially impact (or would be claimed by regulators to have affected)
the normal supply and demand factors that determine the price of our common stock. 

If we are not able to comply with the applicable
continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq, Nasdaq could delist our securities. 

Our common stock was approved for listing on
Nasdaq under the symbol PALT and began trading on Nasdaq on August 3, 2021. We cannot assure our stockholders that our
securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and
other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements,
minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. We may not be able to comply
with the applicable listing standards and Nasdaq could delist our securities as a result. 

We cannot assure our stockholders that our common
stock, if delisted from Nasdaq, will be listed on another national securities exchange. If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, our
common stock would likely trade on the OTCQB where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our shares or obtain accurate quotations
as to the market value of our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive office is located at
30 Jericho Executive Plaza in Jericho, New York 11753. The lease for the 30 Jericho Executive Plaza office space expires on November
30, 2024. We currently do not own any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On July 23, 2021, a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Paltalk Holdings, Inc., filed a patent infringement lawsuit against WebEx Communications, Inc.,
Cisco WebEx LLC, and Cisco Systems, Inc. (collectively, Cisco ), in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of
Texas. The Company alleges that Cisco s Webex products have infringed U.S. Patent No. 6,683,858, and that the Company is entitled
to damages. 

A Markman hearing took
place on February 24, 2022. On September 7, 2022, the United States Patent Office issued a reexamination of U.S. Patent No. 6,683,858,
and on January 19, 2023, the Examiner issued an Ex Parte Reexamination Certificate, ending the reexamination
and confirming the patentability of claims 1-10 of U.S. Patent No. 6,683,858. Trial is now scheduled for early third quarter
of 2023. 

To our knowledge, other than as described above,
there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the
symbol PALT. 

Holders 

As of March 15, 2023, there were approximately
52 holders of record of our common stock. This does not reflect the number of persons or entities who held stock in nominee or street
name through various brokerage firms. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities
during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not previously reported on a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form
8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The following table details our repurchases of common stock during
the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) 

October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 170,009 
 1.48 
 170,009 
 1.48 
 
 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 
 80,974 
 1.49 
 80,974 
 1.49 
 
 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 36,736 
 1.44 
 36,736 
 1.44 
 
 Total 
 287,719 
 1.48 
 287,719 
 1.48 

(1) 
 On March 23,
 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan, effective March 29, 2022, to repurchase up to 1,750,000
 of our outstanding common stock for cash. The stock repurchase plan expires on March 29, 2023. 

ITEM 6. Reserved 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

27 

Forward-Looking Statements 

In addition to historical financial information,
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking
Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a leading communications software innovator
that powers multimedia social applications. Our product portfolio includes Paltalk, Camfrog and Tinychat, which together host one of
the world s largest collections of video-based communities. Our other products are ManyCam and Vumber. ManyCam is a live streaming
software and virtual camera that allows users to deliver professional live videos on streaming platforms, video conferencing apps and
distance learning tools. Vumber is a telecommunications services provider that enables users to communicate privately by having multiple
phone numbers with any area code through which calls can be forwarded to a user s existing telephone number. We have an over 20-year
history of technology innovation and hold 10 patents. 

We believe that the scale of our user base presents
a competitive advantage in the video social networking industry and provides growth opportunities to advance our existing products with
up-sell opportunities and build future brands with cross-sell offers. We also believe that our proprietary consumer app technology platform
can scalably support large communities of users in activities such as video, voice and text chat, online card games and board games and
provide robust user monetization tools. 

Our continued growth depends on attracting new
consumer application users through the introduction of new applications, features and partnerships and further penetration of our existing
markets. Our principal growth strategy is to invest in the development of proprietary software, expand our sales and marketing efforts
with respect to such software, and increase our consumer application user base through potential platform partnerships and new and existing
advertising campaigns that we run through internet and mobile advertising networks, all while balancing the capital needs of the business.
Our strategy also includes the acquisition of, or investment in, technologies, solutions or businesses that complement our business. 

Our strategy is to approach these opportunities
in a measured way, being mindful of our resources and evaluating factors such as potential revenue, time to market and amount of capital
needed to invest in the opportunity. 

Background of Presentation and Recent Developments 

Stock Repurchase Plan 

On March 23, 2022, we announced that the Board
of Directors of the Company approved a stock repurchase plan for up to 1,750,000 of the Company s outstanding common stock (the
 Stock Repurchase Plan ). The Stock Repurchase Plan is effective as of March 29, 2022 and expires on the one-year anniversary
of such date. Shares may be repurchased from time-to-time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated
transactions or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws, including Rule 10b5-1 programs, and the Stock Repurchase Plan
may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased was determined by a committee
of the Board of Directors at its discretion and depends on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common
stock, general market and economic conditions, alternative investment opportunities and other corporate considerations. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased a total of 604,808 at an average share price of 1.65 per share. 

28 

ManyCam Asset Acquisition 

On June 9, 2022 (the Effective Date ),
we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, ManyCam ULC,
an unlimited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Alberta and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the
 Purchaser ), Visicom Media Inc., a Canadian corporation Visicom ), and 2434936 Alberta ULC, an unlimited liability
company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Alberta Target NewCo ), pursuant to which the Purchaser purchased,
effective as of the Effective Date, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Target NewCo (the ManyCam Acquisition ).
Prior to the ManyCam Acquisition, Target NewCo held all assets related to, or used by Visicom in connection with, the business of developing
and distributing virtual webcam driver software, including virtual backgrounds and/or masks or other camera effects (other
than the Excluded Contracts (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)), whether tangible or intangible, including, but not limited
to, Target NewCo s ManyCam software ManyCam and related source code, customer lists, customer relationships and
all associated customer information, contracts with contractors and suppliers, brand names, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names, designs,
copyrights, websites, all URLs, goodwill and intellectual property associated with each of the foregoing (collectively, the Conveyed
Assets ). 

The Purchaser acquired the Conveyed Assets for
a cash purchase price of 2.7 million (the Cash Consideration ). In addition to the Cash Consideration, Visicom is entitled
to receive an additional payment of up to 600,000 (the Earn-Out Payment based on the sales of the ManyCam software less
chargebacks and refunds Gross Sales in the six-month period following the closing (the Earn-Out Period as follows: (i) if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period are greater than 800,000, the Earn-Out Payment shall be 600,000, (ii)
if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period are greater than 700,000 but less than 800,000, the Earn-Out Payment shall be 300,000,
(iii) if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period are greater than 600,000 but less than 700,000, the Earn-Out Payment shall be 150,000
and (iv) if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period do not exceed 600,000, then Visicom will not be paid any portion of the Earn-Out
Payment. 

On June 30, 2022, we entered into a License Agreement
with Visicom (the License Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to distribute, at the discretion and direction of Visicom,
a specified number of ManyCam software updates to certain license holders to whom Visicom has previously granted a lifetime 
license to ManyCam software. As consideration for distributing the software updates, Visicom paid us an initial upfront nonrefundable
payment of 65,000. The License Agreement provides that Visicom may purchase additional licenses at prices specified therein. Other than
providing a one-time, limited license to Visicom for the distribution of ManyCam software updates pursuant to the terms of the License
Agreement, we do not have any obligation to provide support or service to the licensee end users. 

Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period
exceeded 600,000 but were less than 700,000. Pursuant to the terms of that certain Letter Agreement, by and between Visicom, the
Purchaser and the Company, dated February 24, 2023, the Company made an Earn-Out Payment to Visicom in the amount of 85,000 (the
 Adjusted Earn-Out Payment ). We recorded a liability in the amount of the Adjusted Earn-Out Payment, with a
corresponding adjustment to the cost basis of the Conveyed Assets. The Company expects that the Adjusted Earn-Out Payment will be
paid in the first quarter of 2023. 

As part of the accounting for the Conveyed Assets,
we provisionally recorded a deferred tax liability of 0.9 million with an offset to intangible assets related to the excess financial
reporting basis over the tax basis of the Conveyed Assets. 

Macro-Economic Factors and COVID-19 Update

Our results of operations have been and may continue
to be negatively impacted by the uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and macro-economic factors, including the timing of economic recessions
and/or recovery and the overall inflationary environment. Prolonged periods of inflation may affect our ability to target new customers
as well as keep existing customers engaged and may ultimately have a correlating effect on our users discretionary spending. Our
user growth may continue to slow or decline as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to taper, particularly in light of a potential
economic downturn. Furthermore, the recent strength of the US dollar compared to foreign currencies could have a negative effect on our
non-US customer base, as our subscription prices are based in US dollars. 

29 

Operational Highlights and Objectives 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we executed
key components of our objectives: 

acquired
the core assets of ManyCam, a live streaming software and virtual camera that allows users to deliver professional live videos on streaming
platforms, video conferencing apps and distance learning tools and worked on cross-selling the ManyCam software to commercial businesses
as well as retail consumers; 

repurchased 604,808
 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Plan at an average price per share of 1.65, or an aggregate
 amount of approximately 1.0 million; and 

engaged Roth Capital Partners,
 LLC as our financial advisor and investment banker to explore strategic initiatives focused on buy-side acquisitions. 

For the near term, our business objectives include: 

continue to explore strategic
 opportunities, including, but not limited to, potential mergers or acquisitions of other assets or entities that are synergistic
 to our business; 

optimizing our acquisition
 of the ManyCam software to not only maximize subscription revenue but to integrate and cross-sell with our existing customer base
 and explore business-to-business sales opportunities; 

adjusting our spending to better align with overall
 macro-economic conditions and investing in a measured way that ensures responsible cash management; 

continuing to implement
 several enhancements to our live video chat applications as well as the integration of card and board games and other features focused
 on user retention and monetization, which collectively are intended to increase user engagement and revenue opportunities; 

continuing to develop our
 consumer application platform strategy by seeking potential partnerships with large third-party communities to whom we could promote
 a co-branded version of our video chat products and potentially share in the incremental revenues generated by these partner communities;
 and 

continuing to defend our
 intellectual property. 

Sources of Revenue 

Our main sources of revenue are subscription,
advertising and other fees generated from users of our core video chat products, Paltalk and Camfrog, as well as revenue downloads of
our ManyCam software products. We expect that the majority of our revenue in future periods will continue to be generated from our core
video chat products. We also generate technology service revenue under licensing and service agreements that we negotiate with third
parties which includes development, integration, engineering, licensing or other services that we provide. 

Subscription Revenue 

Our video chat platforms generate revenue primarily
through subscription fees. Our tiers of subscriptions provide users with unlimited video windows and levels of status within the community.
Multiple subscription tiers are offered in different durations depending on the product from one-, six- and twelve-month terms, which
continue to vary as we continue to test and optimize length and pricing. Longer-term plans (those with durations longer than one month)
are generally available at discounted monthly rates. Levels of membership benefits are offered in tiers, with the least membership benefits
in the lowest paid tier and the most membership benefits in the highest paid tier. Our membership tiers are Plus, Extreme, 
 VIP and Prime for Paltalk and Pro, Extreme and Gold for Camfrog.
We also hold occasional promotions that offer discounted subscriptions and virtual gifts. Subscriptions for ManyCam are generally offered
in annual and two-year terms, with exceptions made for enterprise sales. 

30 

We recognize revenue from monthly premium subscription
services beginning in the month in which the subscriptions are originated. Revenues from multi-month (or annual) subscriptions are recognized
on a gross and straight-line basis over the length of the subscription period. The unearned portion of subscription revenue is presented
as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

We also offer virtual gifts to our users through
our Paltalk, Camfrog and TinyChat applications. Users may purchase credits that can be redeemed for a host of virtual gifts such as a
rose, a beer, or a car, among other items. Virtual gift revenue is recognized upon the users utilization of the virtual gift and
included in subscription revenue. The unearned portion of virtual gifts revenue is presented as deferred revenue in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. 

Advertising Revenue 

We generate a portion of our revenue through
advertisements on our video platforms. Advertising revenue is dependent upon the volume of advertising impressions viewed by active users
as well as the advertising inventory we place on our products. We recognize advertising revenue as earned on a click-through, impression,
registration or subscription basis. Measurements of impressions include when a user clicks on an advertisement (CPC basis), views an
advertisement impression (CPM basis), or registers for an external website via an advertisement by clicking on or through our application
(CPA basis). 

Technology Service Revenue 

Technology service revenue is generated under
service and partnership agreements that we negotiate with third parties, which includes development, integration, engineering, licensing
or other services that we provide. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded
technology service revenue in connection with our agreement to serve as a launch partner with Open Props, Inc. (formerly YouNow, Inc.,
and referred to herein as YouNow and to integrate YouNow s props infrastructure (the Props platform into our Camfrog and Paltalk applications (as amended, the YouNow Agreement ). 

In August 2021, we received notice from YouNow
that it was terminating the YouNow Agreement, and that it would no longer support the Props platform past the end of calendar year 2021.
The YouNow Agreement was terminated effective on November 23, 2021. We expect that the majority of our future technology service revenue,
if any, will result from opportunistic collaborations with third parties, however, any such collaborations are not a primary focus for
the Company. 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue consists primarily of compensation
(including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in data center and customer care functions,
credit card processing fees, hosting fees, and data center rent and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also includes compensation and other
employee-related costs for technical personnel, consultants and subcontracting costs relating to technology service revenue. 

Sales and marketing expense 

Sales and marketing expense consist primarily
of advertising expenditures and compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel and
consultants engaged in sales and sales support functions. Advertising and promotional spend includes online marketing, including fees
paid to search engines, and offline marketing, which primarily consists of partner-related payments to those who direct traffic to our
brands. 

Product development expense 

Product development expense, which relates to
the development of technology of our applications, consists primarily of compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other
employee-related and consultants-related costs that are not capitalized for personnel engaged in the design, testing and enhancement
of service offerings as well as amortization of capitalized website development costs. 

31 

General and administrative expense 

General and administrative expense consists primarily
of compensation (including non-cash stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in executive management,
finance, legal, tax and human resources and facilities costs and fees for other professional services and cost of insurance. General
and administrative expense also includes depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets. 

Impairment loss on digital tokens 

Impairment loss on digital tokens results from
the daily assessment of the Props tokens quoted market prices, as reflected on CoinmarketCap, and adjusting the recorded carrying
amount to the amount equal to the lowest quoted market price during the period in which the Props tokens are held. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge in the amount of 7,262 and 765,232, respectively, which is reported
in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations as a result of recent decline in the quoted market prices below the market
price of their acquisition. 

Key Metrics 

Our management relies on certain non-GAAP and/or
unaudited performance indicators to manage and evaluate our business. The key performance indicators set forth below help us evaluate
growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing efforts and assess operational efficiencies.
Historically, we used Subscription Bookings to represent the aggregate dollar value of subscription fees and virtual gifts purchases
received during the period. However, going forward, we have decided to not report Subscription Bookings as we believe that this key performance
indicator is no longer an appropriate metric to evaluate our business. We also discuss net cash provided by operating activities under
the Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections below. Adjusted EBITDA is discussed
below. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (2,956,724 
 1,265,464 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (3,412,250 
 1,324,106 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (2,646,860 
 1,281,361 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA as percentage of total revenue 
 (24.1 
 9.7 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income adjusted to exclude net loss from interest income, net, provision for income taxes, gain on
office lease termination, impairment loss on goodwill, gain from sale of Secured Communication Assets, gain on the extinguishment of
term debt, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, loss on disposal of property and equipment, other expense,
impairment loss on digital tokens, gain on extinguishment of digital tokens payable, realized loss (gain) from the sale of digital tokens
and stock-based compensation expense. 

We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is a key
measure used by our management and Board of Directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to develop
short- and long-term operational plans and to allocate resources to expand our business. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses
in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of the cash operating income generated by
our business. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and others to understand and evaluate our operating results, and
it allows for a more meaningful comparison between our performance and that of competitors. 

32 

Limitations of Adjusted EBITDA 

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as
an analytical tool, and you should not consider this performance measure in isolation from or as a substitute for analysis of our results
as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are that Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: cash capital expenditures for assets underlying
depreciation and amortization expense that may need to be replaced or for new capital expenditures; net loss from discontinued operations;
interest income, net; other expense, net; gain on sale of the Dating Services Business; income tax expense from continuing operations;
gain on office lease termination; impairment loss on goodwill; gain from sale of Secured Communication Assets; loss on disposal of property
and equipment; our working capital requirements; the impairment loss on digital tokens; realized gain (loss) from the sale of digital
tokens; the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; gain on the extinguishment of term debt; gain on extinguishment
of digital tokens payable; and the provision for income taxes. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted
EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Because of these limitations, you should consider
Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net income and our other GAAP results.
The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented
in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Reconciliation of Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Net (loss) income 
 (3,412,250 
 1,324,106 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 333,825 
 (35,653 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 670,863 
 370,845 
 
 Impairment loss on digital tokens 
 7,262 
 765,232 
 
 Interest income, net 
 (74,895 
 (133 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of term debt 
 -- 
 (506,500 
 
 Realized loss (gain) from sale of digital tokens 
 -- 
 (307,934 
 
 Gain on termination of digital tokens payable 
 -- 
 (338,553 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (171,665 
 9,951 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (2,646,860 
 1,281,361 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth consolidated statements
of operations data for each of the periods indicated as a percentage of total revenue: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 
 25.7 
 20.5 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 14.3 
 8.8 
 
 Product development expense 
 54.0 
 40.6 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 39.2 
 20.4 
 
 Impairment loss on digital tokens 
 0.1 
 5.8 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 133.3 
 96.1 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 
 (33.3 
 3.9 
 
 Interest income, net 
 0.7 
 0.0 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of term debt 
 0.0 
 3.8 
 
 Realized gain (loss) from sale of digital tokens 
 0.0 
 2.3 
 
 (Loss) income from operations before income tax (benefit) expense 
 (32.6 
 10.0 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (1.6 
 (0.1 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (31.0 
 9.9 

33 

Year Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to
Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Total revenue decreased to 10,989,545 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, from 13,273,849 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease
in subscription revenue and virtual gift revenue from the Paltalk and Camfrog applications, as well as a decrease in technology service
revenue driven by the termination of the YouNow Agreement, effective November 23, 2021. The decrease was partially offset by revenue recognized
from sales of the ManyCam product. 

The following table sets forth our subscription
revenue, advertising revenue, technology service revenue and total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the year ended December
31, 2021, the increase or decrease between those periods, the percentage increase or decrease between those periods, and the percentage
of total revenue that each represented for those periods: 

Years Ended 

of Revenue Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Subscription revenue 
 10,662,691 
 12,368,008 
 (1,705,317 
 (13.8 
 97.0 
 93.2 
 
 Advertising revenue 
 326,854 
 451,337 
 (124,483 
 (27.6 
 3.0 
 3.4 
 
 Technology service revenue 
 -- 
 454,504 
 (454,504 
 (100.0 
 0.0 
 3.4 
 
 Total revenues 
 10,989,545 
 13,273,849 
 (2,284,304 
 (17.2 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Subscription Revenue 

Our subscription revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022 decreased by 1,705,317, or 13.8 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in subscription revenue was
primarily driven by a decrease in new subscribers as well as a decrease in virtual gift revenue across the Paltalk and Camfrog applications.
We attribute this decrease to the overall macro-economic environment that may limit a customer s access to discretionary spending,
as well as, to a lesser degree, the lifting of various COVID-19 related restrictions in certain of our target markets that had previously
prohibited individuals from leaving their homes and, as a result, caused customers to devote less time to their social applications.
As ManyCam primarily sells annual subscriptions, its revenue is consistent with similar annual subscription models in their early stages,
as the cash received traditionally will outpace the subscription revenue recognized. We anticipate that subscription revenue related
to ManyCam will increase in future quarters as the deferred revenue generated from ManyCam subscriptions is recognized. 

Advertising Revenue 

Our advertising revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022 decreased by 124,483, or 27.6 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in advertising revenue was primarily
due to a decrease in the volume of advertising impressions related to changes in and the optimization of third-party advertising partners
due to a slower growing user base as well as overall decline in the advertising market. 

Technology Service Revenue 

Our technology service revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2022, decreased by 454,504, or 100.0 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in technology service
revenue was driven by the termination of the YouNow Agreement, effective November 23, 2021. 

34 

Costs and Expenses 

Total costs and expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 increased by 1,893,996 or 14.8 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table presents our costs and
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the increase or decrease between those periods and the percentage increase or
decrease between those periods and the percentage of total revenue that each represented for those periods: 

Years Ended 

of Revenue Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 2,823,570 
 2,720,189 
 103,381 
 3.8 
 25.7 
 20.5 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 1,571,275 
 1,170,386 
 400,889 
 34.3 
 14.3 
 8.8 
 
 Product development expense 
 5,934,433 
 5,391,819 
 542,614 
 10.1 
 54.0 
 40.6 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 4,311,815 
 2,706,733 
 1,605,082 
 59.3 
 39.2 
 20.4 
 
 Impairment loss on digital tokens 
 7,262 
 765,232 
 (757,970 
 (99.1 
 0.1 
 5.8 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 14,648,355 
 12,754,359 
 1,893,996 
 14.8 
 133.3 
 96.1 

Cost of revenue 

Our cost of revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022 increased by 103,381, or 3.8 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31,
2022, was primarily driven by an increase in costs related to the ManyCam product, which launched in June of 2022, of approximately 206,658.
These expenses were partially offset by decreases in non-cash stock compensation expense of 48,000 and credit card processing of approximately
 55,000. 

Sales and marketing expense 

Our sales and marketing expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 increased by 400,889, or 34.3 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in sales and marketing
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase of approximately 366,000 in marketing user acquisition
expenses, including agent fees, as we focused on increasing user engagement spend through the efforts of our third-party marketing agencies,
which we have subsequently scaled back on, and an increase of approximately 26,000 in other marketing and branding expenses driven by
an increased grow our focus on social media and influencers. 

Product development expense 

Our product development expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 increased by 542,614, or 10.1 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily
due to an increase of approximately 329,000 related to software expenses in support the newly launched ManyCam product. In addition,
dues and subscriptions expense increased by approximately 132,000, and Paltalk and Camfrog consulting expenses increased by approximately
 137,000 related to initiatives to enhance user retention and improve monetization in the Paltalk application. These increases was partially
offset by a decrease of approximately 114,000 in capitalized amortization software related to Paltalk. 

General and administrative expense 

Our general and administrative expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 1,605,082, or 59.3 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in general
and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to increased non-cash stock compensation expense of approximately
 402,000, an increase in amortization of approximately 417,000 related to the acquisition of the ManyCam assets, increased professional
fees of approximately 265,000 and increased insurance costs of approximately 122,000. In addition, included in the year ended December
31, 2021, was approximately 335,000 of non-cash gain on extinguishment of digital tokens payable. 

Impairment loss on digital tokens 

We recorded a non-cash impairment loss on digital
tokens of 7,262 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the decline in the quoted market prices of certain digital tokens
below the market price of their acquisition. This loss represents a 757,970 decrease in the size of the loss compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

35 

Non-Operating Income 

The following table presents the components of
non-operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, the increase or decrease between those
periods and the percentage increase or decrease between those periods and the percentage of total revenue that each represented for those
periods: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 of Revenue Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest income, net 
 74,895 
 133 
 74,762 
 56212.1 
 0.7 
 0.0 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of term debt 
 -- 
 506,500 
 (506,500 
 (100.0 
 0.0 
 3.8 
 
 Realized gain from sale of digital tokens 
 -- 
 307,934 
 (307,934 
 (100.0 
 0.0 
 2.3 
 
 Total non-operating income 
 74,895 
 814,567 
 (739,672 
 (90.8 
 0.7 
 6.1 

Non-operating income for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 74,895, a decrease of 739,672, or 90.8 , as compared to non-operating income of 814,567 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease resulted from the gain on extinguishment of term debt of the 506,500 of proceeds from the note received in order
to help ensure adequate liquidity in light of the uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as a gain from sale of digital
tokens of 307,934, both of which happened during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (2,956,724 
 1,265,464 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (2,942,279 
 858,848 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (997,924 
 13,927,128 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (6,896,927 
 16,051,440 

Currently, our primary source of liquidity is
cash on hand and cash flows from continuing operations, and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents balance and our expected cash
flow from operations will be sufficient to meet all of our financial obligations for the twelve months from the date these financial
statements are issued. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 14.7 million of cash and cash equivalents. 

Our use of working capital is related to product
development resources and an investment in marketing activities in order to maintain and create new services and features in applications
for our clients and users. In particular, a significant portion of our working capital has been allocated to the improvement of our products.
In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 997,924 in connection with our Stock Repurchase Plan as we purchased
a total of 604,808 shares at an average share price of 1.65 per share. In the future, we may continue to seek to grow our business by
expending our capital resources to fund strategic acquisitions, investments and partnership opportunities. 

On August 5, 2021, we announced the closing of
the August 2021 Offering in which we offered and sold 1,159,400 shares of our common stock. We also granted the underwriters an option
to purchase up to an additional 173,910 shares of common stock at the public offering price less discounts and commissions to cover over-allotments,
which was exercised in full on August 5, 2021. The net proceeds to us from the August 2021 Offering were approximately 3.2 million,
after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other estimated offering expenses. 

In addition, on October 19, 2021, we announced
the pricing and closing of the October 2021 Offering in which we offered and sold 1,552,500 shares of our common stock. We also granted
the underwriters an option to purchase up to an additional 202,500 shares of common stock at the public offering price less discounts
and commissions to cover over-allotments, which was exercised in full on October 14, 2021. The net proceeds to us from the October 2021
Offering were approximately 10.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other estimated offering expenses. 

36 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 2,956,724
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 1,265,464 for the year ended December
31, 2021. A loss from operations, due to the decrease in subscription revenue as well as changes in accounts payable, accrued expenses
and other current liabilities of 453,928 which contributed to a lower cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 2,942,279
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 858,848 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in cash flows from investing activities resulted primarily from the ManyCam Acquisition. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was 997,924
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 13,927,128 for the year ended December
31, 2021. During fiscal 2022, the use of cash of 997,924 was attributed to the Company s repurchase of the Company s stock
pursuant to its share buy back plan. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities compared to the prior year is a result
of the August 2021 and October 2021 Offerings, in which the Company sold an aggregate of 2,885,810 shares of common stock at a price
to the public of 3.00 and 7.50 per share, respectively. Net proceeds received by the Company from the August 2021 and October 2021
Offerings were approximately 13.9 million, after underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

As discussed above, on May 3, 2020, to help ensure
adequate liquidity in light of the uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, we entered into the Note in favor of the Lender in the
aggregate principal amount of 506,500. The Note had a two-year term and borne interest at a stated rate of 1.0 per annum. We did not
provide any collateral or guarantees for the Note, nor did we pay any facility charge to obtain the Note. The Note provided for customary
events of default, including, among others, those relating to failure to make payment, bankruptcy, breaches of representations and material
adverse effects. On January 13, 2021, the Note was fully forgiven by the SBA and the Lender in compliance with the provisions of the
CARES Act. We do not expect to incur additional indebtedness under the CARES Act. 

On June 7, 2016, we entered into a lease agreement
with Jericho Executive Center LLC for office space at 30 Jericho Executive Plaza in Jericho, New York, which commenced on September 1,
2016 and runs through November 30, 2021. Our monthly office rent payments under the lease are currently approximately 7,081 per month.
On April 9, 2021, we entered into a lease extension agreement with Jericho Executive Center LLC for the office space at 30 Jericho Executive
Plaza in Jericho, New York, which commenced on December 1, 2021 and runs through November 30, 2024. 

On March 23, 2022, we entered into Amended and
Restated Employment Agreements with our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
which amends and restates their existing employment agreements with the Company dated October 7, 2016 and December 9, 2019, respectively.
The agreements are each for terms of one year with auto renewal provisions. Except for adjustments to base salaries, all other terms
and conditions of the prior employment agreements between the Company and the CEO and CFO will remain in full force and effect. The CEO
agreement is retroactive to February 2021. The CFO agreement is retroactive to January 2022. Aggregate commitments of base salaries under
the agreements for 2022 total 490,000. Should the agreements be renewed for 2023 and beyond, the aggregate base salary commitments would
total 510,000 per year. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination
of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such differences may
be material to the financial statements. The most significant accounting estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements
include the discount rates and weighted average costs of capital used in the fair value of the ManyCam Intangible Assets and in assigning
their respective useful lives. These fair values and estimates were based on a number of factors, including a valuation from an independent
third party. 

37 

Critical Accounting Polices 

The Company s financial position, results of
operations and cash flows are impacted by the accounting policies the Company has adopted. In order to get a full understanding of the
Company s financial statements, one must have a clear understanding of the accounting policies employed. A summary of the Company s
critical accounting policies follows: 

Subscription Revenue 

The Company generates subscription revenue
primarily from monthly premium subscription services. Subscription revenues are presented net of refunds, credits, and known and
estimated credit card chargebacks. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, subscriptions were offered in durations of
one-, six- twelve-and twenty four -month terms. All subscription fees, however, are paid by credit card at the origination of the
subscription regardless of the term of the subscription. Revenues from multi-month subscriptions are recognized on a straight-line
basis over the period where the service is offered to the customer, indicated by length of the subscription term purchased. The
unearned portion of subscription revenue is presented as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

In addition, the Company offers virtual gifts
to its users. Users may purchase credits in 5, 10 or 20 increments that can be redeemed for a host of virtual gifts such as a rose,
a beer or a car, among other items. These gifts are given among users to enhance communication and are typically redeemed within 30 days
of purchase. Upon purchase, the virtual gifts are credited to the users account and are under the users control. Virtual
gift revenue is recognized upon the users redemption of virtual gifts at the fixed transaction price and included in subscription
revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Virtual gift revenue is presented as deferred revenue in the consolidated
balance sheets until virtual gifts are redeemed. 

Intangible Assets 

The Company acquired amortizable intangible
assets as part of a purchase agreement consisting of internally developed software, intellectual property (trade names, trademarks and
URLs) and subscriber relationships/customer lists. The Company s intangible assets represent definite lived intangible assets,
which are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: 

Patents 
 20 years 
 
 Trade names, trademarks, product names, URLs 
 5-10 years 
 
 Internally developed software 
 5-6 years 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 3 years 
 
 Subscriber/customer relationships 
 3-12 years 

The Company reviews intangible assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Factors
that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant underperformance of the business in relation
to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends, and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets.
If an impairment review is performed to evaluate a long-lived asset for recoverability, the Company compares forecasts of undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the long-lived asset to its carrying value. An impairment loss
would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset are less than its carrying
amount. The impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its fair value, determined
based on discounted cash flows. No impairments were recorded on intangible assets as no impairment indicators were noted for the periods
presented in these consolidated financial statements. 

For additional information, see Note 2 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a summary of significant accounting policies, which
includes our critical accounting policies, and the effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not applicable. 

38 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Paltalk, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paltalk,
Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of the ManyCam Asset Acquisition 

As described in Note 1 and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company acquired certain intangible assets (the ManyCam Asset Acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022
for 2.7 million. This transaction included internally developed software, intellectual property (trade names, trademarks and URLs) and
customer relationships of 1.5 million, 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively. 

We identified the valuation of the ManyCam Asset Acquisition as a critical
audit matter. Auditing the Company s accounting for these acquired intangible assets was complex due to the significant estimation required
in managements determination of the fair value of intangible assets. The significant estimation was primarily due to the sensitivity of
the respective fair values to the underlying assumptions, including discount rates, weighted average cost of capital and projected revenue
growth rates. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

Evaluated the Company s use of valuation methodologies. 

Evaluated the prospective financial information and tested
the completeness and accuracy of underlying data. 

With the assistance of our valuation specialists, tested the
significant assumptions used to value the acquired intangible assets by comparing the significant assumptions to current industry, market
and economic trends. 

Performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions
to evaluate the change in fair value resulting from changes in the assumptions. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March 23, 2023 

F- 3 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Property and equipment, net 
 --

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Digital tokens 
 --

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration 
 
 --

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Deferred subscription revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion 

Deferred tax liability 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock, and shares repurchased as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Subscription revenue 

Advertising revenue 

Technology service revenue 
 --

Total revenue 

Costs and expenses 

Costs of revenue 

Sales and marketing expense 

Product development expense 

General and administrative expense 

Impairment loss on digital tokens 

Total costs and expenses 

(Loss) Income from operations 

Interest income, net 

Gain on extinguishment of term debt 
 --

Realized gain from the sale of digital tokens 
 --

(Loss) Income from operations before income tax benefit (expense) 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net (loss) income 

Net (loss) income per share of common stock: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock used in calculating net (loss) income per share of common stock: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Common 
 Stock 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock 

-
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock pursuant to cashless option exercises 

-
 
 -

Treasury stock received from cashless option exercises 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock pursuant to option exercise 

-
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 -

Repurchases of common stock 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Gain on extinguishment of digital token liability 
 --

Impairment loss on digital tokens 

Realized (gain) loss from the sale of digital tokens 
 --

Deferred tax benefit 
 
 --

Gain on extinguishment of term debt 
 --

Stock-based compensation 

Bad debt expense 
 --

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Digital tokens 
 --

Accounts receivable, net 

Digital tokens receivable 
 --

Operating lease liability 

Digital tokens payable 
 --

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred subscription revenue 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of ManyCam assets 
 
 --

Acquisition related costs of ManyCam assets 
 
 --

Proceeds from the sale of digital tokens 
 --

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 --

Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to option exercise 
 --

Purchase of treasury stock 
 
 --

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Balance of cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Balance of cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred tax liability associated with the acquisition of ManyCam assets 
 
 --

Accrued contingent consideration 
 
 --

Modification of operating lease right-of-use asset and liability 
 --

Issuance of common stock pursuant to cashless option exercises 
 --

Treasury stock received from cashless option exercises 
 --

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The License Agreement provides that Visicom may purchase additional licenses at prices specified therein. Other than
providing a one-time, limited license to Visicom for the distribution of ManyCam software updates pursuant to the terms of the License
Agreement, we do not have any obligation to provide support or service to the licensee end users. 

F- 8 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

,
which was subsequently recognized as subscription revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. The ending balance of deferred revenue
at December 31, 2022 was 

. 

These gifts are given among users to enhance communication and are typically redeemed within 30 days
of purchase. Upon purchase, the virtual gifts are credited to the users account and are under the users control. Virtual
gift revenue is recognized upon the users redemption of virtual gifts at the fixed transaction price and included in subscription
revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Virtual gift revenue is presented as deferred revenue in the consolidated
balance sheets until virtual gifts are redeemed. Virtual gift revenue was and for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The ending balance of deferred revenue from virtual gifts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 , respectively. 

F- 9 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

percent) that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The Company performs the quantitative goodwill impairment
test, if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances such as those described in paragraph ASC 350-20-35-3C(a) through (g),
the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. An impairment
charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, limited to the total
amount of goodwill related to the reporting unit. 

F- 10 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

years 
 
 Trade names, trademarks, product names, URLs 
 - years 
 
 Internally developed software 
 - years 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 years 
 
 Subscriber/customer relationships 
 - years 

F- 11 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Trade names, trademarks, product names, URLs 

Internally developed software 

-

Subscriber/customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

and , respectively. The aggregate amortization expense for
each of the next five years and thereafter is estimated to be in 2023,
 in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, and thereafter. 

and , respectively, which is reported in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations as a result of recent declines in the quoted market prices of certain digital tokens
below the market price of their acquisition. 

million Props tokens for proceeds million. The realized gain of the sale of digital tokens was for the year ended December 31, 2021 and is included in the consolidated statements of operations. 

corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations that have at least an average of billion adjusted financial statement
income over a consecutive three-tax-year period and a excise tax surcharge on stock repurchases. The CHIPS Act provides a variety
of incentives associated with investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing and related activities. Both the IRA and CHIPS Act
are applicable for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 and had no impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 12 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Foreign Operations 
 
 -

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Total Current 

Deferred 

Federal 
 -
 
 -

State and local 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 
 
 -

Change in Valuation Allowance 
 -
 
 -

Total Deferred 
 
 -

Total (Benefit) Provision 

for 2022 and 2021 as follows: 

Permanent Differences 
 -

State and local taxes 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax adjustment 
 -

Share based compensation 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 -

Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential 
 
 -

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Foreign net operating losses 
 
 -

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Rent 

Capitalized IRC 174 costs 
 
 -

Tax credits 

Other 

Subtotal 

Less Valuation Allowance: 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 -

Property and equipment 

Other 
 
 -

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax Liability 
 
 -

F- 13 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

during 2022. The Company will continue to evaluate its deferred tax assets to determine whether
any changes in circumstances could affect the realization of their future benefit. If it is determined in future periods that portions
of the Company s deferred income tax assets satisfy the realization standards, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

F- 14 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s
common stock may be issued pursuant to outstanding options awarded under the 2011 Plan; however, no additional awards may be granted
under such plan. The Paltalk, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan the 2016 Plan was adopted by the Company s stockholders
on May 16, 2016 and permits the Company to award stock options (both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options), stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other stock-based
awards and cash-based incentive awards to its employees (including an employee who is also a director or officer under certain circumstances),
non-employee directors and consultants. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards under the
2016 Plan is shares, of which may be issued pursuant to incentive stock options. In addition, the maximum number of shares
of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan may be increased by an indeterminate number of shares of common stock underlying
outstanding awards issued under the 2011 Plan that are forfeited, expired, cancelled or settled in cash. As of December 31, 2022, there
were shares available for future issuance under the 2016 Plan. 

The August 2021 Offering was made pursuant
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-257036), initially filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021,
and was subsequently amended and declared effective on August 2, 2021. 

million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering
expenses of approximately . These costs were recorded in stockholders equity as a reduction of additional paid-in capital
in connection with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. 

shares of our common stock (which includes shares
sold to the underwriter pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option) at a public offering price of
 per share (the October 2021 Offering ). The October 2021 Offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-260063), previously filed with the SEC on October 5, 2021 and declared effective on October
14, 2021. The October 2021 Offering was offered by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, forming part of the
registration statement. 

million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering
expenses of approximately . These costs were recorded in stockholders equity as a reduction of additional paid-in capital
in connection with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. 

F- 15 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Expected life of option 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised during period 
 --
 
 --

Forfeited or canceled, during the period 

Expired, during the period 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

of total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of years. 

.
On December 31, 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was and ,
respectively. The intrinsic value for stock options is calculated based on the exercise price of the underlying awards and the fair value
of such awards as of the period-end date. 

shares of common stock at an exercise
price of per share. The stock options vest in four equal quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter in 2022
and have a term of ten years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also granted options to employees to purchase an aggregate
of ,501shares of common stock. These options have a vesting date ranging between the grant date and up to four years, have a term
of ten years and have an exercise price of . 

and , respectively. 

F- 16 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Sales and marketing expense 

Product development expense 

General and administrative expense 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

of the Company s outstanding common stock (the Stock Repurchase Plan ),
effective as of March 29, 2022 and expiring on the one-year anniversary of such date. Shares may be repurchased from time-to-time in
open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with federal
securities laws, including Rule 10b5-1 programs, and the Stock Repurchase Plan may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The actual
timing, number and value of shares repurchased will be determined by a committee of the Board of Directors at its discretion and will
depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions,
alternative investment opportunities and other corporate considerations. 

shares of its common stock classified as treasury shares on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

of shares issuable upon the
exercise of outstanding stock options were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share from operations because their
inclusion would be antidilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options
were included in the computation of diluted net income per share from operations because their inclusion would be dilutive. For the year
ended December 31, 2021, of shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options were not included in the computation
of diluted net income per share for operations because their inclusion would be antidilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 
of shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options were included in the computation of diluted net income per share for
operations because their inclusion would be dilutive. 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

Per share data: 

Basic from operations 
 
 0.
17 
 
 Diluted from operations 
 
 0. 17 

F- 17 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per month. The
modification resulted in an increase its ROU assets and lease liabilities of million, using a discount rate of . 

and right-of-use assets of approximately , which are included in the consolidated
balance sheets. 

, of which was sublease income. Total rent expense for year ended December 31, 2021 was , of which
 was sublease income. Rent expense is recorded under general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Weighted average assumptions: 

Remaining lease term 

Discount rate 

2024 

Total 

Less: present value adjustment 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

, a two -year term, a maturity date of and borne interest at a stated rate of per annum. The Company did not
provide any collateral or guarantees for the Note, nor did the Company pay any facility charge to obtain the Note. The Note provided
for customary events of default, including, among others, those relating to failure to make payment, bankruptcy, breaches of representations
and material adverse effects. 

gain on
extinguishment of term debt. 

F- 18 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

with auto renewal provisions. Except for adjustments to base salaries, all other terms
and conditions of the prior employment agreements between the Company and the CEO and CFO remained in full force and effect. The CEO
agreement is retroactive to February 2021. The CFO agreement is retroactive to January 2022. Aggregate commitments of base salaries under
the agreements for 2022 total . Should the agreements be renewed for 2023 and beyond, the aggregate base salary commitments would total
 per year. 

million (the Cash Consideration ). (the Earn-Out Payment based on the sales of the ManyCam software less
chargebacks and refunds Gross Sales in the six-month period following the Closing (the Earn-Out Period as follows: (i) if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period are greater than 800,000, the Earn-Out Payment shall be 600,000, (ii)
if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period are greater than 700,000 but less than 800,000, the Earn-Out Payment shall be 300,000,
(iii) if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period are greater than 600,000 but less than 700,000, the Earn-Out Payment shall be 150,000
and (iv) if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period do not exceed 600,000, then the Seller will not be paid any portion of the Earn-Out
Payment. The Company concluded that the Conveyed Assets were not considered a business for purposes of Regulation S-X and ASC 805, Business
Combinations. While Gross Sales during the Earn Out Period exceeded 600,000 and was less than 700,000, there were some adjustments
made to calculation and it was agreed by both parties to a negotiated amount. As a result, the Company recorded a liability in the amount
of 85,000 for payment to the Seller, with a corresponding adjustment to the cost basis of the Conveyed Assets. 

and the discount premium
was . 

for tradenames and for developed software and customer list. This assumption
was deemed reasonable based on reviewing useful lives for the comparable companies. 

F- 19 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Intellectual property (trade names, trademarks, URLs) 

Subscriber Relationships/Customer List 

Total acquired assets 

and thereafter will approximate in 2023, in
2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and thereafter. 

of
expenses in connection with the ManyCam Acquisition and capitalized them accordingly. 

million with an offset to intangible assets related to the excess
financial reporting basis over the tax basis of the Conveyed Assets. 

. The License Agreement provides that Visicom may purchase additional licenses at prices specified therein. Other than
providing a one-time, limited license to Visicom for the distribution of ManyCam software updates pursuant to the terms of the License
Agreement, the Company does not have any obligation to provide support or service to the licensee end users. The Company recognized the
 payment as revenue during the period ended December 31, 2022, as it satisfied its performance obligation as specified in the
License Agreement. 

F- 20 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Internal controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions
are properly authorized, recorded and reported; and (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use, to permit the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 

Our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives. 

Based on the evaluation as of December 31, 2022,
for the reasons set forth below, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding
the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and based on that evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. Therefore, our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable
assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

The framework used by management in making that
assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

39 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required in response to this
Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required in response to this
Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required in response to this
Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required in response to this
Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required in response to this
Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with the SEC no later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

The financial statements filed as part of this
Annual Report are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules have been omitted since the required
information is not present, or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required
is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

(a) Documents
 filed as part of this Annual Report. 

1. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 
 
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

3. 
 Exhibits required to be
 filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

The following exhibits
 are included herein or incorporated herein by reference: 

2.1# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 13, 2016, by and among Paltalk, Inc., SAVM Acquisition Corporation, A.V.M. Software, Inc. and Jason Katz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on September 14, 2016 by the Company with the SEC). 

2.2# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and among ManyCam ULC, Visicom Media Inc., 2434936 Alberta ULC and Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed June 10, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Paltalk, Inc. (as amended through May 15, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company filed November 9, 2021 by the Company with the SEC). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 17, 2023 by the Company with the SEC). 

4.1

Specimen Stock Certificate of Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on March 23, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities of Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on March 23, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 

41 

10.1 
 
 Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, by and between Paltalk, Inc. and Facebook Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-52176) filed March 31, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.2 
 
 Registered Apple Developer Agreement, by and between Paltalk, Inc. and Apple Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-52176) filed March 31, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.3 
 
 iOS Developer Program License Agreement, by and between Paltalk, Inc. and Apple Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-52176) filed March 31, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Paltalk, Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-52176) of the Company filed on November 14, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-174456) of the Company filed on May 24, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-174456) of the Company filed on May 24, 2011 by the Company with the SEC) . 

10.7 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-174456) of the Company filed on May 24, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-52176) of the Company filed on November 14, 2011 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.9 
 
 Paltalk, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 20, 2016 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.10 
 
 First Amendment to Paltalk, Inc. 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan, dated as of April 10, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 30, 2017 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company filed on August 11, 2016 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company filed on August 11, 2016 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on March 23, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company filed on August 11, 2016 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Paltalk, Inc. and Jason Katz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on March 23, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 

42 

10.16 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 7, 2016, by and between Paltalk, Inc. and Clifford Lerner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 11, 2016 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 15, 2017 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.18 
 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 15, 2018, by and between the Company and Clifford Lerner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 19, 2018 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Paltalk, Inc. and Kara Jenny (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on March 23, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 

10.20 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated February 24, 2023, by and between Visicom Media Inc., ManyCam ULC and Paltalk, Inc. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Schedules and exhibits
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Paltalk, Inc. hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally copies
 of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Management contract or
 compensatory plan arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

The certification attached
 as Exhibit 32.1 is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any
 filing of Paltalk, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether
 made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in
 such filing. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 PALTALK, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jason
 Katz 

Jason Katz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jason
 Katz 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Jason Katz 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Kara Jenny 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Kara Jenny 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Yoram
 Rami Abada 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Yoram Rami Abada 

/s/ Lance
 Laifer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Lance Laifer 

/s/ John Silberstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 John Silberstein 

44 

<EX-10.20>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-20_paltalkinc.htm
 LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 24, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN VISICOM MEDIA INC., MANYCAM ULC AND PALTALK, INC

Exhibit 10.20 

February 24, 2023 

Visicom Media Inc. 

 6200 Taschereau #304 

 Brossard QC Canada J4W 3J8 

 Attn: Patrice Carrenard 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made to
(i) that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and among Paltalk, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
ManyCam ULC, an unlimited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Alberta and a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company (the Purchaser ), Visicom Media Inc., a Canadian corporation (the Seller ),
and 2434936 Alberta ULC, an unlimited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Alberta (the Securities
Purchase Agreement ), and (ii) that certain License Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, by and between the Purchaser, as the
 licensor , and the Seller, as the licensee (the License Agreement ). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

WHEREAS, pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Seller sold, transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser purchased from the
Seller, the Purchased Securities, together with all rights and advantages attaching thereto; 

WHEREAS, pursuant
to Section 2.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that, following the consummation of the Transactions,
the Seller would be entitled to receive an Earn-Out Payment of up to 600,000 based on the Gross Sales of the ManyCam software during
the six-month period following the Closing (the Earn-Out Period ), with such Earn-Out Payment equaling 150,000
if the Gross Sales during the Earn-Out Period were greater than 600,000 but less than 700,000; and 

WHEREAS, following
the Purchaser s consummation of the Transactions, the Purchaser and the Seller entered into the License Agreement, pursuant to which
the Purchaser agreed to distribute, at the discretion and direction of the Seller, a specified number of ManyCam software updates to certain
license holders to whom the Seller has previously granted a lifetime license to ManyCam software, and as consideration for
distributing the software updates, the Seller paid the Purchaser an initial, upfront and nonrefundable payment of 65,000. 

NOW THEREFORE,
in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company, the Purchaser and the Seller wish to enter into
this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement and hereby agree as follows: 

1. Notwithstanding
anything in the Securities Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Seller hereby (i) acknowledges and agrees that, in light of the Seller s
and the Purchaser s entry into the License Agreement, the amount of the Earn-Out Payment payable by the Purchaser under Section
2.4(b) of the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be 85,000 and (ii) waives any right to additional Earn-Out Payments (or any portion
thereof) under Section 2.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

2. As
consideration for the covenants and agreements set forth herein, including the provisions of Section 1 above, the Seller, on behalf
of itself, and on behalf of its officers, directors, executives, employees, investors, shareholders, partners, members, managers, fiduciaries,
insurers, administrators, trustees, beneficiaries, divisions, affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, transferees,
and assigns, and anyone acting on any one of their joint or several behalf, whether past, present or future (collectively, the Releasing
Parties ), hereby fully and forever releases, remises, acquits and discharges the Company, the Purchaser and each of their
respective officers, directors, executives, employees, investors, shareholders, partners, members, managers, fiduciaries, insurers, administrators,
trustees, beneficiaries, divisions, affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, transferees, and assigns, and anyone
acting on any one of their joint or several behalf, whether past, present or future (collectively, the Released Parties ),
of and from any and all claims, injuries, suits, actions, causes of action, charges, demands, liabilities, obligations, responsibilities,
benefits, attorneys fees, and/or costs, direct or indirect, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, asserted
or unasserted, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, of whatever kind or nature, in law or in equity,
in any way arising out of or relating to Section 2.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreement or to the License Agreement, including, but
not limited to, the Earn-Out Payment (collectively, the Released Claims ). The parties to this Letter Agreement
intend the foregoing release and discharge to be as broad as they can possibly create such that it resolves any and all claims and issues
and includes any actions of any kind, including any future action that may be brought by the Releasing Parties, related to the Released
Claims. 

3. The
Releasing Parties further covenant not to sue any of the Released Parties for any Released Claim. The Releasing Parties warrant that they
have not filed any suit, action, complaint, claim or charge against the Released Parties relating to a Released Claim with any local,
state or federal agency or court. The Releasing Parties agree that, if any such agency or court assumes the prosecution or jurisdiction
of any suit, action, complaint, claim or charge against the Released Parties relating to a Released Claim, the Releasing Parties will
immediately dismiss the suit, action, complaint, claim or charge and/or will immediately request such agency or court to dismiss and withdraw
from the matter, and the Releasing Parties will not support the effort of anyone else or any entity that might file a suit, action, complaint,
claim or charge against the Released Parties relating to a Released Claim. In the event the Releasing Parties fail or refuse to undertake
these obligations, the Releasing Parties agree that this Letter Agreement shall operate to effectuate the dismissal or withdrawal of such
suit, action, complaint, charge or claim and that the Releasing Parties will forward to the Released Parties any monies the Releasing
Parties receive from such suit, action, complaint, charge or claim. The Releasing Parties have not assigned or otherwise transferred any
interest in any Released Claim, and they shall not do so now or in the future. The Releasing Parties shall not commence, join in, or in
any manner support or seek relief through any suit, action, complaint, charge or claim arising out of, based upon, or relating to any
Released Claim. 

4. The
Releasing Parties, in return for the consideration provided in this Letter Agreement, agree to indemnify, forever hold harmless, and defend
(with counsel selected by the Released Parties and the Released Parties retaining the sole right to direct and control the litigation)
the Released Parties against any and all loss, cost, expense, claims, cross-claims, cross-actions, liability, liens, suits, demands, damages,
or costs of defense (including attorney s fees and expenses), direct or indirect, whether presently known or unknown, suspected
or unsuspected, asserted or unasserted, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, of whatever kind or nature,
in law or in equity, in any way arising out of or relating to a Releasing Party s violation of this Letter Agreement, including,
but not limited to, a violation of Section 2 or Section 3 above. 

2 

5. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to principles
of conflict of laws. The parties hereto irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or state court located within
New Castle County, Delaware over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Letter Agreement. 

6. If
any provision of this Letter Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other provisions
of this Letter Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the Letter Agreement
is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. 

Except as modified and amended
herein, all of the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and
confirmed by the parties hereto. 

[ Signature page follows. ] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Letter Agreement to be effective as of the date first above written. 

PURCHASER:

MANYCAM
 ULC 

By: 
 /s/
 Jason Katz 

Name: 
 Jason
 Katz 

Title: 
 President

SELLER:

VISICOM
 MEDIA INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Patrice Carrenard 

Name: 
 Patrice
 Carrenard 

Title: 
 President

SOLELY
 WITH RESPECT TO ITS 

OBLIGATIONS
 IN SECTION 2.4(g) OF THE SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

PALTALK,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jason Katz 

Name: 
 Jason
 Katz 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature Page to the Letter Agreement 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_paltalkinc.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Paltalk, Inc. 

(As of March 2023) 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 A.V.M. Software, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 ManyCam ULC 
 
 Canada 
 
 Paltalk Software, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Paltalk Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tiny Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 Camshare, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Fire Talk, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Vumber, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_paltalkinc.htm
 MARCUM LLP CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements of Paltalk, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-211898, File No. 333-174456 and File No. 333-218792) and Form S-3 (File
No. 333-260063) of our report dated March 23, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Paltalk, Inc.
and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paltalk, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 Melville, NY 

 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_paltalkinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jason Katz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paltalk,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_paltalkinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Kara Jenny, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paltalk,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Jenny 

Kara Jenny 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_paltalkinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, each of the undersigned
officers of Paltalk, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable,
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the
Form 10-K. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Jenny 

Kara Jenny 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed
as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 palt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 palt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 palt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 palt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 palt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

