<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1855885_0001410578-23-000352.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5215639</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210227</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>896147</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1524899</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1096385</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1392380</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000352.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324151441
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000352
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Signal Hill Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855885
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862579543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41281
		FILM NUMBER:		23759633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2810 N. CHURCH STREET, STE. 94644
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-425-4721

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2810 N. CHURCH STREET, STE. 94644
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000352.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 sghl-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , - 8172 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered to purchase one share of Class A common stock The Global Market The Global Market The Global Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the Class A shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.92 per share, was approximately . Shares of voting stock held by each executive officer, director and 10 stockholders have been excluded from this calculation. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 22, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents Part I 5 Item 1 Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 10 Item 2. Properties 10 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 10 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 11 Part II 11 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 11 Item 6. [Reserved] 12 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 12 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 18 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 18 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 18 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 19 Item 9B. Other Information 19 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 19 Part III 20 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 20 Item 11. Executive Compensation 28 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 28 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 31 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 34 Part IV 36 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 36 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 38 Signatures 39 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated February 2, 2022; B. Riley are to B. Riley Securities, Inc., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion thereof as further described in Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated February 3, 2022;
 initial public offering or IPO means the initial public offering of 10,000,000 of our units, each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable public warrant, where each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock, which was consummated on February 15, 2022;
 initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares as of the closing of our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees);
 management or our management team are to our officers and directors; private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor and certain of our initial stockholders in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, which private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold in our initial public offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as further described in Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated February 3, 2022;
 public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);
 public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares;
 public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our initial stockholders or B. Riley (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees), in each case, following the consummation of our initial business combination;
 SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;
 sponsor are to Signal Hill Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; trust agreement are to that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Company, dated February 10, 2022; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants; and we, us, Company, the Company, or our Company are to Signal Hill Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses in the areas of direct-to-consumer media, technology, and emerging digital enterprises; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses in the areas of direct-to-consumer media, technology, and emerging digital enterprises; risks associated with acquiring an operating company or business in the areas of direct-to-consumer media, technology, and emerging digital enterprises; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; a lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; our financial performance following our initial public offering; or our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. is a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 18, 2021 as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, with one or more target businesses (the initial business combination ). On February 15, 2022, the Company consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 10,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable public warrant of the Company, with each whole pubic warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022, as later amended (File No. 333-262042). The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and in a second closing on February 28, 2022, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor and certain initial stockholders, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,000,000. The net proceeds from the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds from the private sale of the private placement warrants, 102,000,000 in the aggregate, were placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. None of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the earlier of (i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of the IPO, or (iii) if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 15 months, or up to 21 months if an extension is properly effected, after the closing of the IPO, and such amendment is duly approved. Our Company We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus on direct-to-consumer media, technology, emerging digital enterprise sectors focused businesses that have an aggregate enterprise value of approximately 550 million to 1.2 billion and would benefit from access to public markets and the operational and strategic expertise of our management team and board of directors. We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience of our management team in consummating an initial business combination with the ultimate goal of pursuing attractive returns for our stockholders. Our Sponsor Our sponsor is controlled by a board of managers which consists of Jonathan Bond, our Chief Executive Officer, Grainne Coen, our Chief Financial Officer, and Paul Roberts, a member of our board of directors. Our Management Team and Board of Directors We believe we will greatly benefit from the experiences of our executive officers and directors as we seek to identify and consummate an initial business combination. Our team has extensive experience in the sectors listed above as investors, managers, principals, advisors or directors of companies operating in the direct-to-consumer media, technology and emerging digital enterprise sectors. They also have extensive experience in identifying, negotiating with and conducting due diligence on companies targeted for acquisition and consummating acquisitions in the media, technology and emerging digital enterprise sectors. We believe our management team s backgrounds will provide us with the ability to source transactions and identify target businesses that can thrive as publicly traded companies. Additionally, over the course of their careers, the members of our board of directors, our management team and our sponsor and its affiliates have developed extensive networks of contacts and corporate relationships, which we believe will provide us with an important source of initial business combination opportunities. These networks have provided our management team and our affiliates with deal flow that has resulted in numerous transactions. We anticipate that target business candidates will also be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including family offices, investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Management Team Jonathan Bond , our Chief Executive Officer, is one of the advertising and marketing industry s most recognized leaders and an entrepreneur with over 35 years of experience. He previously was the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal Partners, LLC, an integrated advertising and media agency. Prior to his tenure at Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal Partners, LLC, Mr. Bond served as the Chief Executive Officer of Big Fuel Communications, LLC (now part of Publicis Groupe S.A. (OTCMKTS: PUBGY)), one of the world s largest social media agencies. He helped establish iballs LLC, one of the first online media agencies, which was sold to Avenue A Inc. (and later acquired as Avenue A / Razorfish by Microsoft Corporation) in July 2006. He also co-founded The Media Kitchen and Varick Media Management LLC under the Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal Partners, LLC umbrella. From August 2012 to December 2016, Mr. Bond was the founder of Maestro Management, LLC d/b/a Tomorro, an innovation consultancy. From January 2017 to June 2018, Mr. Bond was the Co-Chairman at The Shipyard, LLC, a full-service advertising agency focused on data science, which acquired Maestro Management, LLC d/b/a Tomorro. From June 2017 to July 2020, Mr. Bond was the Chairman and director of SITO Mobile, Ltd. (OTCMKTS:SITOQ), a digital brand insights platform. He has served as fractional Chief Marketing Officer of UCG, Inc. d/b/a Union Cannabis Group since August 2019. Additionally, since April 2013 he has served as a member of the board of advisors of Sonobi, Inc., an advertising technology developer. Since June 2021, he has served as a member of the board of directors of Kubient, Inc. (NASDAQ:KBNT), a digital marketing platform, and since February 2021, he has also served as a member of the board of directors of Trajectory Alpha Acquisition Corp. (NYSE:TCOA), a special purpose acquisition company SPAC ), and since August 2020, as a member of the board of directors of PAWS, LLC d/b/a Halo Collar, a pet products company. Mr. Bond holds a Bachelor of Arts from Washington University (St. Louis). 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Grainne Coen , our Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, and Secretary, has over 20 years experience in financial and investment management. She is responsible for managing the financial and administrative aspects of the Company including finance and accounting, acquisitions, divestitures, financing transactions, financial structuring, insurance, taxes and human resources. In November 2021, Ms. Coen became Co-Chairperson of Genesis Unicorn Capital Corp. (NASDAQ:GENQ), a SPAC. In June 2021, Ms. Coen joined the board of Commonwealth Credit Partners BDC I, Inc., a business development company. In May 2018, she founded and has remained a partner of Elevation Investment Partners, LLC, a diversified investment group operating in multiple industries both as strategic consultants and early stage investors. From August 2001 to December 2015, she was a principal and portfolio manager at Columbia Partners, LLC Investment Management, where she co-managed over 1 billion in assets held in the fund s U.S. Small Cap Equity Fund. From September 1998 to March 2001, she was a General Partner at Kensington Partners, LLC, and from May 1996 to August 1998, she was employed at G O Partners, LP. Since January 2015, Ms. Coen has also served as Co-Founder and Chairperson of AREA4, LLC, an experiential marketing agency. Since October 2019 Ms. Coen has also served as the Chair of the audit committee of Kubient, Inc. (NASDAQ:KBNT), a digital marketing platform, and from March 2019 to December 2020, as Chair of the board of directors of ERIE ARMADA, Inc., a non-profit focused on the development of underserved communities in conjunction with New York City s Parks and Trails Department. Ms. Coen holds a Bachelor of Science from London Guildhall University. Board of Directors Marcus East is a digital technology and product leader with a passion for driving positive change through the use of technology. With over 25 years experience working as a technology leader for major brands, we believe Mr. East has built a reputation for being a creative technologist, someone who enjoys solving difficult problems in innovative ways, whether they are complex business challenges or life-changing social issues. From March 2021 to the present, he has been employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer of T-Mobile U.S., Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS), one of the United States leading cellular network providers. From May 2019 to March 2021, Mr. East was employed as the Technical Director, Office of the Chief Technology Officer at Google LLC (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the internationally-recognized search engine and digital advertising provider. From April 2017 to April 2019, he worked as an Executive Vice President, Technology and Products, as well as the Chief Technology Officer of National Geographic Partners LLC, an international media conglomerate. From January 2016 to March 2017, he was the Global Digital Director for Marks and Spencer PLC (OTCMKTS:MAKSY), a fashion retailer. From December 2011 to January 2016, he worked as the worldwide Head of eCommerce Solutions delivery at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), one of the world s largest computer hardware and cellular telephone manufacturers and the most valuable company in the world. From December 2009 to December 2011, he served as the Chief Technology Officer and Head of Future Media Technology for Comic Relief UK, a non-profit organization focused on children, responsible for the Big Red Nose campaign. From December 2008 to December 2009, he served as the Chief Technology Officer and Director of Technology at Real World Holdings Limited, the singer Peter Gabriel s recording label. From April 2004 to December 2008, he was employed as the Chief Information Officer and Managing Director of Breathe Internet Limited, an internet hosting provider. From April 2002 to April 2004, he worked as a Managing Director at Inspired Technologies, Inc., an ecommerce solutions provider. From April 2000 to April 2002, he was employed as a Vice President at agency.com, which was part of the Omnicom Group Inc. family of advertising agencies. From October 1994 to April 2000, he worked as a client consultant for International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM), an international computer hardware and software manufacturer. He was a member of the board of directors of WillowTree, Inc., a technology services organization, from March 2021 to December 2022, and served as a member of the board of advisors of CapitalG Management Company LLC, Google LLC s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) independent growth fund from May 2019 to March 2021. He has been a Fellow of the BCS (British Computer Society) Chartered Institute for Information Technology (FBCS) since January 2012. He is also an Expert in Residence of the University of Oxford Foundry, from November 2019 until present. Mr. East holds a Bachelor of Science from London Metropolitan University and a Master of Studies from the University of Cambridge. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Steven G. Felsher has over 30 years experience in finance, administration, governance, capital allocation and other aspects of public and private company management. Much of his career was spent at Grey Global Group Inc. (NASDAQ:GREY), a global marketing services company, which he joined in March 1979 and remained with until, following the sale of the company in September 2004 to WPP Group plc (NYSE:WPP). At Grey Global Group Inc., Mr. Felsher ultimately served as Vice Chairman from April 2000 to May 2007, and Chief Financial Officer from December 1989 to May 2007 with responsibility for all non-client/non-media facing elements of the business including financial management, humanities resources, capital formation, corporate, development, investor relations and acquisitions. After its merger with WPP Group plc in September 2004, Mr. Felsher also served as Chief Integration Officer of Grey Global Group Inc. until September 2007. Mr. Felsher also served as President of Grey Ventures, Grey Global Group Inc. s proprietary venture capital arm which was founded in March 2000. Since its founding in October 2013, Mr. Felsher has acted as a founding partner of Armory Square Ventures, an early stage venture capital fund, where he has overseen a number of investments, been responsible for elements of the fund s governance and assisted in fundraising. In November 2021, Mr. Felsher was appointed to the board of directors of Modular Medical Inc. (OTCMKTS:MODD), a medical device manufacturer focused on the diabetes marketplace. From July 2018 to August 2020, Mr. Felsher served on the board of SITO Mobile, Ltd. (OTCMKTS:SITOQ), and has been on the board of Project Worldwide Inc., a network of global marketing service firms, since December 2008, and Daniel J. Edelman Holdings, Inc., a large public relations company, since October 2011. Mr. Felsher holds a Bachelor of Arts from Dickinson College, a Juris Doctor from Yale Law School, and was a Thomas J. Watson Foundation Fellow. Robert LePlae has over 20 years experience leading some of the largest multinational marketing services organizations in the world, including President CEO, North America for TBWA Worldwide\Chiat\Day (Omnicom Group Inc., NYSE: OMC) from November 2005 to February 2009, President, North America for McCann Worldgroup, LLC (Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc, NYSE: IPG) from July 2009 to October 2011, and Global CEO for Arnold Worldwide (Havas) from August 2012 to February 2014. We believe he has a track record of innovative operating models, portfolio company management, digital media integration and sustained profitable growth. The companies he s led have been acknowledged as US Agency of the Year (Adweek), Global Network of the Year (Advertising Age), and Mr. LePlae himself recognized as Leader of the Year (LAAAA). In October 1999, he pioneered one of the industry s most successful agency mergers with Japanese marketing services giant Hakuhodo to support the Nissan Revival Plan. The Nissan Revival Plan is a Harvard Case Study, and TBWA\Hakuhodo has been recognized as International Agency of the Year (Advertising Age). Since June 2014, Mr. LePlae has been engaged as Principal at RLP Collective, Inc., which advises emerging content and marketing tech companies. At RLP Collective Inc., Mr. LePlae also founded Brand Industries d/b/a Republic Performance Systems in March 2015, a marketing performance valuation technology platform. Since December 2018, Mr. LePlae has served as a board advisor for XCHNG, a blockchain solutions company. Paul Roberts , Chairman of our board of directors, has over 15 years experience in digital media, with particular focus on the art of building companies from inception and shepherding those companies growth all the way to their initial public offering of securities. Accordingly, his background and experience also encompasses sales, marketing strategy, brand development and customer engagement, as such disciplines uniquely exist in the technology and advertising industries. Since June 2017, Mr. Roberts has held various roles at Kubient, Inc. (NASDAQ:KBNT), a digital marketing platform, including Chief Strategy Officer, President and Chairman. In October 2020, Kubient, Inc. s board of directors also appointed Mr. Roberts as Chief Executive Officer of the company. From August 2012 to February 2018, Mr. Roberts was the Chief Executive Officer of CenterPoint Media LLC, an online marketing company that helped brands engage with their customers over lifestyle blogs. Mr. Roberts has also held positions at Logical SEO, Inc. d/b/a Logical Media Group from July 2011 to July 2012, TanzAct Media Inc. from November 2006 to November 2008, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) from April 2005 to November 2006, Hotjobs.com, Ltd. (NASDAQ:HOTJ) from April 2005 to November 2006, and Attain Media, Inc. from October 2001 to February 2005. Mr. Roberts attended Long Island University. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities Our executive offices are located at 2810 N. Church Street, Suite 94644, Wilmington, DE 19802-4447. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our sponsor. Commencing on February 10, 2022, we have agreed to pay such affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two officers, which are our only employees. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Corporate Information Our mailing address is c/o Signal Hill Acquisition Corp., 2810 N. Church Street, Suite 94644, Wilmington, DE 19802-4447, and our telephone number is (646) 504-8172. For additional discussion of the general development of our business, see our final prospectus on Form 424B4, filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022. Available Information The SEC s website, www.sec.gov, provides access, without charge, to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the SEC. The SEC s website also contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our company that we file electronically with the SEC. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our executive offices at c/o Signal Hill Acquisition Corp., 2810 N. Church Street, Suite 94644, Wilmington, DE 19802-4447, and our telephone number is (646) 504-8172. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to that certain Administrative Support Agreement by and between us and our sponsor and dated February 10, 2022. Commencing on February 10, 2022, we have agreed to pay such affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that, in the opinion of management, would have more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol SGHLU on February 15, 2022. On March 25, 2022, the shares of common stock and warrants underlying the Company s units became eligible to trade separately. The Company s common stock and warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols SGHL and SGHLW, respectively. Units not separated continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SGHLU. Holders As of March 22, 2023, there were three holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our shares of common stock, and four holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, shares, and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There were no issuances of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K which were not previously included in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company. Use of Proceeds On February 15, 2022, the Company consummated its IPO of 10,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable public warrant of the Company, with each whole pubic warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022, as later amended (File No. 333-262042). The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and in a second closing on February 28, 2022, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor and certain initial stockholders, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,000,000. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The net proceeds from the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds from the private sale of the private placement warrants, 102,000,000 in the aggregate, were placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. None of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the earlier of (i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of the IPO, or (iii) if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 15 months, or up to 21 months if an extension is properly effected, after the closing of the IPO, and such amendment is duly approved. We also repaid 370,000 in interest-bearing loans made to us by our Chief Financial Officer to cover expenses related to the IPO. Other than as described above, no payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see below Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company recently incorporated as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. On February 15, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 10,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable public warrant of the Company, with each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in our registration statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022, as later amended (File No. 333-262042). The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and in a second closing on February 28, 2022, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants to the sponsor and certain initial stockholders, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,000,000. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 The net proceeds from the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds from the private sale of the private placement warrants, 102,000,000 in the aggregate, were placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. None of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the earlier of (i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, or up to 21 months if an extension is properly effected, as described below, after the closing of the IPO, or (iii) if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination within 15 months, or up to 21 months if an extension is properly effected, as described below, after the closing of the IPO, and such amendment is duly approved. If the Company is unable to complete a business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (ending on May 18, 2023), the Company may, by resolution of its board of directors if requested by its sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO through November 18, 2023), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Public stockholders, in this situation, will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with such extensions. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement, in order for the time available for the Company to consummate the initial business combination to be extended, the sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five business days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 1,000,000 0.10 per public share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three-month extensions, providing a total possible initial business combination period of up to 21 months at a total payment value of 2,000,000 0.20 per share). Any such payments would be made in the form of non-interest bearing loans. If the Company completes an initial business combination, it will, at the option of the sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If the Company does not complete an initial business combination, it will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the trust account. Furthermore, the letter agreement with the Company s initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which the sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans to the extent there is insufficient funds held outside of the trust account in the event that the Company does not complete an initial business combination. The sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for the Company to complete an initial business combination. In the event the Company receives notice from the sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, the Company intends to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, the Company intends to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus on direct-to-consumer media, technology, emerging digital enterprise sectors focused businesses that have an aggregate enterprise value of approximately 550 million to 1.2 billion and would benefit from access to public markets and the operational and strategic expertise of our management team and board of directors. We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience of our management team in consummating an initial business combination with the ultimate goal of pursuing attractive returns for our stockholders. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022, we had 517,841 in cash and working capital of 615,465 (which includes a pending reimbursement from the trust account for the Company s franchise taxes and income taxes in the aggregate amount of 512,801). Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our IPO. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. Since the IPO, we have generated, and will continue to generate, non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our financial statements. Since the IPO, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective initial business combination candidates. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 863,201, which consisted of other income of 2,022,080 which was primarily comprised of 1,435,975 of interest income on investments held in the trust account and a gain of 603,284 related to the change in fair value of the overallotment liability, all offset by formation and operating costs of 646,509, a provision for income taxes of 326,554, and franchise taxes of 185,816. For the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 1,202, which consisted of formation and operational costs of 801 as well as other expenses of 401. Liquidity and Capital Resources As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company had 517,841 of cash and working capital of 615,465 (which includes a pending reimbursement from the trust account for the Company s franchise taxes and income taxes in the aggregate amount of 512,801). Management has determined that there is a possibility that the Company may be unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (ending on May 18, 2023), (or up to 21 months ending on November 15, 2023, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate an initial business combination for total payment value of 2,000,000), and thereby be required to cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve. This uncertainty raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date these financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 769,932, which was attributable to cash used to fund the net income of 863,201, adjusted for net non-cash income of 2,022,748, which included an adjustment of 1,435,975 related to interest earned on investments held in our trust account, and 389,615 of cash provided by changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. For the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 380, which was attributable to cash used to fund the net loss of 1,202, partially offset by 822 of cash provided by changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 102,000,000, which was attributable to the investment of cash in the trust account. For the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there was no net cash provided by investing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 103,286,603, which was primarily attributable to proceeds of 106,000,000 from the IPO and private placement, partially offset by the payment of offering costs of 2,678,397 and the net repayment of a note payable to the Company s chief financial officer in the amount of 35,000. For the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there was 1,550 of cash provided by financing activities, which was attributable to 35,000 of proceeds from the issuance of a note payable to a related party and 25,000 of proceeds from the issuance of founder shares to the sponsor, all partially offset by the payment of offering costs of 58,450. On February 15, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering of 10,000,000 units. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable public warrant of the Company, with each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in our registration statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022, as later amended (File No. 333-262042). The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 100,000,000. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and in a second closing on February 28, 2022, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants to the sponsor and certain initial stockholders, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,000,000. The net proceeds from the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds from the private sale of the private placement warrants, 102,000,000 in the aggregate, were placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay franchise and income taxes. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of the offering, to be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from the offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in our trust account and released to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. Our operating needs include funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Contractual Obligations Other than the below, we do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Administrative Support Agreement Commencing on February 10, 2022, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Registration Rights The holders of our founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to shares of Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion of our initial business combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted B. Riley a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On April 2, 2022, the overallotment option expired unexercised. Business Combination Marketing Agreement On February 10, 2022, the Company and B. Riley entered into that certain Business Combination Marketing Agreement, whereby the Company engaged B. Riley as advisors in connection with its initial business combination to assist it in arranging meetings with its stockholders to discuss a potential business combination and the target business attributes, introduce it to potential investors that may be interested in purchasing its securities, assist it in obtaining stockholder approval for its initial business combination and assist it with the preparation of press releases and public filings in connection with the initial business combination. The Company will pay B. Riley for such services upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination a cash fee in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable), or 3,500,000. Pursuant to the terms of the business combination marketing agreement, no fee will be due if the Company does not complete an initial business combination. The Company determined in accordance with ASC 450-20 that the fee shall be accrued in full at the time of the consummation of the initial business combination as it determined that, at that point in time, the fee is probable and estimable, there is no material future service requirement nor is there any risk of forfeiture. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures must be in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the periods presented. We believe that the estimates and judgments upon which it relies are reasonably based upon information available to us at the time that it makes these estimates and judgments. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial results will be affected. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates and judgments and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results are described below. The following is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies or estimates. Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the notes to our financial statements included at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable shares (including shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified within temporary equity. Changes in redemption value are reflected in additional paid in capital or, in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. At all other times, shares are classified within shareholders equity. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of stockholders deficiency on the Company s balance sheet. Under ASC 480-10-S99, the Company recognizes changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method views the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Offering Costs The Company s accounting for offering costs complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other cash expenses incurred through the closing of the IPO that are directly related to the IPO. In addition, the fair value of shares of Class B common stock that were issued to investors in the private placement were determined to be offering costs, which is described in Note 4 Private Placement in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments on a relative fair value basis compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs related to the IPO amounted to 2,736,847 which were allocated to the Class A Common Stock (temporary equity), overallotment liability (recognized as expense immediately) and public warrants (stockholders equity) and recognized upon the completion of the IPO. Offering costs related to the private placement amounted to 9,680,766 which represented the estimated fair value of Class B common stock to be transferred to investors in the offering and, accordingly, the offering costs were recognized by debiting and crediting additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the offering. Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Warrants and Overallotment Liability The Company evaluates the public warrants, private placement warrants and overallotment option as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the instrument and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the instrument is freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meets the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the instrument meets all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the instrument is indexed to the Company s own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. Pursuant to such evaluation, both public and private placement warrants are classified in stockholders equity and the overallotment option is classified as a current liability and, accordingly, was measured at fair value upon issuance and will be remeasured at each balance sheet date thereafter, with changes in the estimated fair value recognized through earnings. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed financial statements. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 ), as amended, with guidance regarding the accounting for and disclosure of leases. The update requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities related to all leases, including operating leases, with a term greater than 12 months on the balance sheet. This update also requires lessees and lessors to disclose key information about their leasing transactions. In May 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-05 that deferred these dates one year for all other entities, including emerging growth companies. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. The Company expects to adopt ASU 2016-02 during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 and is evaluating the impact on its statements of operations and cash flows. Based upon the leases currently in place, management believes there will be no material impact of adopting the new standard on the Company s condensed financial statements. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference in this Item 8. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, and effected by the Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP including those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the disposition of our assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board of Directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (the 2013 Framework ). Based on this evaluation under the 2013 Framework, our principal executive and financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of March 22, 2023. 

Name Age Position Jonathan Bond 65 Chief Executive Officer and Director Grainne Coen 50 Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary Paul Roberts 46 Director, Chairman Marcus East 50 Director Robert LePlae 62 Director Steven G. Felsher 73 Director Management Team Jonathan Bond , our Chief Executive Officer, is one of the advertising and marketing industry s most recognized leaders and an entrepreneur with over 35 years of experience. He previously was the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal Partners, LLC, an integrated advertising and media agency. Prior to his tenure at Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal Partners, LLC, Mr. Bond served as the Chief Executive Officer of Big Fuel Communications, LLC (now part of Publicis Groupe S.A. (OTCMKTS: PUBGY)), one of the world s largest social media agencies. He helped establish iballs LLC, one of the first online media agencies, which was sold to Avenue A Inc. (and later acquired as Avenue A / Razorfish by Microsoft Corporation) in July 2006. He also co-founded The Media Kitchen and Varick Media Management LLC under the Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal Partners, LLC umbrella. From August 2012 to December 2016, Mr. Bond was the founder of Maestro Management, LLC d/b/a Tomorro, an innovation consultancy. From January 2017 to June 2018, Mr. Bond was the Co-Chairman at The Shipyard, LLC, a full-service advertising agency focused on data science, which acquired Maestro Management, LLC d/b/a Tomorro. From June 2017 to July 2020, Mr. Bond was the Chairman and director of SITO Mobile, Ltd. (OTCMKTS:SITOQ), a digital brand insights platform. He has served as fractional Chief Marketing Officer of UCG, Inc. d/b/a Union Cannabis Group since August 2019. Additionally, since April 2013 he has served as a member of the board of advisors of Sonobi, Inc., an advertising technology developer. Since June 2021, he has served as a member of the board of directors of Kubient, Inc. (NASDAQ:KBNT), a digital marketing platform, and since February 2021, he has also served as a member of the board of directors of Trajectory Alpha Acquisition Corp. (NYSE:TCOA), a SPAC, and since August 2020, as a member of the board of directors of PAWS, LLC d/b/a Halo Collar, a pet products company. Mr. Bond holds a Bachelor of Arts from Washington University (St. Louis). 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Grainne Coen , our Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, and Secretary, has over 20 years experience in financial and investment management. She is responsible for managing the financial and administrative aspects of the Company including finance and accounting, acquisitions, divestitures, financing transactions, financial structuring, insurance, taxes and human resources. In November 2021, Ms. Coen became Co-Chairperson of Genesis Unicorn Capital Corp. (NASDAQ:GENQ), a SPAC. In June 2021, Ms. Coen joined the board of Commonwealth Credit Partners BDC I, Inc., a business development company. In May 2018, she founded and has remained a partner of Elevation Investment Partners, LLC, a diversified investment group operating in multiple industries both as strategic consultants and early stage investors. From August 2001 to December 2015, she was a principal and portfolio manager at Columbia Partners, LLC Investment Management, where she co-managed over 1 billion in assets held in the fund s U.S. Small Cap Equity Fund. From September 1998 to March 2001, she was a General Partner at Kensington Partners, LLC, and from May 1996 to August 1998, she was employed at G O Partners, LP. Since January 2015, Ms. Coen has also served as Co-Founder and Chairperson of AREA4, LLC, an experiential marketing agency. Since October 2019 Ms. Coen has also served as the Chair of the audit committee of Kubient, Inc. (NASDAQ:KBNT), a digital marketing platform, and from March 2019 to December 2020, as Chair of the board of directors of ERIE ARMADA, Inc., a non-profit focused on the development of underserved communities in conjunction with New York City s Parks and Trails Department. Ms. Coen holds a Bachelor of Science from London Guildhall University. Board of Directors Marcus East is a digital technology and product leader with a passion for driving positive change through the use of technology. With over 25 years experience working as a technology leader for major brands, we believe Mr. East has built a reputation for being a creative technologist, someone who enjoys solving difficult problems in innovative ways, whether they are complex business challenges or life-changing social issues. From March 2021 to the present, he has been employed as Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer of T-Mobile U.S., Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS), one of the United States leading cellular network providers. From May 2019 to March 2021, Mr. East was employed as the Technical Director, Office of the Chief Technology Officer at Google LLC (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the internationally-recognized search engine and digital advertising provider. From April 2017 to April 2019, he worked as an Executive Vice President, Technology and Products, as well as the Chief Technology Officer of National Geographic Partners LLC, an international media conglomerate. From January 2016 to March 2017, he was the Global Digital Director for Marks and Spencer PLC (OTCMKTS:MAKSY), a fashion retailer. From December 2011 to January 2016, he worked as the worldwide Head of eCommerce Solutions delivery at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), one of the world s largest computer hardware and cellular telephone manufacturers and the most valuable company in the world. From December 2009 to December 2011, he served as the Chief Technology Officer and Head of Future Media Technology for Comic Relief UK, a non-profit organization focused on children, responsible for the Big Red Nose campaign. From December 2008 to December 2009, he served as the Chief Technology Officer and Director of Technology at Real World Holdings Limited, the singer Peter Gabriel s recording label. From April 2004 to December 2008, he was employed as the Chief Information Officer and Managing Director of Breathe Internet Limited, an internet hosting provider. From April 2002 to April 2004, he worked as a Managing Director at Inspired Technologies, Inc., an ecommerce solutions provider. From April 2000 to April 2002, he was employed as a Vice President at agency.com, which was part of the Omnicom Group Inc. family of advertising agencies. From October 1994 to April 2000, he worked as a client consultant for International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM), an international computer hardware and software manufacturer. He has been a member of the board of directors of WillowTree, Inc., a charitable organization, since March 2021, and served as a member of the board of advisors of CapitalG Management Company LLC, Google LLC s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) independent growth fund from May 2019 to March 2021. He has been a Fellow of the BCS (British Computer Society) Chartered Institute for Information Technology (FBCS) since January 2012. He is also an Expert in Residence of the University of Oxford Foundry, from November 2019 until present. Mr. East holds a Bachelor of Science from London Metropolitan University and a Master of Studies from the University of Cambridge. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Steven G. Felsher has over 30 years experience in finance, administration, governance, capital allocation and other aspects of public and private company management. Much of his career was spent at Grey Global Group Inc. (NASDAQ:GREY), a global marketing services company, which he joined in March 1979 and remained with until, following the sale of the company in September 2004 to WPP Group plc (NYSE:WPP). At Grey Global Group Inc., Mr. Felsher ultimately served as Vice Chairman from April 2000 to May 2007, and Chief Financial Officer from December 1989 to May 2007 with responsibility for all non-client/non-media facing elements of the business including financial management, humanities resources, capital formation, corporate, development, investor relations and acquisitions. After its merger with WPP Group plc in September 2004, Mr. Felsher also served as Chief Integration Officer of Grey Global Group Inc. until September 2007. Mr. Felsher also served as President of Grey Ventures, Grey Global Group Inc. s proprietary venture capital arm which was founded in March 2000. Since its founding in October 2013, Mr. Felsher has acted as a founding partner of Armory Square Ventures, an early stage venture capital fund, where he has overseen a number of investments, been responsible for elements of the fund s governance and assisted in fundraising. In November 2021, Mr. Felsher was appointed to the board of directors of Modular Medical Inc. (OTCMKTS:MODD), a medical device manufacturer focused on the diabetes marketplace. From July 2018 to August 2020, Mr. Felsher served on the board of SITO Mobile, Ltd. (OTCMKTS:SITOQ), and has been on the board of Project Worldwide Inc., a network of global marketing service firms, since December 2008, and Daniel J. Edelman Holdings, Inc., a large public relations company, since October 2011. Mr. Felsher holds a Bachelor of Arts from Dickinson College, a Juris Doctor from Yale Law School, and was a Thomas J. Watson Foundation Fellow. Robert LePlae has over 20 years experience leading some of the largest multinational marketing services organizations in the world, including President CEO, North America for TBWA Worldwide\Chiat\Day (Omnicom Group Inc., NYSE: OMC) from November 2005 to February 2009, President, North America for McCann Worldgroup, LLC (Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc, NYSE: IPG) from July 2009 to October 2011, and Global CEO for Arnold Worldwide (Havas) from August 2012 to February 2014. We believe he has a track record of innovative operating models, portfolio company management, digital media integration and sustained profitable growth. The companies he s led have been acknowledged as US Agency of the Year (Adweek), Global Network of the Year (Advertising Age), and Mr. LePlae himself recognized as Leader of the Year (LAAAA). In October 1999, he pioneered one of the industry s most successful agency mergers with Japanese marketing services giant Hakuhodo to support the Nissan Revival Plan. The Nissan Revival Plan is a Harvard Case Study, and TBWA\Hakuhodo has been recognized as International Agency of the Year (Advertising Age). Since June 2014, Mr. LePlae has been engaged as Principal at RLP Collective, Inc., which advises emerging content and marketing tech companies. At RLP Collective Inc., Mr. LePlae also founded Brand Industries d/b/a Republic Performance Systems in March 2015, a marketing performance valuation technology platform. Since December 2018, Mr. LePlae has served as a board advisor for XCHNG, a blockchain solutions company. Paul Roberts , Chairman of our board of directors, has over 15 years experience in digital media, with particular focus on the art of building companies from inception and shepherding those companies growth all the way to their initial public offering of securities. Accordingly, his background and experience also encompasses sales, marketing strategy, brand development and customer engagement, as such disciplines uniquely exist in the technology and advertising industries. Since June 2017, Mr. Roberts has held various roles at Kubient, Inc. (NASDAQ:KBNT), a digital marketing platform, including Chief Strategy Officer, President and Chairman. In October 2020, Kubient, Inc. s board of directors also appointed Mr. Roberts as Chief Executive Officer of the company. From August 2012 to February 2018, Mr. Roberts was the Chief Executive Officer of CenterPoint Media LLC, an online marketing company that helped brands engage with their customers over lifestyle blogs. Mr. Roberts has also held positions at Logical SEO, Inc. d/b/a Logical Media Group from July 2011 to July 2012, TanzAct Media Inc. from November 2006 to November 2008, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) from April 2005 to November 2006, Hotjobs.com, Ltd. (NASDAQ:HOTJ) from April 2005 to November 2006, and Attain Media, Inc. from October 2001 to February 2005. Mr. Roberts attended Long Island University. Officer and Director Qualifications Our officers and board of directors are composed of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they have gained experience in core management skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. Many of our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other companies, and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes, challenges, and strategies. Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable, managing and investing assets or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 We, along with our officers and directors, believe that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and board members described above, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of consummating an acquisition transaction. Board Committees The Board has both a standing audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each committee has a charter, each of which was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 on January 6, 2022. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Felsher, LePlae, and Roberts. Mr. Felsher serves as chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each member of the audit committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act, and is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Felsher qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules, which generally is any person who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our audit committee charter, include, but are not limited to: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues, and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Felsher, LePlae, and Roberts, all of whom are independent under the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Mr. Roberts serves as chairman of the compensation committee. The Company has adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 21 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support (provided however, after the 15th month, such amount will be paid from the proceeds of an additional loan made by our sponsor) and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The compensation committee charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Felsher, LePlae, and Roberts. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Members of our management team do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, which is extendable at our option to up to 21 months from the closing of this offering, as described herein. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors are required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, which is extendable at our option to up to 21 months from the closing of this offering, as described herein. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under the section of this Annual Report entitled Principal Stockholders - Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants ). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 
 In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Name of Individual Name of Affiliated Company Affiliation Jonathan Bond Kubient, Inc. PAWS, LLC d/b/a Halo Collar Director Director Sonobi, Inc. Advisor Trajectory Alpha Acquisition Corp. Director UCG, Inc. d/b/a Union Cannabis Group Chief Marketing Officer Grainne Coen AREA4, LLC Co-Founder and Chairperson Commonwealth Credit Partners BDC I, Inc. Director Elevation Investment Partners, LLC Partner Genesis Unicorn Capital Corp. Co-Chairperson Kubient, Inc. Director Marcus East T-Mobile USA Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer WillowTree, Inc. Director Steven G. Felsher Armory Square Ventures Partner Daniel J. Edelman Holdings, Inc. Director Modular Medical Inc. Director Project Worldwide Inc. Director Robert LePlae RLP Collective, Inc. Principal Brand Industries d/b/a Republic Performance Systems Founder XCHNG Advisor Paul Roberts Kubient, Inc. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, President, and Chairman of Board of Directors Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers, directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Employment Agreements We have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. Executive Officers and Director Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth as of March 22, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 10,000,000 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding (not excluding 10,000,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption) and 2,500,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding as of March 22, 2023. Currently, the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, as such warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 22, 2023. 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Number of Shares Approximate Number of Shares Approximate Beneficially Percentage of Beneficially Percentage of Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned Class Owned Class Our Sponsor, Directors and Executive Officers Signal Hill Acquisition Sponsor, LLC 2,250,000 78.2 Jonathan Bond Grainne Coen Paul Roberts(2) Marcus East Robert LePlae Steven G. Felsher All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 2,250,000 78.2 Other 5 Stockholders Siu Min Wong(3) 850,000 8.5 Periscope Capital Inc.(4) 639,309 6.4 AQR Capital Management, LLC(5) 609,546 6.1 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund (6) 500,000 5.0 

 Less than 1 . (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Signal Hill Acquisition Corp., 2810 N. Church Street, Suite 94644, Wilmington, DE 19802-4447. (2) Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Mr. Roberts is the managing member of our sponsor. As such, he has voting and investment discretion with respect to the Class B common stock held of record of our sponsor. In addition, Mr. Roberts may be entitled to distributions of private placement warrants from our sponsor following the consummation of our initial business combination. Mr. Roberts disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by our sponsor, other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. (3) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022, Linden Advisors LP and Siu Min Wong have voting and dipositive power over the 850,000 shares of the Class A common stock reported. Linden GP LLC is the general partner of Linden Capital L.P. and, in such capacity, may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Linden Capital L.P. Linden Advisors LP is the investment manager of Linden Capital L.P. and trading advisor or investment advisor for the separately managed accounts of Linden Capital L.P. Mr. Wong is the principal owner and controlling person of Linden Advisors LP and Linden GP LLC. In such capacities, Linden Advisors LP and Mr. Wong may each be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by each of Linden Capital L.P. and the separately managed accounts of Linden Capital L.P. The principal business address for Linden Capital L.P. is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The principal business address for each of Linden Advisors LP, Linden GP LLC and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10022. (4) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2022, Periscope Capital Inc. have voting and dipositive power over the 639,306 shares of the Class A common stock reported. The principal address of Periscope Capital Inc. is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. (5) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, AQR Capital Management have voting and dipositive power over the 609,546 shares of the Class A common stock reported. The principal address of AQR Capital Management is 2810 N. Church Street, Suite 94644, Wilmington, DE 19802-8172 (6) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022, Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund have voting and dipositive power over the 500,000 shares of the Class A common stock reported. The principal address of Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Changes in Control None. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Founder Shares On March 31, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.007 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate of 3,750,000 founder shares. In December 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 875,000 founder shares for no consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares outstanding to 2,875,000, resulting in an effective purchase price paid for the founder shares of approximately 0.009 per share (see Note 8 Stockholders Equity in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional details). Of the founder shares outstanding, 375,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which B. Riley s option to purchase additional units is exercised. On April 2, 2022, the overallotment option expired unexercised, such that 375,000 founder shares were forfeited by the sponsor. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the IPO On February 15, 2022, the sponsor entered into an agreement to forfeit an aggregate of 625,000 shares of Class B common stock for no consideration in connection with the issuance of the same number of shares to the initial stockholders, which such shares were forfeited by the Company s transfer agent and were then reissued to the initial stockholders. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the sponsor had agreed to transfer an aggregate of 733,704 shares of Class B common stock to other purchasers of private placement warrants. The sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the date of the consummation of an initial business combination, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. On December 23, 2021, we entered into agreements with two initial stockholders, Equitec Proprietary Markets, LLC and 272 Capital Master Fund Ltd. 272 Capital ), to purchase an aggregate of 625,000 founder shares and 2,500,000 private placement warrants, which were issued to such initial stockholders in a private placement consummated concurrently with our IPO, for aggregate consideration of 2,500,000. The general partner of 272 Capital is 272 Advisors LLC, which is majority-owned by B. Riley Capital Management, LLC, whose ultimate parent is B. Riley Financial, Inc., which is also the ultimate parent of B. Riley Securities, Inc., the underwriter of our initial public offering. Although 272 Capital has no beneficial ownership over any of our securities, directly or indirectly, 272 Capital has indirect pecuniary interest, as an initial stockholder, to 312,500 founder shares and 1,250,000 private placement warrants. In connection with the private placement offering, the sponsor raised outside capital and, accordingly, has entered into agreements with investors to purchase membership interests in the sponsor. These agreements to acquire membership interests provide the investors with an ownership interest in the private placement warrants and Class B common stock that are currently held in the sponsor s name. In connection with such purchases, the sponsor has agreed to transfer an aggregate of 1,358,704 shares of the Company s Class B common stock to the investors in the private placement offering. Related Party Loans On March 31, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 100,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022 or (ii) the consummation of the IPO. During the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there was a draw and subsequent repayment of 10,000 under the Promissory Note, such that there was no balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On July 22, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in the amount of 25,000. The note bears interest at the rate of 0.17 per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, became immediately due and payable thirty (30) days from the date of the IPO. On November 10, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s chief financial officer in the amount of 10,000. The note bears interest at the rate of 0.17 per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, became immediately due and payable thirty (30) days from the date of the IPO. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 On January 3, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in the amount of 35,000. The note bears interest at the rate of 0.17 per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, became immediately due and payable thirty (30) days from the date of the IPO. On February 15, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in the amount of 300,000. The note bears interest at the rate of 0.17 per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, became immediately due and payable thirty (30) days from the date of the IPO. On March 1, 2022, the Company repaid the outstanding promissory notes, as described above, payable to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in the aggregate principal amount of 370,000, which includes promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 35,000 that were issued to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in 2021, and accrued interest of 60. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Administrative Support Agreement Commencing on February 10, 2022, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We recognized expense of 105,000 and 0 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had accrued 105,000 and 0, respectively, related to the agreement. General Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Certain officers of companies affiliated with B. Riley Financial, Inc. who will assist us in sourcing potential acquisition targets, have invested in our sponsor by subscribing units issued by the sponsor. These officers and directors will not receive any cash compensation from us prior to a business combination but through their investment in the sponsor will be eligible to share in a portion of any appreciation in founder shares and private placement warrants, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. Furthermore, we will engage B. Riley Securities, Inc. as advisors in connection with our business combination to assist us in arranging meetings with our stockholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that may be are interested in purchasing our securities, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the business combination and assist us with the preparation of our press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay B. Riley Securities, Inc. for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination a cash fee in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of this offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). Pursuant to the terms of the business combination marketing agreement, no fee will be due if we do not complete an initial business combination. Related Party Policy Our audit committee reviews and approves all new related party transactions. We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: Repayment of up to an aggregate of 100,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; Payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 21 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support (provided however, after the 15th month, such amount will be paid from the proceeds of an additional loan made by our sponsor); Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. 
 Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Director Independence Nasdaq rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent, and that audit committee members also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The Nasdaq independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three (3) years, one of our employees, that neither the director nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us and that the director is not associated with the holders of more than five percent (5 of our common stock. In addition, under applicable Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of the listed company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning their background, employment and affiliations, our board of directors has determined that all of our four directors, do not have relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the listing standards of Nasdaq. In making such determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each such non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant in determining his independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. For a further description of director independence, see above Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Public Accounting Fees During the year ended December 31, 2022, the firm of Marcum LLP, has acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our financial information included in required filings with the SEC for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 118,450 and 60,255, respectively. The amount includes interim review procedures and audit fees in connection with our financial statements included in our registration statements. Audit-Related Fees. We did not pay Marcum LLP for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for tax planning and tax advice for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for other services for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-Approval of Services Since our audit committee had not yet been formed when principal accountant services commenced in 2021, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve any of the principal accountant services provided during 2021, although all such services were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the audit committee, including all of the 2022 principal accountant services, have been approved by the audit committee. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements financial statements and notes are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT DESCRIPTION 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the DRS on Form S-1 filed on July 2, 2021). 3.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form S-1/A filed on February 3, 2022). 3.3 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Form S-1/A filed on February 3, 2022). 3.4 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Form S-1 filed on January 6, 2022). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form S-1/A filed on February 3, 2022). 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form S-1/A filed on February 3, 2022). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 4.5 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022). 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, among the Company, B. Riley, the Company s officers and directors and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.2 Promissory Note, dated March 31, 2021, issued to Signal Hill Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the DRS on Form S-1 filed on July 2, 2021). 10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.5 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 31, 2021, between the Company and Signal Hill Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form S-1 filed on January 6, 2022). 10.6 First Amendment to Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 31, 2021, between the Company and Signal Hill Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form S-1 filed on January 6, 2022). 10.7 Form of Initial Stockholders Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Form S-1 filed on January 6, 2022). 10.8 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company, the sponsor, and B. Riley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.9 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.10 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Jonathan Bond (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.11 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Grainne Coen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.12 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Marcus East (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.13 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Steven G. Felsher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.14 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Robert LePlae (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.15 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and Paul Roberts (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.16 Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between the Company and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.17 Amended and Restated Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated February 15, 2022, between the Company and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.18 Amended and Restated Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated February 15, 2022, among the Company, the sponsor, and B. Riley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.19 Sponsor Private Placement Agreement, dated February 15, 2022, between the Company and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2022). 10.20 Forfeiture Agreement, dated February 15, 2022 between the Company and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022). 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 10.21 Amended and Restated Sponsor Private Placement Agreement, dated February 18, 2022 among the Company, the sponsor and Paul Roberts (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022). 14 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Form S-1 filed on January 6, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. . 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. Dated: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Jonathan Bond Name: Jonathan Bond Title: Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Jonathan Bond Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2023 Jonathan Bond (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Grainne Coen Chief Financial Officer March 24, 2023 Grainne Coen (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) /s/ Paul Roberts Paul Roberts Director March 24, 2023 /s/ Steven Felsher Steven Felsher Director March 24, 2023 /s/ Robert LePlae Robert LePlae Director March 24, 2023 /s/ Marcus East Marcus East Director March 24, 2023 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has limited cash and working capital and continues to use cash in operations. In addition, management has determined that the Company may be unsuccessful in consummating an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and thereby be required to cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 24, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Prepaid expenses, non-current portion Deferred offering costs Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued offering costs Franchise taxes payable Income taxes payable Notes payable - related party Accrued interest - related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at redemption value (at per share) Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Stockholders Equity 

 (1) shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture if the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. On April 2, 2022, the option expired unexercised, such that shares of Class B common stock were forfeited by the sponsor (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period For the Year From February 18, Ended 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating Expenses: Formation and operating costs General and administrative expense Franchise tax expense Total Operating Expenses Loss From Operations ) ) Other Income (Expenses): Change in fair value of overallotment liability Interest income Interest expense ) ) Offering costs ) Bank fees ) ) Total Other Income (Expense) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) Net Income (Loss) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock Basic and diluted net income per common stock, Class A common stock Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock (1) Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock, Class B common stock 

 (1) shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture if the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. On April 2, 2022, the option expired unexercised, such that shares of Class B common stock were forfeited by the sponsor (see Note 5). On March 23, 2021, the sponsor paid in consideration for an aggregate of founder shares. In December 2021, the sponsor surrendered an aggregate of founder shares for consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares outstanding to . All shares and related amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect to the forfeiture. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY For the Period from February 18, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 and For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional Total Class B Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance -February 18, 2021 (Inception) Issuance of Class B common stock to sponsor (1) Net loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of public warrants, net of offering costs allocated to public warrants of Issuance of private placement warrants Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value ) ) ) Forfeiture of Class B common stock by sponsor (2) ) ) Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2022 ) 

 (1) in consideration for an aggregate of founder shares. In December 2021, the sponsor surrendered an aggregate of founder shares for consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares outstanding to . All shares and related amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect to the forfeiture. Included shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture if the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. See note (2) below. (2) shares of Class B common stock were forfeited by the sponsor (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period From February 18, 2021 For the Year Ended (Inception) to December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Non-cash offering costs Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account ) Change in fair value of overallotment liability ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued interest - related party ) Franchise taxes payable Income taxes payable Net Cash Used In Operating Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) Net Cash Used In Investing Activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from initial public offering Proceeds from private placement warrants Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to sponsor Proceeds from issuance of note payable - related party Repayment of note payable - related party ) Advance from related party Repayment of advance to related party ) Payment of offering costs ) ) Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities Net Increase in Cash Cash - Beginning of the Period Cash - End of the Period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: (Reversal) accrual of deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs ) (Reversal) accrual of deferred offering costs included in accounts payable ) Remeasurement of Class A common stock Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNAL HILL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the public shares or the Class A Common Stock ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and in a second closing on February 28, 2022, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of private placement warrants at a price of per private placement warrant in a private placement to Signal Hill Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the sponsor and certain initial stockholders, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs related to the IPO amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs. In addition, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and was available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. As described in Note 7, of business combination marketing fees become due and payable upon the consummation of the Business Combination. Transaction costs related to the private placement amounted to as of December 31, 2022, which represented the estimated fair value of Class B common stock to be transferred to investors in the offering, which is described in Note 4. Following the closing of the IPO on February 15, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee (the Trust Account ), to be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of private placement warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating one or more Business Combinations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 per public share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company will not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor has agreed to vote its founder shares (as defined in Note 5) and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the public shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and public shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its public shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company has from closing of the IPO (ending on May 18, 2023), which is extendable at our option to up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO (to end on November 18, 2023) (the Combination Period to complete a Business Combination. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 from the closing of the IPO, the Company may, by resolution of its board if requested by its sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional (for a total of up to from the closing of the IPO), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. Public Stockholders, in this situation, will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with such extensions. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement, in order for the time available for the Company to consummate the Business Combination to be extended, the sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five business days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account per public share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three-month extensions, providing a total possible Business Combination period of up to at a total payment value of per share). Any such payments would be made in the form of non-interest bearing loans. If the Company completes a Business Combination, it will, at the option of the sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into warrants at a price of per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, it will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the Trust Account. Furthermore, the letter agreement with the Company s initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which the sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans to the extent there are insufficient funds held outside of the Trust Account in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination. In the event the Company receives notice from the sponsor prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, the Company intends to issue a press release announcing such intention at least prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, the Company intends to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. The sponsor, certain initial stockholders of the Company and its officers and directors entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the sponsor, initial stockholders, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 in cash and working capital of (which includes a pending reimbursement from the Trust Account for the Company s franchise taxes and income taxes in the aggregate amount of ). Management has determined that there is a possibility that the Company may be unsuccessful in consummating an initial Business Combination within (or up to if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination for total payment value of from the closing of the IPO, and thereby be required to cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve, raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date these financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial Business Combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Risks and Uncertainties COVID-19 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures, such as restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic has at times significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. Future developments and the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the financial markets and the overall economy are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial markets and/or the overall economy are impacted for an extended period, the Company s results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the Company s ability to complete an Initial Business Combination may be materially adversely affected due to significant governmental measures being implemented to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact, including travel restrictions, the shutdown of businesses and quarantines, among others, which may limit the Company s ability to have meetings with potential investors or affect the ability of a potential target company s personnel, vendors and service providers to negotiate and consummate an Initial Business Combination in a timely manner. The Company s ability to consummate an Initial Business Combination may also be dependent on the ability to raise additional equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak and the market downturn. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 of cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2021. which were allocated to the Class A Common Stock (temporary equity), overallotment liability (recognized as expense immediately) and Public Warrants (stockholders equity) and recognized upon the completion of the IPO. Offering costs related to the private placement amounted to which represented the estimated fair value of Class B common stock to be transferred to investors in the offering and, accordingly, the offering costs will be recognized by debiting and crediting additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the offering. unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Refer to Note 9, Income Taxes, for further discussion. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class B common stock that were subject to forfeiture if the option to purchase additional units was not exercised by the underwriter (see Note 8). The Company has two classes of stock, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of stock. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Remeasurement adjustments associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in connection with the IPO and the private placement because the warrants are contingently exercisable and the contingencies have not yet been met. The warrants are exercisable to purchase Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net loss per common stock is the same as basic net loss per common stock for the periods presented. Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding including common stock subject to redemption Basic and diluted net income per share For the Period From February 18, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 Class A Class B Basic and diluted net loss per share: Numerator: Allocation of net income (loss) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding including common stock subject to redemption Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one -half of one redeemable public warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). The Company s underwriter had a -day option to purchase additional Units at per Unit, which was recorded as a liability as of February 15, 2022 with an estimated fair value of . On April 2, 2022, the overallotment option expired unexercised, such that the Company recognized the change in fair value of the overallotment liability of , respectively, during year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 6 - Fair Value Measurement. Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of simultaneously with the closing of the IPO as well as on the dates of one or more additional closings (each, an Additional Closing Date ), with the transactions involving the Initial Stockholders detailed at the end of this Note 4. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and in a second closing on February 28, 2022, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and certain initial stockholders, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 shares of the Company s Class B common stock to the investors discussed above. The Company determined that the fair value of the Class B common stock to be acquired by the purchasers should be recorded as an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. The Company determined that the estimated fair value of the aggregate of shares of Class B common stock to be transferred to the purchasers was approximately per share or in the aggregate and was based on the Probability-Weighed Expected Return Method. Accordingly, the offering costs were recognized by debiting and crediting additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the private placement offering. Pursuant to the Private Placement Agreement, the Company paid to the Trust Account on February 15, 2022. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The following details the terms of the subscription agreements entered into by the Company with the Initial Stockholders: 272 Capital Master Fund Ltd. 272 Capital is a member of the Company s Sponsor. The general partner of 272 Capital is 272 Advisors LLC, which is majority-owned by B. Riley Capital Management, LLC, whose ultimate parent is B. Riley Financial, Inc., which is also the ultimate parent of B. Riley Securities, Inc. On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with 272 Capital to purchase shares of the Company s Class B common stock and Private Placement Warrants to purchase shares of common stock for aggregate consideration of . On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Equitec Proprietary Markets, LLC (together with 272 Capital, the Investors to purchase shares of the Company s Class B common stock and Private Placement Warrants to purchase shares of common stock for aggregate consideration of . , or approximately per share, to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. In December 2021, the sponsor surrendered an aggregate of founder shares for consideration, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares outstanding to , resulting in an effective purchase price paid for the founder shares of approximately per share (see Note 8). Of the founder shares outstanding, founder shares are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters option to purchase additional units is exercised. On April 2, 2022, the overallotment option expired unexercised, such that founder shares were forfeited by the sponsor. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent of the outstanding shares after this offering. See Note 4 Private Placement. On February 15, 2022, the sponsor entered into an agreement to forfeit an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock for consideration in connection with the issuance of the same number of shares to the Initial Stockholders as described in Note 4, which such shares were forfeited by the Company s transfer agent and were then reissued to the Initial Stockholders. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the sponsor had agreed to transfer an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock to other purchasers of private placement warrants as described in Note 4. The sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022 or (ii) the consummation of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a draw and subsequent repayment of under the Promissory Note. On July 22, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s chief financial officer in the amount of . The note bears interest at the rate of per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, shall become immediately due and payable thirty ) days from the date of the IPO. See below for repayment details. On November 10, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s chief financial officer in the amount of . The note bears interest at the rate of per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, shall become immediately due and payable thirty ) days from the date of the IPO. See below for repayment details. On January 3, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s chief financial officer in the amount of . The note bears interest at the rate of per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, shall become immediately due and payable thirty ) days from the date of the IPO. See below for repayment details. On February 15, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company s chief financial officer in the amount of . The note bears interest at the rate of per annum, payable annually. The principal, together with accrued but unpaid interest, shall become immediately due and payable thirty 30 days from the date of the IPO. See below for repayment details. On March 1, 2022, the Company repaid the outstanding promissory notes payable to the Company s chief financial offer in the aggregate principal amount of which includes promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of that were issued to the Company s Chief Financial Officer in 2021, and accrued interest of . As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding promissory notes payable. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement commencing on February 10, 2022 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and administrative support services. The Company recognized expense of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, related to the agreement. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. as of February 15, 2022. On April 2, 2022, the option to purchase additional units expired unexercised and, accordingly, there was overallotment liability as of December 31, 2022. The Company allocated the proceeds received from the sale of Units (which is inclusive of share of Class A common stock and one -half of one public warrant), first to the public warrants and overallotment liability based 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 Expected term (years) Expected volatility Expected dividends The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the overallotment liability during the year ended December 31, 2022: Issuance of overallotment liability Expiration of overallotment option ) Balance - December 31, See Note 4 for additional details regarding the fair value of the Company s Class B common stock. demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On April 2, 2022, the overallotment option expired unexercised. See Note 3 for additional details. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 of the gross proceeds of the IPO (exclusive of any applicable finders fees in the aggregate amount of , which might become payable). Pursuant to the terms of the business combination marketing agreement, no fee will be due if the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Company determined in accordance with ASC 450-20 that the fee shall be accrued in full at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination as it determined that, at that point in time, the fee is probable and estimable, there is no material future service requirement nor is there any risk of forfeiture. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding , excluding shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding , respectively, of which, and shares were subject to forfeiture as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Only holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a stockholders agreement or other arrangements with the stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. Warrants As of December 31, 2022, there were warrants outstanding. See Note 4 for details. As of December 31, 2021, there were no warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, or the - day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. The Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by the Company in this offering. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the trust account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and private placement warrants outstanding, respectively. See Note 4 for details. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants included as part of the Units sold in the IPO, except that the private placement warrants do not trade. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants do not trade. Deferred ) State: Current Deferred ) Change in valuation analysis Income tax provision The Company has not paid any income taxes for its operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s net deferred tax assets (liability) are as follows: Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) Deferred tax assets, net As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers NOLs ). 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Net change in overallotment valuation ) Stock issuance costs Change in valuation allowance Other ) Income tax provision The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and New York state and is subject to examinations since inception. The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company has recorded a current tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 of as a result of its investment income and the establishment of deferred tax assets primarily related to its capitalization of startup costs. The Company has established valuation allowances against all deferred tax assets because realization of their income tax benefits is not deemed to be more likely than not. 
 F-21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sghl-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jonathan Bond, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Signal Hill Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Jonathan Bond Jonathan Bond Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sghl-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Grainne Coen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Signal Hill Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Grainne Coen Grainne Coen Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sghl-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan Bond, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Jonathan Bond Jonathan Bond Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sghl-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Grainne Coen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Grainne Coen Grainne Coen Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sghl-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sghl-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sghl-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sghl-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

