<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1061983_0000950170-23-005515.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19299631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>834372</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2200198</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9761942</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2407257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3665924</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>25</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005515.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301160715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005515
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CYTOKINETICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001061983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943291317
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50633
		FILM NUMBER:		23693494

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 OYSTER POINT BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 624-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 OYSTER POINT BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005515.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 cytk-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 From the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The approximate aggregate market value of voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion as of June 30, 2022. (A) 
 (A) Excludes 34.8 million shares of common stock held by directors and executive officers, and any stockholders whose ownership exceeds ten percent of the shares outstanding, at June 30, 2022. Exclusion of shares held by any person should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 As of February 27, 2023, the number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 IND EX 

Page 

Glossary of Terms 
 
 3 

Forward Looking Statements Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 
 6 

Summary of Principal Risk Factors 
 
 8 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 10 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 31 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 60 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 61 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 61 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 61 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 62 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 63 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 64 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 73 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 75 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 111 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 111 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 113 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 113 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 114 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 114 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 114 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 114 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 114 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 115 

Exhibits 
 
 115 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 119 

Signatures 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 
 Glossary of Terms 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Cytokinetics, the Company, we, us or our in this Form 10-K (defined below) refer to Cytokinetics, Incorporated and its subsidiaries. References to Notes in this Form 10-K are to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. We also have used other specific terms in this Form 10-K, most of which are explained or defined below: 

Term/Abbreviation 
 
 Definition 

2004 Plan 
 
 Cytokinetics Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 

2020 RTW Transactions 
 
 The transactions contemplated by the RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement, Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement and the Common Stock Purchase Agreements, dated July 14, 2020, by and between Cytokinetics and the RTW Investors. 

2021 RTW Transactions 
 
 The transactions contemplated by the Ji Xing OM License Agreement and the Common Stock Purchase Agreements, dated December 20, 2021 by and between Cytokinetics and the RTW Investors 

2022 RPI Transactions 
 
 The transactions contemplated by the RP Loan Agreement and the RP Aficamten RPA 

2026 Notes 
 
 Cytokinetics 4 convertible senior notes due 2026 

2027 Indenture 
 
 Indenture Agreement, dated July 6, 2022, between Cytokinetics and U.S. Bank Trust Company, as trustee 

2027 Notes 
 
 Cytokinetics 3.50 convertible senior notes due 2027 

ACA 
 
 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act 

ACC 
 
 American College of Cardiology 

AHA 
 
 American Heart Association 

ALS 
 
 amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as Lou Gehrig s Disease) 

ALSFRS-R 
 
 ALS Functional Rating Scale Revised 

Amgen Agreement 
 
 Collaboration and Option Agreement, dated December 29, 2006, as amended, between Cytokinetics and Amgen 

ARR 
 
 absolute risk reductions 

Astellas Agreement 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement, dated June 21, 2013, between Cytokinetics and Astellas 

Astellas FSRA Agreement 
 
 Fast Skeletal Regulatory Activator Agreement, dated April 23, 2020 between Cytokinetics and Astellas 

Astellas OSSA Agreement 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement for Other Skeletal Sarcomere Activators, dated April 23, 2020, as amended, between Cytokinetics and Astellas 

ASU 2020-06 
 
 ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity 

BTR/W 
 
 background therapy reduction/withdrawal 

cGMP 
 
 current Good Manufacturing Practice 

China 
 
 People's Republic of China (including the Hong Kong and Macau SARs) 

CMC 
 
 Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls 

CMO 
 
 Contract Manufacturing Organizations 

Compensation Committee 
 
 Compensation and Talent Committee of Cytokinetics Board of Directors 

Convertible Notes 
 
 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes 

COURAGE-ALS 
 
 Clinical Outcomes Using Reldesemtiv on ALSFRS-R in a Global Evaluation in ALS 

CPET 
 
 cardiopulmonary exercise testing 

CRL 
 
 Complete Response Letter 

CRO 
 
 Contract Research Organization 

CV 
 
 cardiovascular 

DMC 
 
 Data Monitoring Committee 

E.U. or EU 
 
 European Union 

EEA 
 
 European Economic Area 

eGFR 
 
 estimated glomerular filtration rate 

EMA 
 
 European Medicines Agency 

ESPP 
 
 employee stock purchase plan 

Exchange Act 
 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

FDA 
 
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration 

Final Payment Amount 
 
 As defined in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Sources and Uses of Cash, 2022 Royalty Pharma Transactions 

Table of Contents 

FOREST-HCM 
 
 Five-Year, Open-Label, Research Evaluation of Sustained Treatment with Aficamten in HCM 

FORTITUDE-ALS 
 
 Functional Outcomes in a Randomized Trial of Investigational Treatment with CK-2127107 to Understand Decline in Endpoints in ALS 

FSRA 
 
 fast skeletal regulatory activator 

FSTA 
 
 fast skeletal muscle troponin activator 

Fundamental Change 
 
 As defined in the 2027 Indenture 

Funding Agreement 
 
 As defined in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data), Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Note 3 (Research and Development Arrangements), Funding Agreement 

GAAP 
 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. 

GALACTIC-HF 
 
 Global Approach to Lowering Adverse Cardiac Outcomes Through Improving Contractility in Heart Failure 

GCP 
 
 Good Clinical Practice 

GDPR 
 
 General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) 

HCM 
 
 hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 

HFrEF 
 
 heart failure with reduced ejection fraction 

HFSA 
 
 Heart Failure Society of America 

HHS 
 
 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 

HIPAA 
 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act 

ICER 
 
 Institute for Clinical and Economic Review 

IND 
 
 Investigational New Drug 

IRA 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

IRB 
 
 Institutional Review Board 

Ji Xing 
 
 Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited and/or its affiliates, including Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong Limited 

Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement, dated July 14, 2020, by and between Cytokinetics and Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited 

Ji Xing Agreements 
 
 Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement and Ji Xing OM License Agreement 

Ji Xing OM License Agreement 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between Cytokinetics and Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited 

KCCQ 
 
 Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire 

KCCQ-OSS 
 
 KCCQ Overall Summary Score 

Lenders 
 
 Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance LLC 

LSM 
 
 least square mean 

LVEF 
 
 left ventricular ejection fraction 

LVOT 
 
 left ventricular outflow tract 

LVOT-G 
 
 left ventricular outflow tract gradient 

MAA 
 
 Marketing Authorization Application 

MAPLE-HCM 
 
 M etoprolol vs A ficamten in P atients with L VOT Obstruction on E xercise E ndpoints Capacity in HCM 

Mavacamten Royalty 
 
 certain payments on the net sales of products containing the compound mavacamten pursuant to the Research Collaboration Agreement, dated August 24, 2012, between Cytokinetics and MyoKardia, Inc. 

NDA 
 
 New Drug Application 

nHCM 
 
 non-obstructive HCM 

NOLs 
 
 net operating loss carryforward 

NYHA 
 
 New York Heart Association 

oHCM 
 
 obstructive HCM 

OLE 
 
 Open-Label Extension 

Ownership Change 
 
 As defined in Part 1, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, General Risks 

Oxford 
 
 Oxford Finance LLC 

Oyster Point Lease 
 
 Lease, dated July 24, 2019, by and between Cytokinetics and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC, as amended 

Partial Redemption Limitation 
 
 As defined in the 2027 Indenture 

PSU 
 
 Performance Stock Unit 

Table of Contents 

Radnor Lease 
 
 As defined in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data), Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Note 9 (Commitments and Contingencies) Operating Leases 

REDWOOD-HCM 
 
 Randomized Evaluation of Dosing With CK-274 in Obstructive Outflow Disease in HCM 

REDWOOD-HCM OLE 
 
 Randomized Evaluation of Dosing With CK-274 in Obstructive Outflow Disease in HCM Open Label Extension 

REMS 
 
 Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy 

RP Aficamten Liability 
 
 As defined in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Results of Operations, Non-cash interest expense on liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements 

RP Aficamten RPA 
 
 Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between Cytokinetics and Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV 

RP Loan Agreement 
 
 Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and Cytokinetics 

RP OM Liability 
 
 As defined in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data), Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Note 6 (Agreements with Royalty Pharma) 2017 RP Omecamtiv Mecarbil Royalty Purchase Agreement 

RP OM RPA 
 
 Royalty Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, by and between the Cytokinetics and RPI Finance Trust, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated January 7, 2022 

RPDF 
 
 Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC 

RPFT 
 
 RPI Finance Trust 

RPI ICAV 
 
 Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV 

RSU 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit 

RTW ICAV 
 
 RTW Investments ICAV for RTW Fund 1 

RTW Investors 
 
 RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd. and RTW Venture Fund Limited 

RTW Royalty Holdings 
 
 RTW Royalty Holdings Designated Activity Company 

RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement 
 
 Royalty Purchase Agreement, dated July 14, 2020, between Cytokinetics and RTW Royalty Holdings 

SAM 
 
 systolic anterior motion 

Section 382 
 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code 

Securities Act 
 
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

SEQUOIA-HCM 
 
 Safety, Efficacy, and Quantitative Understanding of Obstruction Impact of Aficamten in HCM 

SGLT2 
 
 sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 

SMA 
 
 spinal muscular atrophy 

SPA 
 
 Special Protocol Assessment 

SVC 
 
 slow vital capacity 

Tax Act 
 
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 

Term Loan Agreement 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2015, by and among Cytokinetics, Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank and Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, by and among Cytokinetics, Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank 

U.S. or US 
 
 United States 

This Form 10-K includes discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether. 
 CYTOKINETICS and our C-shaped logo are registered trademarks of Cytokinetics in the U.S. and certain other countries. Other service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. 
 The information contained on our website, our Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn pages or our Twitter accounts, or any third-party website, is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 
 FORWARD LOOKI NG STATEMENTS 
 PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 This report contains forward-looking statements indicating expectations about future performance and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. We intend that such statements be protected by the safe harbor created thereby. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and our actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about or relating to: 
 
 the initiation, design, conduct, enrollment, progress, timing and scope of clinical trials and development activities for our drug candidates conducted by ourselves or our partners, including the anticipated timing for completion and announcement of results of our clinical trials, including SEQUOIA-HCM, and COURAGE-ALS, anticipated rates of enrollment for clinical trials and anticipated timing of results becoming available or being announced from clinical trials; 

guidance concerning revenues and net cash use for 2023; 

the sufficiency of existing resources to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months; 

our capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our expectations as to our cash utilization for 2023 and in any subsequent period; 

the results from the clinical trials, the non-clinical studies and chemistry, manufacturing, and controls activities of our drug candidates and other compounds, and the significance and utility of such results; anticipated interactions with regulatory authorities; 

our ability to ensure commercial availability of an antibody-based immunoassay for the dose optimization of omecamtiv mecarbil; 

our and our partners plans or ability to conduct the continued research and development of our drug candidates and other compounds; 

the timing and likelihood of regulatory approval for any of our other drug candidates; 

our expected roles in research, development or commercialization under our strategic alliances with our partners and collaborators; 

the properties and potential benefits of, and the potential market opportunities for, our drug candidates and other compounds, including the potential indications for which they may be developed; 

the sufficiency of the clinical trials conducted with our drug candidates to demonstrate that they are safe and efficacious; 

our receipt of milestone payments, royalties, reimbursements and other funds from current or future partners under strategic alliances; 

our ability to continue to identify additional potential drug candidates that may be suitable for clinical development; 

market acceptance of our drugs; 

changes in third party healthcare coverage and reimbursement policies; 

our plans or ability to commercialize drugs, with or without a partner, including our intention to develop sales and marketing capabilities; 

the focus, scope and size of our research and development activities and programs; 

the utility of our focus on the biology of muscle function, and our ability to leverage our experience in muscle contractility to other muscle functions; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 

future payments and other obligations under loan, lease, and revenue interest agreements and the Convertible Notes; 

potential competitors and competitive products; 

retaining key personnel and recruiting additional key personnel; 

6 

Table of Contents 
 
 the potential impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our financial position or results of operations; and 

the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our research and development activities and business operations. 

Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: 
 decisions by Ji Xing with respect to the timing, design and conduct of development and commercialization activities for aficamten or omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan; 

our ability to meet any of the conditions for disbursement and our receipt of any loan disbursements under the RP Loan Agreement; 

our ability to meet any of the conditions for disbursement of additional sale proceeds under the RP Aficamten RPA; 

our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials by any particular date; 

our ability to complete our clinical trials by any particular date; 

our ability to enter into strategic partnership agreements for any of our programs on acceptable terms and conditions or in accordance with our planned timelines; 

our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all; 

our receipt of funds and access to other resources under our current or future strategic alliances, in the development, testing, manufacturing or commercialization of our drug candidates or slower than anticipated patient enrollment, in our or partners clinical trials, or in the manufacture and supply of clinical trial materials; 

failure by our contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations and other vendors to properly fulfill their obligations or otherwise perform as expected; 

results from non-clinical studies that may adversely impact the timing or the further development of our drug candidates and other compounds; 

the possibility the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may delay or limit our or our partners ability to conduct clinical trials or may delay or withhold approvals for the manufacture and sale of our drug candidates; 

changing standards of care and the introduction of products by competitors or alternative therapies for the treatment of indications we target that may limit the commercial potential of our drug candidates; 

difficulties or delays in achieving market access, reimbursement and favorable drug pricing for our drug candidates and the potential impacts of health care reform; 

changes in laws and regulations applicable to drug development, commercialization or reimbursement; 

the uncertainty of protection for our intellectual property, whether in the form of patents, trade secrets or otherwise; 

potential infringement or misuse by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties; 

activities and decisions of, and market conditions affecting, current and future strategic partners; 

accrual information provided by and performance of our contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, and other vendors; 

potential ownership changes under Internal Revenue Code Section 382; and 

the timeliness and accuracy of information filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission by third parties. 

In addition, such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in the Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this document. Such statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 
 SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Specific to our Research and Development Activities 
 We recently received a CRL from FDA in response to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. The CRL stated that results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. No assurance can be given that we will be able to address any of the deficiencies noted in the CRL and/or obtain FDA approval of our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. 

Clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the desired safety and efficacy of our drug candidates, including aficamten and reldesemtiv, which could prevent or significantly delay completion of clinical development and regulatory approval. 

The regulatory approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent our partners or us from obtaining approvals to commercialize some or all of our drug candidates. 

Our clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and may be subject to delay. 

If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, including COURAGE-ALS and SEQUOIA-HCM, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely impact our business and could materially and adversely affect our operations, as well as the businesses or operations of our or our partners, manufacturers, CROs or other third parties with whom we or our partners conduct business. 

The failure to successfully develop, validate and obtain regulatory clearance or approval of an antibody based immunoassay for plasma concentrations of omecamtiv mecarbil could harm our development and commercialization strategy for omecamtiv mecarbil in the United States. 

The failure to successfully develop, validate and obtain regulatory clearance or approval of an antibody based immunoassay for plasma concentrations of omecamtiv mecarbil could be required by EMA for approval of our MAA in the E.U. and as a result could delay our development and commercialization strategy for omecamtiv mecarbil in the E.U. and other countries of the EEA. 

We depend on CROs to conduct our clinical trials and have limited control over their performance. If these CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, or if we lose any of our CROs, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis, if at all. 

Risks Specific to our Commercial Operations 
 Our competitors may develop drugs that are less expensive, safer and/or more effective than ours, which may diminish or eliminate the commercial success of any drugs that we may commercialize. 

Even if our drug candidates are approved, we may experience difficulties or delays in achieving market access, reimbursement and favorable drug pricing for our drug products. 

The commercial success of our products depends on the availability and sufficiency of third party payor coverage and reimbursement. 

We have no manufacturing capacity and depend on contract manufacturers to produce our clinical trial materials, including our drug candidates, and will have continued reliance on contract manufacturers for the development and commercialization of our potential drugs. 

We may not be able to successfully manufacture our drug candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our drug candidates and commercializing resulting approved drugs, if any. 

If we or our partners receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates, we or they will be subject to ongoing obligations to and continued regulatory review by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies, and may be subject to additional post-marketing obligations, all of which may result in significant expense and limit commercialization of our potential drugs. 

If physicians and patients do not accept our drugs, we may be unable to generate significant revenue, if any. 

8 

Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Specific to our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends substantially upon our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection relating to our drug candidates, compounds and research technologies. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business would be harmed. 

If we are sued for infringing third-party intellectual property rights, it will be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome could have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

We may undertake infringement or other legal proceedings against third parties, causing us to spend substantial resources on litigation and exposing our own intellectual property portfolio to challenge. 

We may become involved in disputes with our strategic partners over intellectual property ownership, and publications by our research collaborators and clinical investigators could impair our ability to obtain patent protection or protect our proprietary information, either of which would have a significant impact on our business. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed trade secrets of their former employers. 

Financial Risks 
 We have a history of significant losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability and, as a result, you may lose part or all of your investment. 

We will need substantial additional capital in the future to sufficiently fund our operations. 

We have never generated, and may never generate, revenues from commercial sales of our drugs, and we may not have drugs to market for at least several years, if ever. 

We may not be entitled to obtain additional loan disbursements under the RP Loan Agreement or the RP Aficamten RPA. 

Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the RP Loan Agreement. 

Legal and Compliance Risks 
 Recently enacted laws, including the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, and potential future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain regulatory approval of, and to commercialize our products and affect the prices we may obtain upon commercialization. 

Our relationships with customers, healthcare providers, clinical trial sites and professionals and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, including healthcare, privacy and data security laws and regulations, we could face criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 

9 

Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing first-in-class muscle activators and next-in-class muscle inhibitors as potential treatments for debilitating diseases in which muscle performance is compromised and/or declining. We have discovered and are developing muscle-directed investigational medicines that may potentially improve the health span of people with devastating cardiovascular and neuromuscular diseases of impaired muscle function. Our research and development activities relating to the biology of muscle function have evolved from our knowledge and expertise regarding the cytoskeleton, a complex biological infrastructure that plays a fundamental role within every human cell. As a leader in muscle biology and the mechanics of muscle performance, we are developing small molecule drug candidates specifically engineered to impact muscle function and contractility. 
 Our research continues to drive innovation and leadership in muscle biology. All of our drug candidates have arisen from our cytoskeletal research activities. Our focus on the biology of the cytoskeleton distinguishes us from other biopharmaceutical companies, and potentially positions us to discover and develop novel therapeutics that may be useful for the treatment of severe diseases and medical conditions. Each of our drug candidates has a novel mechanism of action compared to currently marketed drugs, which we believe validates our focus on the cytoskeleton as a productive area for drug discovery and development. We intend to leverage our experience in muscle contractility to expand our current pipeline and expect to identify additional potential drug candidates that may be suitable for clinical development. 
 Corporate Strategy 
 As a leader in muscle biology and the mechanics of muscle performance, we are developing small molecule drug candidates specifically engineered to impact muscle function and contractility. Our goal is to discover, develop and commercialize novel drug products that modulate muscle function to improve patient health span, with the intent of establishing a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company. 
 In 2020, we articulated our five-year strategic plan, Vision 2025: Leading with Science, Delivering for Patients, designed to enable Cytokinetics to become the leading muscle biology biopharmaceutical company that meaningfully improves the lives of patients with diseases of impaired muscle function through access to novel medicines arising from its research. 
 The key components of our five-year Corporate Strategy are: 
 Achieve regulatory approvals for at least two drugs arising from our pipeline. We are committed to fueling a diverse and expansive pipeline of muscle-directed drug candidates advancing toward regulatory approval. As we advance our drug candidates into later-stage clinical development, we extensively evaluate previous clinical trial designs and results to assess key learnings that may be applied to our late-stage clinical development activities. We believe this may result in more successful later-stage clinical development activities that may increase the likelihood of achieving regulatory success and deliver effective therapies to patients that can address the needs of people living with devastating diseases of muscle impairment. Pursuing a broad-based clinical development strategy may afford us the opportunity to not be reliant on the outcome of a singular clinical program or clinical trial result, thereby potentially mitigating the risk of clinical development and regulatory hurdles. We or our partners have been conducting extensive clinical trials for our most advanced drug candidates and we believe that three drug candidates may be poised to achieve potential regulatory approval by 2025 and we strive to develop compelling scientific, clinical and value-driven rationales that may lead to regulatory approvals. 

10 

Table of Contents 
 
 Build commercial capabilities to market and sell our medicines reflective of their innovation and value. With a focus on disease areas for which there are serious unmet medical needs, we direct our activities to potential commercial opportunities in concentrated and tractable customer segments, such as hospital specialists and disease-specific centers of excellence, which may be addressed by smaller, targeted sales forces. In preparing for the potential commercialization of our drug candidates directed to these markets, we are focusing our activities on the key issues facing, physicians, patients and payors, including the principal drivers of clinical and economic burdens associated with these diseases. We have established alliances and collaborations with leading academic institutions and professional societies to analyze clinical and claims data to better understand the real-world burden of disease from a clinical and economic standpoint. We believe this approach may inform the value proposition that our potential first-in-class and next-in-class therapies may offer to various stakeholders within the healthcare ecosystem. Targeting unmet medical needs may provide us competitive advantages and support our development of a franchises in diseases involving muscle function. In the markets for our potential therapies, we believe that a company with limited resources may be able to compete effectively against larger, more established companies with greater financial and commercial resources. For these opportunities, we intend to build sales and marketing capabilities in North America and potentially in Europe with the goal of becoming a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company. 

Generate sustainable and growing revenues from product sales. As we move toward becoming a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company, we expect to evolve our corporate development strategies to raise capital through a combination of strategic partnerships and equity capital financings to one that is sustained from product generated revenues that are expected to grow over time. We expect to successfully commercialize at least two of our drug candidates in the U.S. and potentially in Europe and achieve growing profitability. Through prudent investment spending fueled by commercial returns alongside other potential strategic partnerships and royalty monetization deals, we seek to provide investor returns while continuing to conduct proprietary research to support future commercial programs. Additionally, we strive to ensure sustainable growth of product sales and long-term profitability through lifecycle management strategies. 

Double our development pipeline to include ten therapeutic programs. We believe that our extensive understanding of muscle biology and our proprietary research activities should enable us to discover and potentially to develop additional muscle directed drug candidates with novel mechanisms of action that may offer potential benefits not provided by existing drugs and which may have application across a broad array of diseases and medical conditions. Progressing related programs in parallel may afford us an opportunity to build a broader business that could benefit from multiple products that serve related clinical and commercial needs associated with impaired muscle function, muscle weakness and fatigue. In addition, this strategy may enable us to diversify certain technical, financial and operating risks by advancing several drug candidates in parallel. In 2020 we advanced five potential drug candidates through various stages of clinical development. As part of our five-year Corporate Strategy, we intend to expand our research discovery platform beyond muscle contractility to support doubling our pipeline to ten therapeutic programs. 

Expand our discovery platform to muscle energetics, growth and metabolism. We expect that we may be able to leverage our expertise in muscle contractility to expand muscle biology research programs related to other areas of muscle function and which may extend to the potential treatment of other serious, yet adjacent, diseases and conditions. As most muscle-related diseases are accompanied by defects in metabolism or mitochondrial function, we also anticipate that treatments that modulate contractility could be additive with therapeutics that boost metabolic capacity. We can augment our industry-leading expertise in muscle contractility by building similar expertise in mitochondrial biology and technologies. Strategies toward enhancing our discovery platform into muscle energetics and metabolism include building human and capital resources for mitochondrial and metabolism research capabilities, expanding strategic academic partnerships, engaging the mitochondrial research community, engaging the mitochondrial disease advocacy community, and evaluating therapeutic and technology platforms for potential in-licensing. 

Be the science-driven company people want to join and partner with. We build our science around patients and their families through authentic and ongoing engagement and are committed to transforming patients lives through our activities. Our goal is to provide employees with an opportunity to contribute to something bigger than any one of the individuals at the company. We believe that a commitment to a diverse, inclusive and respectful culture goes beyond what is right to do; it is foundational to building a successful, creative, and science driven company, and essential to develop a community of colleagues who are impassioned by our purpose to improve the lives of patients. As a patient-centric organization, we rely on an approach where clinical outcomes, patient experiences and patients goals for care intersect. We value our partnerships with industry, professional societies, advocacy organizations, vendors and academic institutions and aim to solicit ongoing feedback to ensure interests are aligned and collaborations are successful. 

11 

Table of Contents 
 
 Research and Development Programs 
 Our long-standing interest in the cytoskeleton has led us to focus our research and development activities on the biology of muscle function and, in particular, small molecule modulation of muscle contractility. We believe that our expertise in the modulation of muscle contractility is an important differentiator for us. Our preclinical and clinical experience in muscle contractility may position us to discover and develop additional novel therapies that have the potential to improve the health of patients with severe and debilitating diseases or medical conditions. 
 Small molecules that affect muscle contractility may have several applications for a variety of serious diseases and medical conditions. For example, heart failure is a disease often characterized by impaired cardiac muscle contractility which may be treated by modulating the contractility of cardiac muscle. Similarly, certain diseases and medical conditions associated with muscle weakness may be amenable to treatment by enhancing the contractility of skeletal muscle. Because the modulation of the contractility of different types of muscle, such as cardiac and skeletal muscle, may be relevant to multiple diseases or medical conditions, we believe we can leverage our expertise in these areas to more efficiently discover and develop potential drug candidates that modulate the applicable muscle type for multiple indications. 
 We segment our research and development activities related to muscle contractility by our cardiac muscle contractility program and our skeletal muscle contractility program. We also conduct research and development on novel treatments for disorders involving muscle function beyond muscle contractility. 
 Our research and development expenses were 240.8 million for 2022, 159.9 million for 2021, and 97.0 million for 2020. 
 Our Cardiac Muscle Program 
 Our cardiac muscle contractility program is focused on the cardiac sarcomere, the basic unit of muscle contraction in the heart. The cardiac sarcomere is a highly ordered cytoskeletal structure composed of cardiac myosin, actin and a set of regulatory proteins. Cardiac myosin is the cytoskeletal motor protein in the cardiac muscle cell. It is directly responsible for converting chemical energy into the mechanical force, resulting in cardiac muscle contraction. Our most advanced cardiac program is based on the hypothesis that activators of cardiac myosin may address certain adverse properties of existing positive inotropic agents. Current positive inotropic agents, such as beta-adrenergic receptor agonists or inhibitors of phosphodiesterase activity, increase the concentration of intracellular calcium, thereby increasing cardiac sarcomere contractility. The effect on calcium levels, however, also has been linked to potentially life-threatening side effects. In contrast, our novel cardiac myosin activators work by a mechanism that directly stimulates the activity of the cardiac myosin motor protein, without increasing the intracellular calcium concentration. They accelerate the rate-limiting step of the myosin enzymatic cycle and shift it in favor of the force-producing state. Rather than increasing the velocity of cardiac contraction, this mechanism instead lengthens the systolic ejection time, which results in increased cardiac function in a potentially more oxygen-efficient manner. 
 Our earlier stage cardiac program is based on the hypothesis that inhibitors of hyperdynamic contraction and obstruction of left ventricular blood flow may counteract the pathologic effects of mutations in the sarcomere that lead to hypertrophic cardiomyopathies. A targeted oral therapy addressing this disease etiology may improve symptoms, exercise capacity and potentially slow disease progression. 
 Omecamtiv mecarbil 
 We are developing omecamtiv mecarbil as a potential treatment across the continuum of care in heart failure both for use in the hospital setting and for use in the outpatient setting. 
 Omecamtiv mecarbil is a selective, small molecule cardiac myosin activator, the first of a novel class of myotropes designed to directly target the contractile mechanisms of the heart, binding to and recruiting more cardiac myosin heads to interact with actin during systole. Omecamtiv mecarbil is designed to increase the number of active actin-myosin cross bridges during each cardiac cycle and consequently augment the impaired contractility that is associated with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction, or HFrEF. 
 HFrEF is a grievous condition that is estimated to affect more than 32 million people worldwide an estimated half of whom have reduced left ventricular function. It is the leading cause of hospitalization and readmission in people age 65 and older. Despite broad use of standard treatments and advances in care, the prognosis for patients with heart failure is generally poor. An estimated one in five people over the age of 40 are at risk of developing heart failure, and approximately 50 of people diagnosed with heart failure will die within five years of initial hospitalization. Approximately 2 million people in the U.S. are estimated to have an ejection fraction 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 
 GALACTIC-HF 
 GALACTIC-HF is a Phase 3 cardiovascular outcomes clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil which was conducted by Amgen, in collaboration with Cytokinetics. The primary objective of this double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled multicenter clinical trial is to determine if treatment with omecamtiv mecarbil when added to standard of care is superior to standard of care plus placebo in reducing the risk of cardiovascular death or heart failure events in patients with high risk chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction. GALACTIC-HF was conducted under an SPA with the FDA. GALACTIC-HF completed enrollment in mid-2019, having enrolled 8,256 symptomatic chronic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction in over 1,000 sites in 35 countries who were either currently hospitalized for a primary reason of heart failure or had had a hospitalization or admission to an emergency room for heart failure within one year prior to screening. Patients were randomized to either placebo or omecamtiv mecarbil with dose titration up to a maximum dose of 50 mg twice daily based on the plasma concentration of omecamtiv mecarbil after initiation of drug therapy. The primary endpoint is a composite of time to cardiovascular death or first heart failure event, whichever occurs first, with heart failure event defined as hospitalization, emergency room visit, or urgent unscheduled clinic visit for heart failure. Secondary endpoints include time to cardiovascular death; patient reported outcomes as measured by the KCCQ Total Symptom Score; time to first heart failure hospitalization; and time to all-cause death. 
 GALACTIC-HF: Primary Results 
 The results of GALACTIC-HF show that after a median duration of follow-up of 21.8 months, the trial demonstrated a statistically significant effect of treatment with omecamtiv mecarbil to reduce risk of the primary composite endpoint of CV death or heart failure events (heart failure hospitalization and other urgent treatment for heart failure) compared to placebo in patients treated with standard of care. A first primary endpoint event occurred in 1,523 of 4,120 patients (37.0 in the omecamtiv mecarbil group and in 1,607 of 4,112 patients (39.1 in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 0.92; 95 confidence interval [CI] 0.86, 0.99; p=0.025). This effect was observed without evidence of an increase in the overall rates of myocardial ischemic events, ventricular arrhythmias or death from cardiovascular or all causes. 
 The statistically significant reduction in the composite of heart failure events or CV deaths, without significant imbalances in the overall incidence of adverse events across treatment arms, was observed in one of the broadest and most diverse range of patients enrolled in a contemporary heart failure trial. GALACTIC-HF included both inpatients and outpatients, and with a high representation of participants with moderate to severe heart failure symptoms as well as lower ejection fraction, systolic blood pressure and renal function. 
 No reduction in the secondary endpoint of time to CV death was observed. Death from cardiovascular causes occurred in 808 (19.6 patients treated with omecamtiv mecarbil and 798 patients (19.4 assigned to placebo (hazard ratio, 1.01; 95 CI, 0.92 to 1.11; p=0.86). The pre-specified analysis of change from baseline to week 24 in the KCCQ total symptom score by randomization setting (inpatient mean difference [95 CI]: 2.50 [0.54, 4.46], outpatient mean difference: -0.46 [-1.40, 0.48], joint P = 0.028) did not meet the significance threshold of P=0.002 based upon the multiplicity control testing procedure. No other secondary endpoints were met in accordance with the prespecified statistical analysis. 
 The effect of omecamtiv mecarbil was consistent across most prespecified subgroups and with a potentially greater treatment effect suggested in patients with a lower LVEF (LVEF 28 , n=>4,000, hazard ratio, 0.84; 95 CI 0.77, 0.92; interaction p=0.003). Omecamtiv mecarbil also significantly decreased NT-proBNP concentrations by 10 (95 CI 6-14 at Week 24 compared to placebo. 
 The overall safety profile of omecamtiv mecarbil in GALACTIC-HF appeared to be consistent with data from previous trials. Adverse events and treatment discontinuation of study drug were balanced between the treatment arms. In general, the overall rates of myocardial ischemia, ventricular arrhythmias and death were similar between treatment and placebo groups. Additionally, there was no significant difference in the change in systolic blood pressure between baseline and at 24 or 48 weeks between the omecamtiv mecarbil and placebo groups. There was a small but significant decrease in heart rate in participants assigned to omecamtiv mecarbil compared to placebo at both timepoints. Median cardiac troponin I concentration increased 4 ng/L (95 CI 3-5; limit of detection, 6 ng/L) from baseline with omecamtiv mecarbil compared to placebo. 
 GALACTIC-HF: Further Analyses 
 Since our release of the primary results, we have conducted and announced supplemental and subgroup analyses suggesting that certain subgroups of patients treated with omecamtiv mecarbil in GALACTIC-HF may benefit more than the general patient population in such trial. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 
 For example, additional results showed that the effect of omecamtiv mecarbil on the primary composite endpoint in GALACTIC-HF was consistent across most prespecified subgroups and with a potentially greater treatment effect suggested in patients with a lower LVEF (LVEF 28 , n=4,456, hazard ratio, 0.84; 95 CI 0.77, 0.92; interaction p=0.003). Supplemental analyses of this lower ejection fraction subgroup in GALACTIC-HF showed that this potentially greater treatment effect in patients who received omecamtiv mecarbil was consistently observed in patients with characteristics that may indicate advanced heart failure status, such as being hospitalized within the last 3 months (HR 0.83, 95 CI 0.74 0.93, p=0.001), having New York Association Class III or IV heart failure (HR 0.80, 95 CI 0.71 0.90, p 
 Another analysis assessed the effect of omecamtiv mecarbil on clinical outcomes in relationship to patient baseline ejection fraction by evaluating the effect of patient treatment with omecamtiv mecarbil based on quartiles of baseline EF defined as EF 22 , EF 23-28 , EF 29-32 and EF 33 as well as considering baseline EF as a continuous variable. The incidence of the primary outcome of first heart failure event or cardiovascular death increased with decreasing ejection fraction; in the lowest LVEF quartile (EF 22 the incidence (35.6 per 100 patient-years) was almost 80 greater than in the highest EF quartile (EF 33 ; 20 per 100 patient-years). Treatment with omecamtiv mecarbil demonstrated a 15 (HR 0.85; 95 CI 0.74-0.97; p = 0.016) and 17 (HR 0.83; 95 CI 0.73-0.95; p = 0.005) relative risk reduction in the lower two quartiles, respectively, compared to no difference in the upper two quartiles. 
 Analysis of ejection fraction as a continuous variable demonstrated a progressively larger treatment effect of omecamtiv mecarbil with decreasing ejection fraction. Accordingly, the absolute treatment effect on the primary composite endpoint also increased between the patients treated with placebo and omecamtiv mecarbil as baseline ejection fraction decreased such that in the lowest ejection fraction quartile, there was an absolute reduction of 7.4 events per 100 patient-years, with a number-needed-to-treat of 11.8 patients necessary to prevent an event over three years. 
 An analysis of patients with low blood pressure showed that there was a greater treatment effect from omecamtiv mecarbil on the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death or first heart failure event than in patients without low blood pressure such that there was an absolute risk reduction of 9.8 events per 100 patient-years (hazard ratio, 0.81; 95 confidence interval [CI] 0.70, 0.94; interaction p=0.051). Patients with low blood pressure treated with omecamtiv mecarbil also experienced improvements in blood pressure over time as did those treated with placebo. Additionally, the incidence of treatment-emergent serious adverse events in patients with low blood pressure who received omecamtiv mecarbil (RR 0.88; 95 CI 0.82, 0.95; p 
 An analysis of Black patients participating in GALACTIC-HF showed that treatment with omecamtiv mecarbil resulted in a trend towards reduction in the primary endpoint by 18 (HR=0.82, 95 CI 0.64-1.04), corresponding to a reduction in the primary event rate of 7.7/100 patient-years with a number-needed-to-treat of 13 patients. This result, like the overall study results, was driven primarily by a reduction in HF hospitalizations (HR=0.80) and HF events (HR=0.82), with no effect on cardiovascular mortality (HR=1.03). There were no significant differences in adverse events in Black patients between the groups treated with omecamtiv mecarbil and placebo. 
 A further analysis indicated that the rate of the primary outcome in GALACTIC-HF was higher in hospitalized patients in the placebo group (38.3/100 person-years [PY]) than in outpatients (23.1/100 PY) with an adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of 1.21 (95 CI 1.12, 1.31). There was a stepwise gradient in risk, with those randomized as outpatients in the placebo group within 3 months of a heart failure event at the highest risk (26.6/100 patient years (PY)) as compared with those 9-12 months post-event (19.0/100 PY) with an adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of 1.20 (95 CI 1.01, 1.42), p for trend = 0.008). The effect of omecamtiv mecarbil versus placebo on the primary outcome was similar in hospitalized patients (HR 0.89, 95 CI 0.78, 1.01) and outpatients (HR 0.94, 95 CI 0.86, 1.02), indicating that omecamtiv mecarbil similarly reduced the risk of the primary outcome both when initiated in hospitalized patients and in outpatients. In both hospitalized patients and outpatients, the initiation of omecamtiv mecarbil was safe and well tolerated. Treatment-emergent serious adverse events occurred more frequently in patients randomized during hospitalization but did not differ significantly between the treatment groups. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 
 New Drug Application/Regulatory 
 On February 28, 2023, we announced that we received a CRL from the FDA s Division of Cardiology and Nephrology regarding our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF. According to the CRL, GALACTIC-HF is not sufficiently persuasive to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for reducing the risk of heart failure events and cardiovascular death in adults with chronic heart failure with HFrEF, in lieu of evidence from at least two adequate and well-controlled clinical investigations. In addition, FDA stated that results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. FDA s decision to issue a CRL follows an FDA Cardiovascular and Renal Drugs Advisory Committee s vote of 8 to 3 in December 2022 that the benefits of omecamtiv mecarbil do not outweigh its risks for the treatment of HFrEF. 
 We expect to request a meeting with FDA in order to understand FDA s views regarding the CRL and what may be required to support potential approval of omecamtiv mecarbil in the United States. However, we have no plans to conduct an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil. No assurance can be given that we will be able to address any of the deficiencies noted in the CRL and/or obtain FDA approval of our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. 
 In December 2022, the EMA accepted for review our MAA seeking approval of omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF in the E.U. and the other states of the EEA, and in November 2022, our partner, Ji Xing announced that the Center for Drug Evaluation of the National Medical Products Administration of the People s Republic of China had accepted the submission of the NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF. 
 Ji Xing Collaboration for Greater China 
 On December 20, 2021, we entered into the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, pursuant to which we granted to Ji Xing an exclusive license to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. Under the terms of the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, we may be eligible to receive from Ji Xing additional payments totaling up to 330.0 million for the achievement of certain commercial milestone events in China in connection to omecamtiv mecarbil. In addition, Ji Xing will pay us tiered royalties in the mid-teens to the low twenties range on the net sales of pharmaceutical products containing omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan, subject to certain reductions for generic competition, patent expiration and payments for licenses to third party patents. The Ji Xing OM License Agreement, unless terminated earlier, will continue on a market-by-market basis until expiration of the relevant royalty term. 
 Royalty Pharma Revenue Interest 
 In 2017, we entered into a Royalty Purchase Agreement, which we refer to as the RP OM RPA, with Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC, or RPFT, and amended the RP OM RPA on January 7, 2022. Pursuant to the RP OM RPA, as amended, RPFT has a revenue interest entitling it to up to 5.5 of our and our affiliates and licensees worldwide net sales of omecamtiv mecarbil. If FDA approves omecamtiv mecarbil at any time after June 30, 2023, the royalty rate at which payments are owed to RPFT will be 5.5 . 
 Aficamten 
 Aficamten is a novel, oral, small molecule cardiac myosin inhibitor that our company scientists discovered. Aficamten arose from an extensive chemical optimization program conducted with attention to therapeutic index and pharmacokinetic properties that may translate into next-in-class potential in clinical development. Aficamten was purposely designed to reduce the hypercontractility that is associated with HCM. In preclinical models, aficamten reduces myocardial contractility by binding directly to cardiac myosin at a distinct and selective allosteric binding site, thereby preventing myosin from entering a force producing state. Aficamten reduces the number of active actin-myosin cross bridges during each cardiac cycle and consequently reduces myocardial contractility. This mechanism of action may be therapeutically effective in conditions characterized by excessive hypercontractility, such as HCM. The preclinical pharmacokinetics of aficamten were characterized evaluated and optimized for potential rapid onset, ease of titration and rapid symptom relief in the clinical setting. The initial focus of the development program for aficamten will include an extensive characterization of its pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamic PK/PD relationship as has been a hallmark of Cytokinetics industry-leading development programs in muscle pharmacology. The overall development program will assess the potential of aficamten to improve exercise capacity and relieve symptoms in patients with hyperdynamic ventricular contraction due to HCM. 
 HCM is a disease in which the heart muscle (myocardium) becomes abnormally thick (hypertrophied). The thickening of cardiac muscle leads to the inside of the left ventricle becoming smaller and stiffer, and thus the ventricle becomes less able to relax and fill with blood. This ultimately limits the heart s pumping function, resulting in symptoms including chest pain, dizziness, shortness of breath, or fainting during physical activity. A subset of patients with HCM are at high risk of progressive disease which can lead to atrial fibrillation, stroke and death due to arrhythmias. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 FDA has granted aficamten orphan drug designation for the treatment of symptomatic HCM and Breakthrough Therapy Designation for aficamten for the treatment of oHCM. 
 REDWOOD-HCM 
 REDWOOD-HCM is a Phase 2, multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, dose finding clinical trial of aficamten in patients with symptomatic HCM. 
 In Cohorts 1 and 2 of REDWOOD-HCM, patients continued taking background medications exclusive of disopyramide. Results from Cohorts 1 and 2 showed that treatment with aficamten for 10 weeks resulted in statistically significant reductions from baseline compared to placebo in the average resting LVOT-G (p=0.0003, p=0.0004, Cohort 1 and Cohort 2, respectively) and the average post-Valsalva LVOT-G (p=0.001, p 
 Treatment with aficamten in Cohorts 1 and 2 of REDWOOD-HCM was generally well tolerated. The incidence of adverse events was similar between treatment arms. No serious adverse events were attributed to aficamten and no treatment interruptions occurred on aficamten. No new cases of atrial fibrillation in patients treated with aficamten were reported. In this dose-range finding trial, one patient experienced a transient decrease in LVEF that required dose adjustment but not dose interruption. LVEF returned to baseline within two weeks after the end of treatment in both cohorts, which was consistent with the reversibility of LVEF decreases that were similarly observed in healthy participants in the Phase 1 study of aficamten. 
 A subsequent analysis investigated changes from baseline in echocardiographic measures of cardiac structure and function after 10 weeks of treatment with aficamten compared with placebo. At baseline, all patients (n=41) enrolled in Cohorts 1 and 2 of REDWOOD-HCM had severe LVOT obstruction, 88 had associated SAM of the mitral valve, and 90 had mitral regurgitation. SAM occurs when the mitral valve leaflet gets pushed against the interventricular septum during systole, resulting in obstruction of the LVOT and mitral regurgitation. Measures of cardiac structure, diastolic and mitral valve function improved at Week 10 in patients treated with aficamten. There was a significant reduction in left atrial volume index (p 
 Cohort 3 of REDWOOD-HCM enrolled thirteen patients with symptomatic oHCM and a resting or post-Valsalva LVOT-G of 50 mmHg whose background therapy included disopyramide and, in the majority (11 out of 13 patients), a beta-adrenergic blocker. These patients remained symptomatic despite use of disopyramide and represent a group of patients resistant to available medical therapies. Patients in Cohort 3 demonstrated a substantial reduction in the mean SD) resting LVOT-G (from 50 25 at baseline to 24 17 mmHg at Week 10) and Valsalva LVOT-G (from 78 27 to 50 25 mmHg). For the resting LVOT-G, the least square mean difference SE) for the change from baseline to Week 10 was -28 3.2 mmHg (p 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 
 Cohort 4 of REDWOOD-HCM has completed enrollment. Cohort 4 enrolled, in an open label fashion, 30-40 patients with symptomatic nHCM receiving background medical therapy. At screening, patients must have a LVEF of 60 , an elevated NT-proBNP >300 pg/mL, and must not have resting or post-Valsalva LVOT gradients 
 SEQUOIA-HCM 
 SEQUOIA-HCM is a Phase 3 randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multi-center clinical trial designed to evaluate aficamten in patients with symptomatic oHCM on background medical therapy for 24 weeks. The primary objective is to assess the effect of aficamten on change in peak oxygen uptake (pVO2) measured by CPET from baseline to week 24. Secondary objectives include change in KCCQ score from baseline to week 12 and week 24, the proportion of patients with 1 class improvement in NYHA Functional Class from baseline to week 12 and week 24, change in post-Valsalva LVOT-G to week 12 and week 24, the proportion of patients with post-Valsalva LVOT-G 
 SEQUOIA-HCM is open for enrollment. We have now enrolled more than two-thirds of the targeted 270 patients. In SEQUOIA-HCM, this trial is enrolling patients randomized on a 1:1 basis to receive aficamten or placebo in addition to standard-of-care treatment. Each patient will receive up to four escalating doses of aficamten or placebo based on echocardiographic guidance alone. At screening, patients enrolled in SEQUOIA-HCM must have a resting LVOT-G 30 mmHg, post-Valsalva peak LVOT-G 50 mmHg, and be NYHA Class II or III. Patients receiving aficamten will begin with 5 mg dosed once daily. At weeks 2, 4 and 6 patients will receive an echocardiogram to determine if they will be up-titrated to escalating doses of 10, 15 or 20 mg. Dose escalation will occur only if a patient has a post-Valsalva LVOT-G 30 mmHg and a biplane LVEF 55 . Patients who do not meet escalation criteria will continue to receive their current dose or may be down-titrated if appropriate. 
 We expect to announce topline results from SEQUOIA-HCM in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 MAPLE-HCM 
 We are preparing for the second Phase 3 clinical trial of aficamten as monotherapy in patients with oHCM, MAPLE-HCM (Metoprolol vs Aficamten in Patients with LVOT Obstruction on Exercise Endpoints in HCM). We expect to begin MAPLE-HCM in the first half of 2023. MAPLE-HCM is a Phase 3, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, active-comparator trial in patients with symptomatic oHCM and elevated LVOT gradient. It is expected to enroll approximately 170 patients. The primary endpoint is change in peak oxygen uptake (pVO2), assessed by CPET from baseline to Week 24. Secondary endpoints include change in NYHA class, KCCQ, N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), and measures of structural remodeling. 
 FOREST-HCM (formerly REDWOOD-HCM OLE) 
 In May 2021, we announced that the first site had been activated to enroll patients in REDWOOD-HCM OLE, an open-label extension clinical study designed to assess the long-term safety and tolerability of aficamten in patients with symptomatic oHCM. Eligible patients were initially to have completed participation in REDWOOD-HCM. However, since initiation of the open-label extension clinical study, we expanded eligibility to include patients having participated in SEQUOIA-HCM, our first Phase 3 clinical trial of aficamten for the treatment of oHCM, and as a result, the trial has been renamed FOREST-HCM. 
 On May 23, 2022, we announced positive data relating to 38 patients, including 30 patients treated for 12 weeks and 19 patients treated for 24 weeks. The data showed that treatment with aficamten was associated with substantial reductions in the average resting LVOT-G (mean change from baseline (SD) = -32.6 (28) mmHg, p 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 
 On September 30, 2022, we announced new data on the reduction and withdrawal of background standard of care medical therapy in patients treated with aficamten in FOREST-HCM. Patients in FOREST-HCM were classified as receiving standard of care therapy if they were being treated with at least a beta-blocker, nondihydropyridine calcium channel blocker, or disopyramide. Patients were eligible for BTR/W at the discretion of the site investigator, only after Week 12 and after having received a stable dose of aficamten for at least four weeks. Of 42 patients enrolled at the time of this analysis, 39 (93 were taking 1 standard of care medication, and of those, 27 (69 were receiving a beta-blocker only, 4 (10 were receiving a calcium channel blocker only, 7 (18 were receiving disopyramide and either a calcium channel blocker or beta-blocker, and 1 patient (3 was receiving all three therapies. Of the 35 patients who had completed treatment with aficamten through Week 12, BTR/W was attempted in 20 patients. 17 patients (85 achieved successful BTR/W, defined as at least one dose reduction of one medication to 50 of the baseline dose. Ten patients completely discontinued at least one medication, and 5 withdrew from all standard of care therapies. BTR/W was unsuccessful in three patients, who reinstituted a beta-blocker as a result of recurrence of symptoms or elevated LVOT-G. NYHA Functional Class and NT-proBNP and high-sensitivity troponin I levels remained stable before and after BTR/W. In 14 patients with an available assessment before and after BTR/W, BTR/W resulted in an increase in resting heart rate of 12 bpm (mean HR=74 10 bpm, p=0.0001) and Valsalva LVOT-G of 15 mmHg (mean Valsalva LVOT-G=42 26 mmHg, p=0.02). This data suggests that patients who achieved successful BTR/W experienced similar benefits from treatment with aficamten as those who remained on background standard of care therapy, and warrants further study. 
 On October 2, 2022, we announced new data on symptom improvement and quality of life related to treatment with aficamten in FOREST-HCM. This new analysis evaluated patients self-reported health status using the KCCQ and compared baseline values to those collected at Week 12 and Week 24. The KCCQ is a validated patient reported outcomes tool 1 used to evaluate heart failure symptoms and their impact on social and physical limitations as well as quality of life. Higher scores indicate better health status. As early as Week 12, patients experienced substantial and significant symptom improvements as measured by the change in their KCCQ scores. The KCCQ-OSS and all KCCQ sub-domain scores demonstrated these improvements, improvements which were also noted to be sustained through Week 24. At 12 and 24 weeks, the change from baseline (mean [SD]) change in KCCQ-OSS was 16.5 [16.7] (p 
 FOREST-HCM continues to enroll patients. 
 Ji Xing Collaboration for Greater China 
 On July 14, 2020, we entered into the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement, pursuant to which we granted to Ji Xing an exclusive license to develop and commercialize aficamten in China and Taiwan. Under the terms of the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement, we may be eligible to receive from Ji Xing milestone payments totaling up to 200.0 million for the achievement of certain development and commercial milestone events in connection to aficamten in the field of oHCM, and/or nHCM and other indications. In addition, Ji Xing will pay us tiered royalties in the low-to-high teens range on the net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten in China and Taiwan, subject to certain reductions for generic competition, patent expiration and payments for licenses to third party patents. The Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement, unless terminated earlier, will continue on a market-by-market basis until expiration of the relevant royalty term. 
 Royalty Pharma Revenue Interest 
 On January 7, 2022, we entered into a Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreement, which we refer to as the RP Aficamten RPA, with Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV, which we refer to as RPI ICAV, pursuant to which RPI ICAV purchased rights to certain revenue streams from net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten by us, our affiliates and our licensees in exchange for up to 150.0 million in consideration, 50.0 million of which was paid on the closing date, 50.0 million of which was paid to us on March 10, 2022 following the initiation of the first pivotal trial in oHCM for aficamten and 50.0 million of which is payable following the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial in nHCM for aficamten. The RP Aficamten RPA also provides that the parties will negotiate terms for additional funding if we achieve proof of concept results in certain other indications for aficamten, with a reduction in the applicable royalty if we and RPI ICAV fail to agree on such terms in certain circumstances. 
 Pursuant to the RP Aficamten RPA, RPI ICAV purchased the right to receive a percentage of net sales equal to 4.5 for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten up to 1 billion and 3.5 for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten in excess of 1 billion, subject to reduction in certain circumstances. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 
 CK-136 
 CK-136 is a novel, selective, oral, small molecule cardiac troponin activator. In preclinical models, CK-136 increases myocardial contractility by binding to cardiac troponin through an allosteric mechanism that sensitizes the cardiac sarcomere to calcium, facilitating more actin-myosin cross bridge formation during each cardiac cycle thereby resulting in increased myocardial contractility. Similar to cardiac myosin activation, preclinical research has shown that cardiac troponin activation does not change the calcium transient of cardiac myocytes. 
 Dosing of patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of CK-136 commenced in December 2022. The primary objective of this Phase 1 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single and multiple ascending dose trial is to assess the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of CK-136 when administered orally as single or multiple doses to healthy participants. The study design includes three groups of at least eight participants in single ascending dose cohorts and four groups of at least eight participants in multiple-dose ascending cohorts. A final optional cohort will include eight participants in an open-label, 2-period crossover arm to investigate the effect of food on CK-136. 
 Our Skeletal Muscle Contractility Program 
 Our skeletal muscle contractility program is focused on the activation of the skeletal sarcomere, the basic unit of skeletal muscle contraction. The skeletal sarcomere is a highly ordered cytoskeletal structure composed of skeletal muscle myosin, actin, and a set of regulatory proteins, which include the troponins and tropomyosin. This program leverages our expertise developed in our ongoing discovery and development of cardiac sarcomere activators. 
 We believe that our skeletal sarcomere activators may lead to new therapeutic options for diseases and medical conditions associated with neuromuscular dysfunction and potentially also conditions associated with aging and muscle weakness and wasting. The clinical effects of muscle weakness and wasting, fatigue and loss of mobility can range from decreased quality of life to, in some instances, life-threatening complications. By directly improving skeletal muscle function, a small molecule activator of the skeletal sarcomere potentially could enhance functional performance and quality of life in patients suffering from diseases or medical conditions associated with skeletal muscle weakness or wasting, such as ALS, SMA, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or sarcopenia (general frailty associated with aging). 
 ALS is a progressive, degenerative neuromuscular disease that affects the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. These motor neurons carry messages from the brain to the spinal cord and, ultimately, to the muscles that are necessary for voluntary and involuntary movement and function. in people living with ALS, motor neurons progressively die and the brain can no longer communicate with the muscles through the spinal cord. As muscles are used less and less frequently, they can atrophy, causing people with ALS to lose the ability to perform everyday activities, such as walking, speaking, and eating. ALS also affects the diaphragm, an essential muscle responsible for breathing, so people with ALS eventually lose their ability to breathe on their own. The average life expectancy for ALS patients is three to five years after diagnosis and death is generally caused by respiratory failure. There is no known cause or cure for ALS. 
 Reldesemtiv 
 We are developing reldesemtiv, a FSTA, as a potential treatment for people living with debilitating diseases and conditions associated with muscular weakness, and/or muscle fatigue, including ALS. 
 Reldesemtiv is an investigational drug candidate intended to slow the rate of calcium release from the regulatory troponin complex of fast skeletal muscle fibers. Contraction of skeletal muscles is driven by the sarcomere, the fundamental unit of muscle contraction, which contains myosin, a protein which converts chemical energy into mechanical force through its interaction with another protein, actin. This interaction is regulated by other proteins including troponin and tropomyosin, and is dependent on changes in calcium. By slowing the rate of calcium release, reldesemtiv sensitizes the sarcomere to calcium, leading to an increase in muscle contractility. 
 Reldesemtiv has demonstrated pharmacological activity in preclinical models and evidence of potentially clinically relevant pharmacodynamic effects in humans. The FDA granted reldesemtiv orphan drug designation for the potential treatment of ALS. The EMA granted reldesemtiv orphan medicinal product designation for the potential treatment of ALS. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 
 FORTITUDE-ALS 
 Reldesemtiv was the subject of FORTITUDE-ALS. This Phase 2 trial enrolled 458 eligible ALS patients who were randomized (1:1:1:1) to receive either 150 mg, 300 mg or 450 mg of reldesemtiv or placebo dosed orally twice daily for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint of FORTITUDE-ALS was the change from baseline in the percent predicted SVC at 12 weeks. Secondary endpoints included slope of the change from baseline in the mega-score of muscle strength measured by hand held dynamometry and handgrip dynamometry in patients on reldesemtiv; change from baseline in the ALSFRS-R; incidence and severity of treatment-emergent adverse events; and plasma concentrations of reldesemtiv at the sampled time points during the study. Exploratory endpoints measured included the effect of reldesemtiv versus placebo on self-assessments of respiratory function made at home by the patient with help as needed by the caregiver; disease progression through quantitative measurement of speech production characteristics over time; disease progression through quantitative measurement of handwriting abilities over time; and the change from baseline in quality of life (as measured by the ALS Assessment Questionnaire-5) in patients on reldesemtiv. 
 In FORTITUDE-ALS, reldesemtiv did not achieve statistical significance for a pre-specified dose-response relationship in its primary endpoint of change from baseline in SVC after 12 weeks of dosing (p=0.11). Similar analyses of ALSFRS-R and slope of the Muscle Strength Mega-Score yielded p-values of 0.09 and 0.31, respectively. However, patients on all dose groups of reldesemtiv declined numerically less than patients on placebo for SVC and ALSFRS-R, with larger differences emerging over time. 
 While the dose-response analyses for the primary and secondary endpoints did not achieve statistical significance at the level of 0.05, in a post-hoc analysis pooling the doses together, patients who received reldesemtiv in FORTITUDE-ALS declined less than patients who received placebo. The trial showed numerical effects favoring reldesemtiv across dose levels and timepoints with clinically meaningful magnitudes of effect observed at 12 weeks for the primary and secondary endpoints. The differences between reldesemtiv and placebo in SVC and ALSFRS-R total score observed after 12 weeks of treatment were still evident at follow-up, four weeks after the last dose of study drug. 
 The incidence of early treatment discontinuations, serious adverse events and clinical adverse events in FORTITUDE-ALS were similar between placebo and active treatment arms. The most common clinical adverse effects in the trial included fatigue, nausea and headache. The leading cause for early termination from FORTITUDE-ALS for patients who received placebo was progressive disease; the leading cause for early termination for patients who received reldesemtiv was a decline in cystatin C based eGFR, a measure of renal function. Elevations in transaminases and declines in cystatin C eGFR were dose-related. 
 Post-hoc analyses from FORTITUDE-ALS demonstrated that, in the combined middle and faster progressing tertiles of patients, the decline in the ALSFRS-R total score from baseline to week 12 in patients who received any dose of reldesemtiv was significantly smaller than the decline on placebo, while no significant difference between reldesemtiv and placebo was observed in slower progressing patients. 
 Additional post-hoc analyses from FORTITUDE-ALS evaluated how baseline patient characteristics impacted the effect of treatment with reldesemtiv versus placebo. When patients were divided into faster, middle and slower progressing tertiles based on pre-study ALSFRS-R progression rates, the middle and fastest progressing tertiles of patients combined showed a 27 difference at 12 weeks between patients receiving reldesemtiv versus placebo (1.15 ALSFRS-R points, p=0.011), compared to 18 (0.4 points; p=0.43) in the slowest progressing tertile. In general, patients with a longer symptom duration were slower progressors; 59 of those with SD >24 months were in the slowest tertile. Most patients who were minimally affected with an ALSFRS-R 45 at baseline were also slow progressors. In comparing the treatment effect of slow progressing patients with symptoms 24 months and a baseline ALSFRS-R score of 44 to the original primary analysis population, the effect size and statistical significance increased, despite reducing the number of analyzed patients. In an analysis of the total study population (n=458), combining all patients who received reldesemtiv and comparing to those who received placebo, the change from baseline to week 12 in the ALSFRS-R total score showed a LSM difference of 0.87 (p=0.013). However, limiting the analysis population to patients with symptoms 24 months and a baseline ALSFRS-R score of 44 (n=272), the LSM difference was 1.84 (p=0.0002). Together, these post-hoc analyses indicate that the impact of treatment with reldesemtiv was more apparent in patients with faster pre-study rates of progression, which include patients with short symptom duration and lower baseline ALSFRS-R scores. 
 A subgroup analyses of FORTITUDE-ALS showed that the effect of reldesemtiv on patients with ALS was similar whether or not patients were also receiving RADICAVA (edaravone) and/or RILUTEK (riluzole). 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 
 COURAGE-ALS 
 COURAGE-ALS is the Phase 3 clinical trial of reldesemtiv in patients with ALS, which is currently open for enrollment. COURAGE-ALS has enrolled over 450 patients or more than three-quarters of our target patient enrollment with a goal to enroll approximately 555 patients with ALS. Patients will be randomized 2:1 to receive 300 mg of reldesemtiv or matching placebo dosed orally twice daily for 24 weeks, followed by a 24-week period in which all patients will receive 300 mg of reldesemtiv twice daily. Eligible patients will be within the first two years of their first symptom of muscle weakness, have a vital capacity of 65 predicted, and a screening ALSFRS-R 44. Patients currently taking stable doses of RADICAVA (edaravon e and/or RILUTEK (riluzol e will be permitted and randomization stratified accordingly. The primary efficacy endpoint will be change from baseline to 24 weeks in ALSFRS-R. Secondary endpoints include combined assessment of ALSFRS-R total score; time to onset of respiratory insufficiency and survival time up to week 24 using a joint rank test; change from baseline to 24 weeks for vital capacity; ALSAQ-40; and bilateral handgrip strength. Two unblinded interim analyses by the DMC are planned. The first will assess for futility, 12 weeks after approximately one-third or more of the planned sample size is randomized. A second interim analysis will also assess for futility, and there will be an option for a fixed increase in total enrollment if necessary to augment the statistical power of the trial. This Phase 3 clinical trial design builds on insights gained from FORTITUDE-ALS, further exploring the hypothesis that fast skeletal muscle activation with reldesemtiv may be an important therapeutic strategy in ALS. 
 On October 10, 2022, we announced that the DMC for COURAGE-ALS, recently convened to conduct the first planned interim analysis of this ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial which assessed for the potential of futility. The DMC reviewed unblinded data from COURAGE-ALS and recommended that conduct of the clinical trial of reldesemtiv continue. The first interim analysis was triggered twelve (12) weeks after approximately one-third or more of the intended number of patients were randomized to participate in COURAGE-ALS. A second interim analysis, which is anticipated to occur in the first half of next year, will also assess for potential futility and will also allow for a fixed increase in total enrollment, if deemed necessary, to augment the statistical power of the trial. 
 COURAGE-ALS OLE 
 COURAGE-ALS OLE is an open-label extension clinical study designed to assess the long-term safety and tolerability of reldesemtiv in people with ALS. Patients will be eligible for COURAGE-ALS OLE after completing their participation in COURAGE-ALS. COURAGE-ALS OLE is currently enrolling patients. 
 Astellas Revenue Interest 
 Reldesemtiv was developed as part of our previous collaboration with Astellas. Under our Fast Skeletal Regulatory Activator Agreement with Astellas, which we refer to as the Astellas FSRA Agreement, Astellas agreed to pay one-third of the out-of-pocket clinical development costs which may be incurred in connection with our Phase 3 clinical trial of reldesemtiv in ALS, up to a maximum contribution by Astellas of 12 million. In exchange, we will pay Astellas a low- to mid- single digit royalty on sales of reldesemtiv in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and the E.U. until the later of (i) ten years following the first commercial sale of such product in a major market country, or (ii) December 31, 2034, subject to certain royalty reduction provisions. We will not owe Astellas royalties on sales of reldesemtiv in any other country. 
 Ongoing Research in Skeletal Muscle Activators 
 We are conducting translational research in preclinical models of disease and muscle function with FSTAs to explore the potential clinical applications of this novel mechanism in diseases or conditions associated with skeletal muscle dysfunction. 
 Beyond Muscle Contractility 
 We developed preclinical expertise in the mechanics of skeletal, cardiac and smooth muscle that extends from proteins to tissues to intact animal models. Our translational research in muscle contractility has enabled us to better understand the potential impact of small molecule compounds that increase skeletal or cardiac muscle contractility and to apply those findings to the further evaluation of our drug candidates in clinical populations. In addition to contractility, other major functions of muscle play a role in certain diseases that could benefit from novel mechanism treatments. Accordingly, our knowledge of muscle contractility may serve as an entry point to the discovery of novel treatments for disorders involving muscle functions other than muscle contractility. We are leveraging our current understandings of muscle biology to investigate new ways of modulating these other aspects of muscle function for other potential therapeutic applications. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 
 Manufacturing Resources and Product Supply 
 Our drug candidates require precise high-quality manufacturing that is compliant with good manufacturing processes (or foreign equivalent) and other applicable laws. We have no manufacturing capabilities and rely on third party sources for the supply or sourcing of raw materials, the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients and the manufacture and packaging of finished drug products for both clinical trial materials and commercial supply. 
 We have established relationships with leading contract manufacturers in North America and Western Europe for the manufacture and supply of active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished drug product for use in our clinical trials. Clinical trial materials sourced from contract manufacturers generally have longer lead times than commercial product, have a higher cost per unit as a result of smaller batch sizes, and may be more difficult to manufacture to necessary specifications. As a result, we endeavor to seek contract manufacturers with proven manufacturing capabilities and quality standards whom we can rely on for timely supply. For our portfolio of small molecules, we continue to expand our network through well-established and reputable third-party contract manufacturers for our CMC development and manufacturing that have good regulatory standing, suitable manufacturing capabilities and capacities. These third parties must comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including FDA s cGMP, the E.U. s Guidelines on Good Distribution Practice (cGDP), as well as other stringent regulatory requirements enforced by the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies, as applicable, and are subject to routine inspections by such regulatory agencies. In addition, through our third-party contract manufacturers and data service providers, we continue to provide serialized commercial products as required to comply with the Drug Supply Chain Security Act. 
 We monitor and evaluate the performance of our third-party contract manufacturers on an ongoing basis for compliance with these requirements and to affirm their continuing capabilities to meet both our commercial and clinical needs. We employ highly skilled personnel with both technical and manufacturing experience to diligently manage the activities at our third-party contract manufacturers and other supply chain partners, and our quality department audits them on a periodic basis. 
 In the event any of our drug candidates were to be approved for commercial marketing by the FDA or any other regulatory authorities, we would need to enter into contractual arrangements with contract manufacturers for the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients and packaging of finished drug product for commercial use. 
 We have contract manufacturing arrangements in place with leading contract manufacturers for the development and supply of the active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished drug product for aficamten and reldesemtiv for use in our clinical trials, including SEQUOIA-HCM and COURAGE-ALS. 
 Competition 
 There are many companies focused on the development of small molecules for the treatment HFrEF, HCM, ALS and other diseases that our drugs are intended to treat. Our competitors and potential competitors include major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic research institutions, clinical reference laboratories and government agencies that are pursuing research activities similar to ours. Many of the organizations competing with us have greater capital resources, larger research and development staff and facilities, deeper regulatory expertise and more extensive product manufacturing and commercial capabilities than we do, which may afford them a competitive advantage. 
 Competition for Omecamtiv Mecarbil 
 We believe the principal competition for omecamtiv mecarbil, if ultimately approved for sales and marketing by FDA and/or other regulatory agencies for the treatment of HFrEF includes generic drugs, such as milrinone, dobutamine or digoxin, categories of generic therapies, including beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), Mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists (MRAs), and branded drugs such as Corlanor (ivabradine), Entresto (sacubitril/valsartan) and Verquvo (vericiguat). omecamtiv mecarbil could also potentially compete against other novel drug candidates and therapies in development, such as those being developed by, but not limited to, Novartis AG, Merck Co., Inc., Bayer AG, AstraZeneca PLC and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. omecamtiv mecarbil may also compete with currently approved drugs, such as in the SGLT2 inhibitor class, that have either expanded or are planning to expand their labels to include treatment of patients with heart failure, including Forxiga (dapagliflozin), Invokana (canagliflozin), and Jardiance (empagliflozin). The competitive landscape for HFrEF is already crowded and evolving rapidly, especially given the addition of SGLT2 inhibitors as AHA/ACC/HFSA guideline directed medical therapy for HFrEF. SGLT2 inhibitors have steadily gained market share over the previous two years. In addition, there are a number of medical devices both marketed and in development for the potential treatment of patients living with heart failure. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 
 We believe that our ability to successfully compete will depend on, among other things: 
 efficacy, safety and reliability of omecamtiv mecarbil, both alone and in combination with other therapies; 

the timing and scope of regulatory approval; 

our ability to manufacture and sell commercial quantities of omecamtiv mecarbil product to the market; 

our ability to successfully commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil and secure coverage and adequate reimbursement with affordable patient copay in approved indications; 

product acceptance by physicians and other health care providers; 

if required in connection to regulatory approval by FDA and/or other regulatory authorities, the availability of an antibody-based immunoassay to timely and properly perform blood tests for omecamtiv mecarbil concentration levels on patients to whom omecamtiv mecarbil is prescribed; 

price competition, particularly of generic products; 

protection of our intellectual property, including our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights against potential generic competition; and 

the availability of substantial capital resources to fund development and commercialization activities. 

Competition for Aficamten 
 If aficamten is approved for sales and marketing by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for the treatment of HCM, we believe it will likely compete with Camzyos tm (mavacamten), a first in class cardiac myosin inhibitor marketed by Bristol Myers Squibb. In addition to Camzyos tm , other companies, including but not limited to Novartis AG, Eli Lilly, Boehringer Ingelheim, Gilead, Edgewise Therapeutics, Imbria and Tenaya Therapeutics, are conducting clinical trials and pre-clinical activities in HCM and could complete with aficamten. 
 As a condition to its FDA approval, Camzyos tm is subject to a REMS program that may be slowing its market uptake. We cannot predict whether FDA will impose a similar REMS program as a condition to a potential, future approval of aficamten or whether the FDA will alter or lessen the REMS program for Camzyos tm altering the competitive landscape. Despite the challenges associated with a REMS program, Bristol Myers Squibb has been able to enroll many physicians in its training program and has been able to start new patients on therapy. We expect that this will increase over time with more experience with this class of drugs. 
 We believe that our ability to successfully compete will depend on, among other things: 
 efficacy, safety and reliability of aficamten, both alone and in combination with other therapies; 

the timing and scope of regulatory approval; 

our ability to complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for aficamten; 

the imposition by FDA or other regulatory authorities of a REMS program that is less burdensome to healthcare providers and patients than the REMS program that Camzyos tm is subject to; 

our ability to manufacture and sell commercial quantities of aficamten product to the market; 

our ability to successfully commercialize aficamten and secure coverage and adequate reimbursement in approved indications; 

product acceptance by physicians and other health care providers; 

protection of our intellectual property, including our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights against potential generic competition; and 

the availability of substantial capital resources to fund development and commercialization activities. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 
 Competition for Reldesemtiv 
 If reldesemtiv is approved for sales and marketing by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for the treatment of ALS, we believe it will likely compete with Radicava tm (edaravone), marketed by Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, and Relyvrio tm (AMX0035), marketed by Amylyx Pharmaceuticals. These are the first two FDA approved drugs for the treatment of ALS since riluzole in 1995. In addition, we may then also compete with other potential new therapies for ALS that are currently being developed by companies including, but not limited to, AB Science, AKAVA Therapeutics, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics, Biogen, Biohaven Pharmaceuticals, Ferrer, Ionis, Medicinova, Inc., Orphazyme, Revalesio Corporation and Seelos Therapeutics. The dearth of approved products and the remaining significant unmet need in ALS has created a strong demand within the ALS community for additional new therapies that slow the decline in the disease or maintain the function of patients living with this disease. Therefore, we have seen a trend of significant new patient starts for new therapies that become approved. 
 We believe that our ability to successfully compete will depend on, among other things: 
 efficacy, safety and reliability of reldesemtiv, both alone and in combination with other therapies; 

the timing and scope of regulatory approval; 

our ability to complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for reldesemtiv; 

our ability to manufacture and sell commercial quantities of reldesemtiv product to the market; 

our ability to successfully commercialize reldesemtiv and secure coverage and adequate reimbursement in approved indications; 

product acceptance by physicians and other health care providers; 

protection of our intellectual property, including our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights against potential generic competition; and 

the availability of substantial capital resources to fund development and commercialization activities. 

Intellectual Property Resources 
 Our policy is to seek patent protection for the technologies, inventions and improvements that we develop that we consider important to the advancement of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we owned, co-owned or licensed 73 issued U.S. patents, over 650 issued patents in various foreign jurisdictions, and over 430 additional pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our commercial success will depend on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection for our drug candidates and technologies and our successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. We will only be able to protect our technologies from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that valid and enforceable patents cover them or we maintain them as trade secrets. 
 With regard to our drug candidates directed to muscle biology targets, we have a U.S. patent covering omecamtiv mecarbil, U.S. patents covering our skeletal muscle sarcomere activators including, but not limited to reldesemtiv, and a U.S. patent covering aficamten, which expire in 2027, 2031 and 2039, respectively, unless extended or otherwise adjusted. We also have issued patents in various foreign jurisdictions and additional U.S. and foreign patent applications pending for these drug candidates. It is not known or determinable whether other patents will issue from any of our other pending applications or what the expiration dates would be for any other patents that do issue. 
 In relation to our collaborations, our partners may develop or have developed, solely or with us, intellectual property rights in connection with our drug candidates. Our collaboration agreements generally contain provisions regarding ownership, prosecution and maintenance, assignment and license rights to enable us to protect and benefit from intellectual property rights that are developed with or by our partners. 
 Our drug candidates are still in clinical development and have not yet been approved by the FDA. If any of these drug candidates are approved, then pursuant to federal law, we may apply for an extension of the U.S. patent term for one patent covering the approved drug, which could extend the term of the applicable patent by up to a maximum of five additional years. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 
 The degree of future protection of our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. Due to evolving legal standards relating to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering pharmaceutical inventions and the claim scope of these patents, our ability to enforce our existing patents and to obtain and enforce patents that may issue from any pending or future patent applications is uncertain and involves complex legal, scientific and factual questions. The standards that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and are subject to change. To date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents. Thus, we cannot be sure that any patents will issue from any pending or future patent applications owned by, co-owned by, or licensed to us. Even if patents do issue, we cannot be sure that the claims of these patents will be held valid or enforceable by a court of law, will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products, or will afford us a commercial advantage over competitive products. For example: 
 we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications or issued patents; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for the inventions covered by our pending patent applications or issued patents; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

some or all of our or our licensors pending patent applications may not result in issued patents or the claims that issue may be narrow in scope and not provide us with competitive advantages; 

our and our licensors issued patents may not provide a basis for commercially viable drugs or therapies or may be challenged and invalidated by third parties; 

our or our licensors patent applications or patents may be subject to interference, post-grant proceedings, opposition or similar legal and administrative proceedings that may result in a reduction in their scope or their loss altogether; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies or drug candidates that are patentable; or 

the patents of others may prevent us or our partners from discovering, developing or commercializing our drug candidates. 

The defense and prosecution of intellectual property infringement suits, interferences, post-grant proceedings, oppositions and related legal and administrative proceedings are costly, time-consuming to pursue and divert resources. The outcome of these types of proceedings is uncertain and could significantly harm our business. For example, an unknown third party has filed an opposition against a granted European patent relating to compositions of omecamtiv mecarbil. Although we are defending the patent, we cannot be certain that the patent will be upheld as valid. If our European patent is invalidated, our intellectual property position in Europe could be weakened and it could have a negative impact on our business. 
 Our ability to commercialize drugs depends on our ability to use, manufacture and sell those drugs without infringing the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist that may be relevant to the therapeutic areas and chemical compositions of our drug candidates. While we are aware of certain relevant patents and patent applications owned by third parties, there may be issued patents or pending applications of which we are not aware that could cover our drug candidates. Because patent applications are often not published immediately after filing, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, which could later result in issued patents that our activities with our drug candidates could infringe. 
 The development of our drug candidates and the commercialization of any resulting drugs may be impacted by patents of companies engaged in competitive programs with significantly greater resources. This could result in the expenditure of significant legal fees and management resources. 
 We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are often difficult to protect, especially outside of the United States. While we believe that we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, partners and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our trade secrets to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party had illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets would be expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome would be unpredictable. Even if we are able to maintain our trade secrets as confidential, our competitors may independently develop information that is equivalent or similar to our trade secrets. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 
 We seek to protect our intellectual property by requiring our employees, consultants, contractors and other advisors to execute nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements upon commencement of their employment or engagement, through which we seek to protect our intellectual property. Agreements with our employees also preclude them from bringing the proprietary information or materials of third parties to us. We also require confidentiality agreements or material transfer agreements from third parties that receive our confidential information or materials. 
 For further details on the risks relating to our intellectual property, please see the risk factors under Item 1A of this report, including, but not limited to, the risk factors entitled Our success depends substantially upon our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection relating to our drug candidates and research technologies and If we are sued for infringing third-party intellectual property rights, it will be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome would have a significant adverse effect on our business. 
 Compliance with Government Regulation 
 The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of drugs. These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate research and development activities and the testing, manufacture, quality control, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our drug candidates and drugs. 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before our drug candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, preclinical animal studies and formulation studies, all performed in accordance with the FDA s good laboratory practice regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate for each proposed indication in accordance with GCP; 

submission of a NDA to the FDA, which must usually be accompanied by payment of a substantial user fee; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP regulations and FDA audits of select clinical investigator sites to assess compliance with GCP; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the drug. 

Similar regulatory procedures generally apply in countries outside of the United States. This testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our drug candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 
 Non-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and stability, and studies to evaluate toxicity and pharmacokinetics in animals. The results of non-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted as part of an IND application to the FDA. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day period, raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the proposed clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects may be exposed to unreasonable health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Our submission of an IND or a foreign equivalent, or those of our collaborators, may not result in authorization from the FDA or its foreign equivalent to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Further, an independent IRB or its foreign equivalent for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that center and it must monitor the clinical trial until completed. The FDA, the IRB or their foreign equivalents, or the clinical trial sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 
 Clinical Trials. For purposes of an NDA or equivalent submission and approval, clinical trials are typically conducted in the following three sequential phases, which may overlap: 
 Phase 1: Phase 1 trials include the initial introduction of a drug candidate into humans. These studies may be conducted in patients, but are usually conducted in healthy volunteer subjects. These studies are designed to determine the metabolic and pharmacologic actions of the drug candidate in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase 2: Phase 2 trials include the early controlled clinical studies conducted to obtain some preliminary data on the effectiveness of the drug candidate for a particular indication or indications in patients with the disease or condition. This phase of testing also helps determine the common short-term side effects and risks associated with the drug candidate. These clinical trials are generally conducted in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to make an initial determination of potential efficacy of the drug candidate for specific targeted indications and to determine dose tolerance and optimal dosage. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. Phase 2a clinical trials generally are designed to study the pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic properties and to conduct a preliminary assessment of safety of the drug candidate over a measured dose response range. In some cases, a sponsor may decide to conduct a Phase 2b clinical trial, which is a second, typically larger, confirmatory Phase 2 trial that could, if positive and accepted by a regulatory authority, support approval of a drug candidate. 

Phase 3: Phase 3 clinical trials are then undertaken in large patient populations to further evaluate dosage, to provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety in an expanded and diverse patient population at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. Phase 3 trials are also intended to provide an adequate basis for extrapolating the results to the general population and transmitting that information in the drug labeling. Phase 3 studies usually include several hundred to several thousand people, and are usually longer in duration than Phase 2 trials. 

At any time during the conduct of a clinical trial, the FDA or a foreign equivalent can impose a clinical hold on the trial if it believes the trial is unsafe or that the protocol is clearly deficient in design in meeting its stated objectives, which requires the conduct of the trial to cease until the clinical hold is removed. In some cases, the FDA or foreign equivalent may condition approval of marketing approval for a drug candidate on the sponsor s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug s safety and effectiveness after marketing approval, known as Phase 4 clinical trials. 
 The clinical trials we conduct for our drug candidates, both before and after approval, and the results of those trials, are generally required to be included in a clinical trials registry database that is available and accessible to the public via the internet. A failure by us to properly participate in the clinical trial database registry could subject us to significant civil monetary penalties. 
 Health care providers in the United States, including research institutions from which we or our partners obtain patient information, are subject to privacy rules under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and state and local privacy laws. In the E.U., these entities are subject to the Directive 95/46-EC of the European Parliament on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and individual E.U. member states implementing additional legislation. The General Data Protection Regulation (E.U.) 2016/679 is a regulation in E.U. law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the E.U. and the EEA. Other countries have similar privacy legislation. We could face substantial penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information from a health care provider that has not satisfied the applicable privacy laws. In addition, certain privacy laws and genetic testing laws may apply directly to our operations and/or those of our partners and may impose restrictions on the use and dissemination of individuals health information and use of biological samples. 
 New Drug/Marketing Approval Application. The results of drug candidate development, preclinical testing and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA. The NDA also must contain extensive manufacturing information. In addition, the FDA may require that a proposed REMS, be submitted as part of the NDA if the FDA determines that it is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks. Similar, and in some cases additional, requirements apply in foreign jurisdictions for marketing approval applications for drugs in those jurisdictions. The FDA may refer the NDA to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA often, but not always, follows the advisory committee s recommendations. The FDA may also require preapproval inspections of manufacturing operations and clinical trial sites during the course of NDA review, and findings arising from any of these inspections may delay or prevent the approval of the NDA. The FDA may deny approval of an NDA by issuing a CRL if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or it may require additional clinical data, including data in a pediatric population, or an additional Phase 3 clinical trial or impose other conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval for an NDA. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 
 Even if such data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we or our partners do. Once issued, the FDA or foreign equivalent may withdraw a drug approval if ongoing regulatory requirements are not met or if safety problems occur after the drug reaches the market. In addition, the FDA or its foreign counterparts may require further testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance or restrictive distribution programs to monitor the effect of approved drugs which have been commercialized. The FDA and its foreign counterparts have the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a drug based on the results of these post-marketing programs. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label may be subject to significant liability. However, physicians may, in their independent medical judgment, prescribe legally available products for off-label uses. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments but the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Further, if there are any modifications to a drug, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, we may be required to submit and obtain prior FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement, or the foreign equivalent, which may require us to develop additional data or conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 Satisfaction of FDA regulations and requirements or similar regulations and requirements of state, local and foreign regulatory agencies typically takes several years. The actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidate or disease. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketing of drug candidates for a considerable period of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities. The FDA or any other regulatory agency may not grant approvals for new indications for our drug candidates on a timely basis, if at all. Even if a drug candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific disease states, patient populations and dosages or restrictive distribution programs. Further, even after regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery of previously unknown problems with a drug may result in restrictions on the drug or even complete withdrawal of the drug from the market. Delays in obtaining, or failures to obtain, regulatory approvals for any of our drug candidates would harm our business. In addition, we cannot predict what future U.S. or foreign governmental regulations may be implemented. 
 Orphan Drug Designation. Some jurisdictions, including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. The FDA grants orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. 
 An FDA orphan drug designation does not shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. If a drug candidate that has an orphan drug designation receives the first FDA marketing approval for the indication for which the designation was granted, then the approved drug is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. This means that the FDA may not approve another company s application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in certain circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the drug with orphan exclusivity or if the holder of the orphan drug designation cannot assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the designation was granted. Competitors may receive approval of different drugs or biologics for the indications for which the orphan drug has exclusivity. 
 Special Protocol Assessment. A sponsor may request an SPA agreement with FDA on the Phase 3 clinical trial protocol design and analysis that will form the primary basis of an efficacy claim. Even if the FDA agrees to the design, execution and analyses proposed in protocols reviewed under the SPA process, the FDA may revoke or alter its agreement if public health concerns emerge that were unrecognized at the time of the SPA agreement, or a substantial scientific issue essential to determining safety or efficacy is identified after testing has begun. An SPA does not guarantee that an NDA will be approved. 
 Other Regulatory Requirements. Any drugs manufactured or distributed by us or our partners pursuant to FDA approvals or their foreign counterparts are subject to continuing regulation by the applicable regulatory authority, including recordkeeping requirements and reporting of adverse experiences associated with the drug. Drug manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by these regulatory authorities for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMPs, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctive action or possible civil penalties. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations and other ongoing FDA and other regulatory requirements. If our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers are not able to comply with these requirements, the FDA or its foreign counterparts may halt our or our partners clinical trials, require us to recall a drug from distribution, or withdraw approval of the NDA for that drug. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 
 For further details on the risks relating to government regulation of our business, please see the risk factors under Item 1A of this report, including, but not limited to, the risk factor entitled The regulatory approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent our partners or us from obtaining approvals to commercialize some or all of our drug candidates. 
 Other Healthcare Laws. We are currently or will in the future be subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states in which we will conduct our business once our product candidates are approved by the FDA and commercialized in the United States. In addition to the FDA s restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, the U.S. healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include: the federal fraud and abuse laws, including the federal anti-kickback and false claims laws; federal data privacy and security laws; and federal transparency laws related to payments and/or other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare professionals and teaching hospitals. Many states have similar laws and regulations that may differ from each other and federal law in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. For example, states have anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope than analogous federal laws and may apply regardless of payer. In addition, state data privacy laws that protect the security of health information may differ from each other and may not be preempted by federal law. Moreover, several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to, among other things, establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales and marketing activities, report information related to drug pricing, require the registration of sales representatives, and prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. If our operations are found to be in violation of these laws, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, including, without limitation, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Health Care Reform. Additionally, in the United States and some foreign jurisdictions there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed reforms of the healthcare system in an effort to contain costs, improve quality, and expand access to care. These reform initiatives may, among other things, result in modifications to the aforementioned laws and/or the implementation of new laws affecting the healthcare industry. In particular, in March 2010, the ACA, was enacted, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Similarly, a significant trend in the healthcare industry is cost containment. Third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Moreover, in the United States, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries, presidential executive orders and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, in August 2022, the IRA was signed into law, which, among other things, includes prescription drug provisions that may impact product pricing including the potential for net price reductions and/or the ability to increase price beyond the level of inflation over the lifecycle of our products, and/or may increase our rebate obligation to Medicare. Provisions include a requirement that the HHS negotiate drug prices for single-source brand-name drugs and biologics that are among the 50 drugs with the highest total Medicare Part D spending. The law establishes a maximum fair price, outlines the process by which the Secretary of HHS will identify drugs for negotiations, and establishes non-compliance penalties for manufacturers. The Act implements inflation rebates in Medicare when a drug s Average Manufacturer Price (AMP, in Part D) or Average Sale Price (ASP, in Part B) rises faster than the inflation index (CPI-U). In addition, the Part D drug benefit caps beneficiary spending at 2,000, eliminates the coverage gap for patients, and modifies, beginning in 2025, liabilities for drug manufacturers by replacing the 70 discount in the Coverage gap with a 10 discount in the Initial Coverage phase and a 20 discount in the Catastrophic phase. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement . Our ability to commercialize any of our products successfully will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and will be available from third-party payors. Even if we obtain coverage for a given drug product, the associated reimbursement rate may not be adequate to cover our costs, including research, development, intellectual property, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses, or may require co payments that patients find unacceptably high. Coverage and reimbursement policies for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third party payors in the U.S. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that a product is safe, effective and medically necessary; and neither cosmetic, experimental nor investigational. To support securing coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our approved products. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement as the process of determining coverage and reimbursement is often time consuming and costly. Further, coverage policies and third party reimbursement rates may change at any time. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 
 Cytokinetics Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 409 employees and 167 consultants. 28 of those employees have more than 10 years tenure with us and 78 have over 5 years of service. In 2022, employee turnover was 9 , which we believe is a lower attrition rate compared to the industry. 
 We are committed to fostering and maintaining a culture that engenders collaboration and teamwork, inclusion, respect, transparency and candor. We provide our employees with an array of professional development resources and tools to support their learning, growth and development opportunities. We were honored to be recognized as a San Francisco Times Best Place to Work and Great Places to Work in 2022. 
 Our compensation and benefit programs are designed to enable us to attract and retain the best employees in a very competitive life science sector and regularly benchmark and survey the market to ensure we maintain competitive programs and ensuring employees receive equal pay for equal work. In addition, we routinely survey our employees to measure engagement, identify and take action on opportunities for improvement, and share these results with employees. 
 We have a rigorous annual goal setting and goal evaluation process under the supervision of our Board of Directors and senior management to assist our employees in understanding what is expected of them individually and as an organization. 
 We are going into our third year of implementing a Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Respect program and are fully committed across all aspects of our organization including recruiting and hiring, development and promotion practices. Employees identifying as ethnic or racial minorities held 43 of director-level and above positions. Employees identifying as women held 44 of director-level and above positions. 
 Our Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board of Directors reviews employee engagement, reward programs, human resource metrics, including attrition, retention and staffing on an on-going basis. 
 COVID-19 Business Update 
 We are continuing to closely monitor the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on our business and continue to take proactive efforts designed to protect the health and safety of our employees, patients, study investigators and clinical research staff, and to maintain business continuity. We believe that the measures we are implementing are appropriate and are helping to reduce the transmission of COVID-19, and we will continue to monitor and seek to comply with guidance from governmental authorities and adjust our activities as appropriate. 
 In the conduct of our business activities, we are taking actions designed to protect the safety of patients and healthcare professionals. For patients already enrolled in our clinical trials, we and our partners are working closely with study investigators and clinical trial site staff to continue treatment in compliance with trial protocols and to uphold trial integrity, while working to observe government and institutional guidelines designed to safeguard the health and safety of patients and site staff. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic may be difficult to assess or predict, the pandemic could result in significant and prolonged disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. 
 While we expect the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to affect our business operations, the extent of the impact on our clinical development and regulatory efforts and the value of and market for our common stock will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time, such as the ultimate duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions, quarantines, social distancing and business closure requirements in the U.S. and in other countries, and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain and treat COVID-19. For additional information about risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic that may impact our business, our financial condition and our results of operations, see the section titled Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 
 Investor Information 
 We file electronically with the SEC our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 
 You may obtain a free copy of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports on the day of filing with the SEC on our website at www.cytokinetics.com or by contacting the Investor Relations Department at our corporate offices by calling 650-624-3060. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 ITEM 1A. R ISK FACTORS 
 In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following risks in addition to the other information in this report. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or your investment in our securities, and many are beyond our control. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Specific to our Company in connection with our Research and Development Activities 
 We recently received a CRL from FDA in response to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. The CRL stated that results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. No assurance can be given that we will be able to address any of the deficiencies noted in the CRL and/or obtain FDA approval of our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. 
 On February 28, 2023, we announced that we received a CRL from the FDA s Division of Cardiology and Nephrology regarding our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF. According to the CRL, GALACTIC-HF is not sufficiently persuasive to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for reducing the risk of heart failure events and cardiovascular death in adults with chronic heart failure with HFrEF, in lieu of evidence from at least two adequate and well-controlled clinical investigations. In addition, FDA stated that results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. FDA s decision to issue a CRL follows an FDA Cardiovascular and Renal Drugs Advisory Committee s vote of 8 to 3 in December 2022 that the benefits of omecamtiv mecarbil do not outweigh its risks for the treatment of HFrEF. 
 We expect to request a meeting with FDA in order to understand FDA s views regarding the CRL and what may be required to support potential approval of omecamtiv mecarbil in the United States. However, we have no plans to conduct an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil. No assurance can be given that we will be able to address any of the deficiencies noted in the CRL and/or obtain FDA approval of our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. 
 Clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the desired safety and efficacy of our drug candidates, including aficamten and reldesemtiv, which could prevent or significantly delay completion of clinical development and regulatory approval. 
 Prior to receiving approval to commercialize any of our drug candidates, we or our partners must adequately demonstrate to the satisfaction of FDA and foreign regulatory authorities that the drug candidate is sufficiently safe and effective with substantial evidence from well-controlled clinical trials. We or our partners will need to demonstrate efficacy in clinical trials for the treatment of specific indications and monitor safety throughout the clinical development process and following approval. None of our drug candidates have yet met the safety and efficacy standards required for regulatory approval for commercialization and they may never do so. For example, the CRL we received on February 28, 2023 in connection to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil stated the results of GALACTIC-HF are not sufficiently persuasive to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for reducing the risk of heart failure events and cardiovascular death in adults with chronic heart failure with HFrEF. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, for each of our preclinical compounds, we or our partners must adequately demonstrate satisfactory chemistry, formulation, quality, stability and toxicity in order to submit an IND to the FDA, or an equivalent application in foreign jurisdictions, that would allow us to advance that compound into clinical trials. Furthermore, we or our partners may need to submit separate INDs (or foreign equivalent) to different divisions within the FDA (or foreign regulatory authorities) in order to pursue clinical trials in different therapeutic areas. Each new IND (or foreign equivalent) must be reviewed by the new regulatory division before the clinical trial under its jurisdiction can proceed, entailing all the risks of delay inherent to regulatory review. If our or our partners current or future preclinical studies or clinical trials are unsuccessful, our business will be significantly harmed and our stock price could be negatively affected. 
 All of our drug candidates are prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. Preclinical studies may not yield results that would adequately support the filing of an IND (or a foreign equivalent) with respect to our potential drug candidates. Even if the results of preclinical studies for a drug candidate are sufficient to support such a filing, the results of preclinical studies do not necessarily predict the results of clinical trials. As an example, because the physiology of animal species used in preclinical studies may vary substantially from other animal species and from humans, it may be difficult to assess with certainty whether a finding from a study in a particular animal species will result in similar findings in other animal species or in humans. For any of our drug candidates, the results from Phase 1 clinical trials in healthy volunteers and clinical results from Phase 1 and 2 trials in patients are not necessarily indicative of the results of later and larger clinical trials that are necessary to establish whether the drug candidate is safe and effective for the applicable indication. Likewise, interim results from a clinical trial may not be indicative of the final results from that trial, and results from early Phase 2 clinical trials may not be indicative of the results from later clinical trials. 
 In addition, while the clinical trials of our drug candidates are designed based on the available relevant information, such information may not accurately predict what actually occurs during the course of the trial itself, which may have consequences for the conduct of an ongoing clinical trial or for the eventual results of that trial. For example, the number of patients planned to be enrolled in a placebo-controlled clinical trial is determined in part by estimates relating to expected treatment effect and variability about the primary endpoint. These estimates are based upon earlier non-clinical and clinical studies of the drug candidate itself and clinical trials of other drugs thought to have similar effects in a similar patient population. If information gained during the conduct of the trial shows these estimates to be inaccurate, we may elect to adjust the enrollment accordingly, which may cause delays in completing the trial, additional expense or a statistical penalty to apply to the evaluation of the trial results. 
 Furthermore, in view of the uncertainties inherent in drug development, such clinical trials may not be designed with focus on indications, patient populations, dosing regimens, endpoints, safety, efficacy or pharmacokinetic parameters or other variables that will provide the necessary safety or efficacy data to support regulatory approval to commercialize the resulting drugs. Clinical trials of our drug candidates are designed based on guidance or advice from regulatory agencies, which is subject to change during the development of the drug candidate at any time. Such a change in a regulatory agency s guidance or advice may cause that agency to deem results from trials to be insufficient to support approval of the drug candidate and require further clinical trials of that drug candidate to be conducted. In addition, individual patient responses to the dose administered of a drug may vary in a manner that is difficult to predict. Also, the methods we select to assess particular safety, efficacy or pharmacokinetic parameters may not yield the same statistical precision in estimating our drug candidates effects as may other methodologies. Even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials of our drug candidates are promising, these data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. Non-clinical and clinical data can be interpreted in different ways. Accordingly, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities could interpret these data in different ways from us or our partners, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. 
 Furthermore, while planned interim analyses in clinical trials can enable early terminations for futility or for overwhelming efficacy, the timing, which can be based on accrual of events, enrollment or other factors, and the results of such analyses, is unpredictable. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 
 Administering any of our drug candidates or potential drug candidates may produce undesirable side effects, also known as adverse events. Toxicities and adverse events observed in preclinical studies for some compounds in a particular research and development program may also occur in preclinical studies or clinical trials of other compounds from the same program. Potential toxicity issues may arise from the effects of the active pharmaceutical ingredient itself or from impurities or degradants that are present in the active pharmaceutical ingredient or could form over time in the formulated drug candidate or the active pharmaceutical ingredient. These toxicities or adverse events could delay or prevent the filing of an IND (or a foreign equivalent) with respect to our drug candidates or potential drug candidates or cause us, our partners or the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities to modify, suspend or terminate clinical trials with respect to any drug candidate at any time during the development program. Further, the administration of two or more drugs contemporaneously can lead to interactions between them, and our drug candidates may interact with other drugs that trial subjects are taking. If the adverse events are severe or frequent enough to outweigh the potential efficacy of a drug candidate, the FDA or other regulatory authorities could deny approval of that drug candidate for any or all targeted indications. Even if one or more of our drug candidates were approved for sale as drugs, the occurrence of even a limited number of adverse events or toxicities when used in large populations may cause the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities to impose restrictions on, or stop, the further marketing of those drugs. Indications of potential adverse events or toxicities which do not seem significant during the course of clinical trials may later turn out to actually constitute serious adverse events or toxicities when a drug is used in large populations or for extended periods of time. 
 We have observed certain adverse events in the clinical trials conducted with our drug candidates. Moreover, clinical trials of reldesemtiv and aficamten enroll patients who typically suffer from serious diseases which put them at increased risk of death. These patients may die while receiving our drug candidates. In such circumstances, it may not be possible to exclude with certainty a causal relationship to our drug candidate, even though the responsible clinical investigator may view such an event as not study drug-related. 
 Any failure or significant delay in completing preclinical studies or clinical trials for our drug candidates, or in receiving and maintaining regulatory approval for the sale of any resulting drugs, may significantly harm our business and negatively affect our stock price. 
 The regulatory approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent our partners or us from obtaining approvals to commercialize some or all of our drug candidates. 
 The research, testing, manufacturing, selling and marketing of drugs are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, and regulations differ from country to country. Neither we nor our partners are permitted to market our potential drugs in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA. Neither we nor our partners have received NDA or other marketing approval for any of our drug candidates. 
 Obtaining NDA approval is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. In addition, failure to comply with FDA and other applicable foreign and U.S. regulatory requirements may subject us to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions. These include warning letters, civil and criminal penalties, injunctions, product seizure or detention, product recalls, total or partial suspension of production, and refusal to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs. 
 Regulatory approval of an NDA or NDA supplement is never guaranteed, and the approval process typically takes several years and is extremely expensive. For example, our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF resulted in a CRL notwithstanding the fact that the GALACTIC-HF clinical trial of over 8,000 patients met its primary efficacy endpoint. The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies also have substantial discretion in the drug approval process, and the guidance and advice issued by such agencies is subject to change at any time. Despite the time and efforts exerted, failure can occur at any stage, and we may encounter problems that cause us to abandon clinical trials or to repeat or perform additional preclinical testing and clinical trials. For example, the CRL we received from FDA in connection with our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil stated that results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. The number and focus of preclinical studies and clinical trials that will be required for approval by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies varies depending on the drug candidate, the disease or condition that the drug candidate is designed to address, and the regulations applicable to any particular drug candidate. In addition, the FDA may require that a proposed REMS be submitted as part of an NDA if the FDA determines that it is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks. The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies can delay, limit or deny approval of a drug candidate for many reasons, including, but not limited to: 
 they might determine that a drug candidate is not safe or effective; 

they might not find the data from non-clinical testing and clinical trials sufficient and could request that additional trials be performed; 

33 

Table of Contents 
 
 they might not approve our, our partner s or the contract manufacturer s processes or facilities; or 

they might change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval to manufacture and sell a drug in a particular regulatory jurisdiction, other jurisdictions regulatory authorities may not approve that drug for manufacture and sale. Moreover, the refusal of one regulatory authority to approve one of our drug candidates may influence the decision-making of another regulatory authority in a different jurisdiction in a manner that is adverse to us. For example, FDA's recent CRL in response to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil may influence EMA to decline to approve our MAA for omecamtiv mecarbil in the E.U. or other regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions to decline to approve our potential marketing applications for omecamtiv mecarbil in such other jurisdictions. 
 If we or our partners fail to receive and maintain regulatory approval for the sale of any drugs resulting from our drug candidates, it would significantly harm our business and negatively affect our stock price. 
 Our clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and may be subject to delay. 
 Clinical trials are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements and are very expensive, difficult and time-consuming to design and implement. The length of time and number of trial sites and patients required for clinical trials vary substantially based on the type, complexity, novelty, intended use of the drug candidate and safety concerns. Clinical trials of our current drug candidates can each continue for several more years. However, the clinical trials for all or any of our drug candidates may take significantly longer to complete. In addition, as is the case for omecamtiv mecarbil given the CRL requirement to perform an additional Phase 3 clinical trial, the time and expense associated with an additional clinical trial may limit the commercial returns given the eventual loss of market exclusivity. The commencement and completion of our or our partners clinical trials could be delayed or prevented by many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 delays in obtaining, or inability to obtain, regulatory or other approvals to commence and conduct clinical trials in the manner we or our partners deem necessary for the appropriate and timely development of our drug candidates and commercialization of any resulting drugs; 

delays in identifying and reaching agreement, or inability to identify and reach agreement, on acceptable terms, with prospective clinical trial sites and other entities involved in the conduct of our or our partners clinical trials; 

delays or additional costs in developing, or inability to develop, appropriate formulations of our drug candidates for clinical trial use; 

slower than expected rates of patient recruitment and enrollment; 

for those drug candidates that are the subject of a strategic alliance, delays in reaching agreement with our partner as to appropriate development strategies; 

a regulatory authority may require changes to a protocol for a clinical trial that then may require approval from regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions where the trial is being conducted; 

a regulatory authority in one jurisdiction may not accept a clinical trial design that is acceptable in another jurisdiction; 

an IRB or its foreign equivalent may require changes to a protocol that then require approval from regulatory agencies and other IRBs and their foreign equivalents, or regulatory authorities may require changes to a protocol that then require approval from the IRBs or their foreign equivalents; 

for clinical trials conducted in foreign countries, the time and resources required to identify, interpret and comply with foreign regulatory requirements or changes in those requirements, and political instability or natural disasters occurring in those countries; 

lack of effectiveness of our drug candidates during clinical trials; 

unforeseen safety issues; 

inadequate supply, or delays in the manufacture or supply, of clinical trial materials; 

uncertain dosing issues; 

failure by us, our partners, or clinical research organizations, investigators or site personnel engaged by us or our partners to comply with good clinical practices and other applicable laws and regulations, including those concerning informed consent; 

34 

Table of Contents 
 
 inability or unwillingness of investigators or their staffs to follow clinical protocols; 

failure by our clinical research organizations, clinical manufacturing organizations and other third parties supporting our or our partners clinical trials to fulfill their obligations; 

inability to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; 

introduction of new therapies or changes in standards of practice or regulatory guidance that render our drug candidates or their clinical trial endpoints obsolete; and 

results from non-clinical studies that may adversely impact the timing or further development of our drug candidates. 

We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, or whether planned or currently ongoing clinical trials will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, if at all. Significant delays in clinical trials will impede our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and generate revenue and could significantly increase our development costs. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, including COURAGE-ALS and SEQUOIA-HCM, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of patients to study sites; 

the design of the trial; 

the ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies or clinical trials, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating or clinical trial results; 

the ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion; 

the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including governmental responses and restrictions on movement and the ability of patients to visit clinical trial sites and practicability and/or availability of virtual and/or home healthcare visits. 

In addition, our and our partners clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our and our partners product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our or our partners trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our or our partners clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. 
 Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our and our partners ability to advance the development of product candidates. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely impact our business and could materially and adversely affect our operations, as well as the businesses or operations of our or our partners, manufacturers, CROs or other third parties with whom we or our partners conduct business. 
 Disease outbreaks and epidemics in regions where we, our partners or other third parties on which we rely have manufacturing facilities, clinical trial sites or other important operations or pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, including by causing significant disruptions in our operations and/or in the operations of third-party manufacturers and CROs upon whom we rely. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has presented a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting employees, patients, communities and business operations, as well as the U.S. economy and financial markets. In this regard, the COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response have had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on business and commerce, as significant reductions in business-related activities have occurred, supply chains have been disrupted and manufacturing and clinical development activities have been curtailed or suspended. 
 In addition, our clinical trials or those conducted by our partners may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, although we do not believe it will impact our ability to fully enroll SEQUOIA-HCM in a timely fashion, due to the current COVID-19 outbreak in China, enrollment of patients in SEQUOIA-HCM in China has been adversely affected. Clinical site initiation, conduct, and patient enrollment has been and may continue to be delayed due to prioritization of medical resources toward the COVID-19 pandemic and restrictions on the ability to travel. It may not be possible to carry out some aspects of clinical trial protocols if quarantines or other restrictions impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. It may be necessary to suspend enrollment at some or all clinical trial sites to comply with shelter in place orders, and to reduce the risk to patients, their caretakers, and healthcare providers from contracting COVID-19. Patients may refuse home healthcare visits, particularly in medically vulnerable patient populations. Similarly, principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 but also may be pulled into clinical care and away from clinical research, may adversely impact our or our partner s clinical trial operations. Further, our clinical trial patients who contract COVID-19 may (i) experience unexpected adverse medical events that could be wrongfully attributable to our investigational drugs, and (ii) experience endpoint events because of COVID-19 that could confound the interpretation of data and results relating to our investigational drugs arising from our clinical trials. Other key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring and site inspections, may also be adversely affected due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by governmental authorities, which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints. Finally, disruptions in our supply chain due to loss of the ability of sites to dispense study drug, travel and import/export restrictions or lack of raw materials may result in an interruption, or delays in receiving, supplies of our drug candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations or study sites, which in turn may also adversely affect our clinical trials. 
 The spread of COVID-19, which has caused a broad impact globally, may materially affect us economically. While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, COVID-19 may be difficult to assess or predict, a continued pandemic could result in significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. 
 The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on our business, our clinical trials, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. However, these effects could have a material impact on our operations, and we will continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation closely. 
 The failure to successfully develop, validate and obtain regulatory clearance or approval of an antibody-based immunoassay for plasma concentrations of omecamtiv mecarbil could harm our development and commercialization strategy for omecamtiv mecarbil in the United States. 
 In connection with our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil, FDA may as a condition to approval require that patients treated with omecamtiv mecarbil have their blood monitored during titration for concentrations of the drug in order to ensure optimized dosing that maximizes benefits without undue increased risk. To address such a requirement, we would need to enter into an agreement with a suitable partner to develop and operationalize an antibody-based immunoassay, and no assurance can be given that we will identify a suitable partner with the necessary expertise and capabilities, agree to contractual terms that are advantageous to us, or that such partner will in fact commercialize the test in a manner that is supportive of our development and commercialization efforts for omecamtiv mecarbil. Moreover, even if we were able to identify such a partner and to reach an acceptable agreement therewith, the development of an antibody-based immunoassay may be complex from an operational and regulatory perspective. Such an immunoassay could require regulatory clearance by FDA as a companion diagnostic device and no assurance that such regulatory clearance will be obtained. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 
 The failure to successfully develop, validate and obtain regulatory clearance or approval of an antibody based immunoassay for plasma concentrations of omecamtiv mecarbil could be required by EMA for approval of our MAA in the E.U. and as a result could delay our development and commercialization strategy for omecamtiv mecarbil in the E.U. and other countries of the EEA. 
 EMA may require the use of an antibody-based immunoassay that is comparable to the one developed by Microgenics Corporation, an affiliate of Thermo Fisher, and utilized in GALACTIC-HF as a condition to approval of our MAA for omecamtiv mecarbil. We currently have no agreement in place with Microgenics Corporation or any other company to develop or commercialize an immunoassay that is comparable to the one utilized in GALACTIC-HF. No assurance can be given that we will identify a suitable partner with the necessary expertise and capabilities, agree to contractual terms that are advantageous to us, or that such partner will in fact commercialize the test in a manner that is supportive of our commercialization efforts for omecamtiv mecarbil in the European Union and the other members of the EEA. Moreover, even if we were able to identify such a partner and to reach an acceptable agreement therewith, the development of an antibody-based immunoassay may be complex from an operational and regulatory perspective. Such an immunoassay would require regulatory clearances by the appropriate regulatory authorities in Europe and no assurance that such regulatory clearances will be obtained. 
 We depend on CROs to conduct our clinical trials and have limited control over their performance. If these CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, or if we lose any of our CROs, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis, if at all. 
 We have used and intend to continue to use a limited number of CROs within and outside of the United States to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates and related activities. We do not have control over many aspects of our CROs activities, and cannot fully control the amount, timing or quality of resources that they devote to our programs. CROs may not assign as high a priority to our programs or pursue them as diligently as we would if we were undertaking these programs ourselves. The activities conducted by our CROs therefore may not be completed on schedule or in a satisfactory manner. CROs may also give higher priority to relationships with our competitors and potential competitors than to their relationships with us. Outside of the United States, we are particularly dependent on our CROs expertise in communicating with clinical trial sites and regulatory authorities and ensuring that our clinical trials and related activities and regulatory filings comply with applicable laws. 
 Our CROs failure to carry out development activities on our behalf as agreed and in accordance with our and the FDA s or other regulatory agencies requirements and applicable U.S. and foreign laws, or our failure to properly coordinate and manage these activities, could increase the cost of our operations and delay or prevent the development, approval and commercialization of our drug candidates. In addition, if a CRO fails to perform as agreed, our ability to collect damages may be contractually limited. If we fail to effectively manage the CROs carrying out the development of our drug candidates or if our CROs fail to perform as agreed, the commercialization of our drug candidates will be delayed or prevented. In many cases, our CROs have the right to terminate their agreements with us in the event of an uncured material breach. Identifying, qualifying and managing performance of third-party service providers can be difficult, time consuming and cause delays in our development programs. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work and the new CRO may not provide the same type or level of services as the original provider. If any of our relationships with our third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so timely or on commercially reasonable terms. 
 The mechanisms of action of certain of our drug candidates are unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any drug of commercial value. 
 We have discovered and develop drug candidates that have what we believe are novel mechanisms of action directed against cytoskeletal targets. The results we have seen for our compounds in preclinical models may not translate into similar results in humans, and results of early clinical trials in humans may not be predictive of the results of larger clinical trials that may later be conducted with our drug candidates. Even if we are successful in developing and receiving regulatory approval for a drug candidate for the treatment of a particular disease, we cannot be certain that it will be accepted by prescribers or be reimbursed by insurers or that we will also be able to develop and receive regulatory approval for that or other drug candidates for the treatment of other diseases. If we or our partners are unable to successfully develop and commercialize our drug candidates, our business will be materially harmed. 
 Moreover, in the event any of our competitors were to develop their own drug candidates that have a similar mechanism of action to any of our drug candidates and compounds, any efficacy or safety concerns identified during the development of such similar drug candidates may have an adverse impact on the development of our own drug candidates. For example, if a competitor's drug candidate having a similar mechanism of action as any of our own drug candidates is shown in clinical trials to give rise to serious safety concerns or have poor efficacy when administered to the target patient population, the FDA or other regulatory bodies may subject our drug candidates to increased scrutiny, leading to additional delays in development and potentially decreasing the chance of ultimate approval of our own drug candidates. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 
 We have been granted orphan designation by the FDA and EMA for reldesemtiv for the potential treatment ALS and orphan designation by the FDA for aficamten for the potential treatment of symptomatic HCM; however, there can be no guarantee that we will receive orphan approval for reldesemtiv or aficamten, nor that we will be able to prevent third parties from developing and commercializing products that are competitive to reldesemtiv or aficamten. 
 We have been granted orphan drug designation in the U.S. by the FDA for reldesemtiv for the potential treatment of ALS and for aficamten for the potential treatment of symptomatic HCM. In the U.S., upon approval from the FDA of an NDA, products granted orphan drug designation are generally provided with seven years of marketing exclusivity in the U.S., meaning the FDA will generally not approve applications for other product candidates that contain the same active ingredient for the same orphan indication. Even if we are the first to obtain approval of an orphan product and are granted such exclusivity in the U.S., there are limited circumstances under which a later competitor product may be approved for the same indication during the seven-year period of marketing exclusivity, such as if the later product is shown to be clinically superior to our product or due to an inability to assure a sufficient quantity of the orphan drug. 
 EMA has granted orphan medicinal product designation to reldesemtiv for the potential treatment of SMA and the potential treatment of ALS. Orphan medicinal product status in the E.U. can provide up to 10 years of marketing exclusivity, meaning that another application for marketing authorization of a later similar medicinal product for the same therapeutic indication will generally not be approved in the E.U. Although we may have drug candidates that may obtain orphan drug exclusivity in Europe, the orphan approval and associated exclusivity period may be modified for several reasons, including a significant change to the orphan medicinal product designations or approval criteria after-market authorization of the orphan product (e.g., product profitability exceeds the criteria for orphan drug designation), problems with the production or supply of the orphan drug or a competitor drug, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior than the initial orphan drug. 
 We are not guaranteed to maintain orphan status for reldesemtiv or aficamten or to receive orphan status for reldesemtiv or aficamten for any other indication or for any of our other drug candidates for any indication. We are not guaranteed to be granted orphan designation in the E.U. for aficamten by the EMA. If our drug candidates that are granted orphan status were to lose their status as orphan drugs or the marketing exclusivity provided for them in the U.S. or the E.U., our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. While orphan status for any of our products, if granted or maintained, would provide market exclusivity in the U.S. and the E.U. for the time periods specified above, we would not be able to exclude other companies from manufacturing and/or selling products using the same active ingredient for the same indication beyond the exclusivity period applicable to our product on the basis of orphan drug status. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that another company will not receive approval before we do of an orphan drug application in the U.S. or the E.U. for a product candidate that has the same active ingredient or is a similar medicinal product for the same indication as any of our drug candidates for which we plan to file for orphan designation and status. If that were to happen, our orphan drug applications for our drug candidate for that indication may not be approved until the competing company s period of exclusivity has expired in the U.S. or the E.U., as applicable. Further, application of the orphan drug regulations in the U.S. and Europe is uncertain, and we cannot predict how the respective regulatory bodies will interpret and apply the regulations to our or our competitors products. 
 We have been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for aficamten by the FDA and we may seek additional special designations from regulatory authorities to expedite the review and approval process for our product candidates. However, these designations may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 We have been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for aficamten for oHCM by the FDA and may seek these and/or additional special designations from regulatory authorities to expedite the review and approval process for our product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug candidate that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically important endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For products that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drug candidates designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA can also be eligible for accelerated approval. If a drug candidate is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug candidate sponsor may apply for Fast Track Designation. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 
 Fast Track Designation is an FDA process designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. The purpose of the program is to make important new drugs available to the patient earlier. Filling an unmet medical need is defined as providing a therapy where none exists or providing a potential improvement upon the current standard of care. Once a drug candidate receives Fast Track Designation, early and frequent communication between the FDA and the sponsor is encouraged throughout the entire drug development and review process. The frequency of communication assures that questions and issues are resolved quickly, often leading to earlier drug approval and access by patients. 
 The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant these designations, so even if we believe a particular drug candidate is eligible for a particular designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our drug candidates meets the criteria for a designation, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a particular designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drug candidates considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our drug candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the products no longer meet the conditions for qualification and rescind the breakthrough designation. Further, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from a clinical development program. 
 If we are unable to maintain any existing Breakthrough Therapy Designation or Fast Track Designation or fail to secure such designation for any additional product candidates, this would have an adverse impact on our development timelines and our ability to obtain approval for and commercialize our product candidates. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Separately, in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA had a period during which manufacturing inspections were not conducted, leading to delay, and has resumed on-site inspections of domestic manufacturing facilities subject to a risk-based prioritization system. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Specific to our Company in connection with our Commercial Operations 
 Our competitors may develop drugs that are less expensive, safer and/or more effective than ours, which may diminish or eliminate the commercial success of any drugs that we may commercialize. 
 We compete with companies that have developed drugs or are developing drug candidates for cardiovascular diseases, diseases and conditions associated with muscle weakness or wasting and other diseases for which our drug candidates may be useful treatments. 
 Our competitors may: 
 develop drug candidates and market drugs that are less expensive or more effective than our future drugs; 

commercialize competing drugs before we or our partners can launch any drugs developed from our drug candidates; 

hold or obtain proprietary rights that could prevent us from commercializing our products; 

initiate or withstand substantial price competition more successfully than we can; 

39 

Table of Contents 
 
 more successfully recruit skilled scientific workers and management from the limited pool of available talent; 

more effectively negotiate third-party licenses and strategic alliances; 

take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily than we can; 

develop drug candidates and market drugs that increase the levels of safety or efficacy that our drug candidates will need to show in order to obtain regulatory approval; or 

introduce therapies or market drugs that render the market opportunity for our potential drugs obsolete. 

We will compete for market share against large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and smaller companies that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, new companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of these competitors, either alone or together with their partners, may develop new drug candidates that will compete with ours. Many of these competitors have larger research and development programs or substantially greater financial resources than we do. Our competitors may also have significantly greater experience in: 
 developing drug candidates; 

undertaking preclinical testing and clinical trials; 

building relationships with key customers and opinion-leading physicians; 

obtaining and maintaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of drug candidates; 

formulating and manufacturing drugs; and 

launching, marketing and selling drugs. 

If our competitors market drugs that are less expensive, safer and/or more efficacious than our potential drugs, or that reach the market sooner than our potential drugs, we may not achieve commercial success. In addition, the life sciences industry is characterized by rapid technological change. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change, we may be unable to compete effectively. Our competitors may render our technologies obsolete by improving existing technological approaches or developing new or different approaches, potentially eliminating the advantages in our drug discovery process that we believe we derive from our research approach and proprietary technologies. 
 Even if our drug candidates are approved, we may experience difficulties or delays in achieving market access, reimbursement and favorable drug pricing for our drug products. 
 We currently have limited interactions and relationships with payors. Over time, we anticipate that our drugs will be adopted by our patients as indicated by the labels once they are approved by regulatory authorities. To achieve this adoption, our drugs will need to be covered and listed in formularies of major pharmacy benefit managers and payors in the U.S. These major pharmacy benefit managers and payors include Medicare, Medicaid, VA, DoD, TriCare, and other commercial payors with whom we have had limited interactions. The process to achieve coverage with pharmacy benefit managers and payors can be time consuming, is not guaranteed and if achieved can impact profitability given the level of rebates often required. 
 Specifically in relation to omecamtiv mecarbil, even if such drug candidate is ultimately approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for commercialization, it may not become a guideline-directed medical therapy for heart failure or it may not reach such status in a timely manner upon commercialization, which may adversely impact its sales prospects. Furthermore, we assume omecamtiv mecarbil will have a disproportionally larger share of Medicare patients relative to commercial and other payors. Overall coverage could be delayed given Medicare s defined bid timelines for inclusion in the Medicare Part D formulary. In addition, the rebate levels we may have to offer to pharmacy benefit managers and payors to be included in their formularies may also impact the profitability of omecamtiv mecarbil. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 
 Moreover, pricing of our drug candidates, if approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for commercialization, may be impacted by cost-effectiveness and economic analyses by a Health Technology Assessment organization such as the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review, or ICER, an independent non-profit research institute that produces reports analyzing the evidence underlying the effectiveness and value of drugs and other medicinal services. ICER assessments and recommended pricing based on cost-effectiveness may affect our ability to obtain favorable pricing terms with Medicare, Medicaid, VA, DoD, TriCare, and other commercial payors. For example, in November 2021, ICER published its final evidence report and policy recommendations related to Camzyos tm (mavacamten), a small molecule myosin inhibitor being developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (formerly by MyoKardia, Inc.) that has a similar mechanism of action to aficamten. The report concluded that a majority of contributing panelists found that current evidence was not adequate to demonstrate a net health benefit for Camzyos tm (mavacamten) added to background therapy when compared to background therapy alone or a net health benefit of Camzyos tm (mavacamten) when compared to disopyramide. Moreover, ICER s final report concluded that modeling short-term clinical benefits of Camzyos tm (mavacamten) over a longer time period produces a health-benefit price benchmark index for Camzyos tm (mavacamten) between 12,000- 15,000 per year, significantly lower than the 94,870 annual list price at launch that Bristol-Myers Squibb Company has indicated. Whilst not binding on Medicare, Medicaid, VA, DoD, TriCare, and other commercial payors, or indicative of the net health benefits, ICER could conclude for aficamten a similar conclusion that could adversely impact our ability to obtain favorable pricing. 
 The commercial success of our products depends on the availability and sufficiency of third party payor coverage and reimbursement. 
 Patients in the United States and elsewhere generally rely on third party payors to reimburse part or all of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Accordingly, market acceptance of our products is dependent on the extent to which third party coverage and reimbursement is available from government health administration authorities (including in connection with government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States), private healthcare insurers and other healthcare funding organizations. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. Even if we obtain coverage for a given drug product, the timeframe from approval to coverage could be lengthy, inadequate, and/or the associated reimbursement rate may not be adequate to cover our costs, including research, development, intellectual property, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses, or may require co payments that patients find unacceptably high. 
 Coverage and reimbursement policies for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third party payors in the United States. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement as the process of determining coverage and reimbursement is often time consuming and costly which will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage or adequate reimbursement will be obtained. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for our products. Coverage policies and third party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 In addition, there is significant uncertainty regarding the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products. If third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other therapies, the payors may not cover our products as a benefit under their plans, or if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a profitable basis. 
 We expect that increased emphasis on cost containment measures in the United States by third party payors to continue and will place pressure on pharmaceutical pricing and coverage. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more drug products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient third party coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products, the commercial success of our drug products may be greatly hindered and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We have no manufacturing capacity and depend on contract manufacturers to produce our clinical trial materials, including our drug candidates, and will have continued reliance on contract manufacturers for the development and commercialization of our potential drugs. 
 We do not currently operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of our drug candidates and rely on CMOs for the manufacture of finished drug product and active pharmaceutical ingredient. We have limited experience in drug formulation and manufacturing, and we lack the resources and the capabilities to manufacture any of our drug candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, under the Ji Xing Agreements, we have committed to providing Ji Xing with supply of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil for development and commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan, which we will have to source from our contract manufacturers. We expect to rely on contract manufacturers to supply all future drug candidates for which we conduct development, as well as other materials required to conduct our clinical trials, and to fulfil our obligations under the Ji Xing Agreements. 
 If any of our existing or future contract manufacturers fail to perform satisfactorily, it could delay development or regulatory approval of our drug candidates or commercialization of our drugs, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenues, and also lead to our breach of one or both of the Ji Xing Agreements, giving rise to the ability to terminate such agreements and other adverse consequences as stipulated in the Ji Xing Agreements. In addition, if a contract manufacturer fails to perform as agreed, our ability to collect damages may be contractually limited. 
 Our drug candidates require precise high-quality manufacturing. The failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards, including failure to detect or control anticipated or unanticipated manufacturing errors or the frequent occurrence of such errors, could result in patient injury or death, discontinuance or delay of ongoing or planned clinical trials, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns, product recalls or withdrawals and other problems that could seriously hurt our business. Contract drug manufacturers often encounter difficulties involving production yields, quality control and quality assurance and shortages of qualified personnel. These manufacturers are subject to stringent regulatory requirements, including the FDA s current good manufacturing practices regulations and similar foreign laws and standards. Each contract manufacturer must pass a pre-approval inspection before we can obtain marketing approval for any of our drug candidates and following approval will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and other regulatory agencies, to ensure strict compliance with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable government regulations and corresponding foreign laws and standards. We seek to ensure that our contract manufacturers comply fully with all applicable regulations, laws and standards. However, we do not have control over our contract manufacturers compliance with these regulations, laws and standards. If one of our contract manufacturers fails to pass its pre-approval inspection or maintain ongoing compliance at any time, the production of our drug candidates could be interrupted, resulting in delays or discontinuance of our clinical trials, additional costs and potentially lost revenues. In addition, failure of any third-party manufacturers or us to comply with applicable regulations, including pre- or post-approval inspections and the current good manufacturing practice requirements of the FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies, could result in sanctions being imposed on us. These sanctions could include fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, our existing and future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store and distribute our drug candidates. If a natural disaster, business failure, strike or other difficulty occurs, we may be unable to replace these contract manufacturers in a timely or cost-effective manner and the production of our drug candidates would be interrupted, resulting in delays, loss of customers and additional costs. 
 Switching manufacturers or manufacturing sites would be difficult and time-consuming because the number of potential manufacturers is limited. In addition, before a drug from any replacement manufacturer or manufacturing site can be commercialized, the FDA and, in some cases, foreign regulatory agencies, must approve that site. These approvals would require regulatory testing and compliance inspections. A new manufacturer or manufacturing site also would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our drugs and drug candidates. It may be difficult or impossible to transfer certain elements of a manufacturing process to a new manufacturer or for us to find a replacement manufacturer on acceptable terms quickly, or at all, either of which would delay or prevent our ability to develop drug candidates and commercialize any resulting drugs. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 
 We may not be able to successfully manufacture our drug candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our drug candidates and commercializing resulting approved drugs, if any. 
 To date, our drug candidates have been manufactured in quantities adequate for preclinical studies and early through late-stage clinical trials. In order to conduct large scale clinical trials for a drug candidate and for commercialization of the resulting drug if that drug candidate is approved for sale, we will need to manufacture some drug candidates in larger quantities. We may not be able to successfully repeat or increase the manufacturing capacity for any of our drug candidates, whether in collaboration with third-party manufacturers or on our own, in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. If a contract manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our drug candidates, we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to those improvements. Significant changes or scale-up of manufacturing may require additional validation studies, which are costly and which regulatory authorities must review and approve. In addition, quality issues may arise during those changes or scale-up activities because of the inherent properties of a drug candidate itself or of a drug candidate in combination with other components added during the manufacturing and packaging process, or during shipping and storage of the finished product or active pharmaceutical ingredients. If we are unable to successfully manufacture of any of our drug candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, the development of that drug candidate and regulatory approval or commercial launch for any resulting drugs may be delayed or there may be a shortage in supply, which could significantly harm our business. In addition, data demonstrating the stability of both drug substance and drug product, using the commercial manufacturing process and at commercial scale, are required for marketing applications. Failure to produce drug substance and drug products in a timely manner and obtain stability data could result in delay of submission of marketing applications. 
 If we or our partners receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates, we or they will be subject to ongoing obligations to and continued regulatory review by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies, and may be subject to additional post-marketing obligations, all of which may result in significant expense and limit commercialization of our potential drugs. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we or our partners receive for our drug candidates may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or require potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies or compliance with a REMS. In addition, if the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies approves any of our drug candidates, the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and record-keeping for the drug will be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with the drug, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or the discovery that adverse events or toxicities observed in preclinical research or clinical trials that were believed to be minor constitute much more serious problems, may result in restrictions on the marketing of the drug or withdrawal of the drug from the market. 
 The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies may change their policies and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we might not be permitted to market our drugs and our business would suffer. 
 If physicians and patients do not accept our drugs, we may be unable to generate significant revenue, if any. 
 Even if our drug candidates obtain regulatory approval, the resulting drugs, if any, may not gain market acceptance among physicians, healthcare payors, patients and the medical community. Even if the clinical safety and efficacy of drugs developed from our drug candidates are established for purposes of approval, physicians may elect not to recommend these drugs for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to: 
 introduction of competitive drugs to the market; 

clinical safety and efficacy of alternative drugs or treatments; 

cost-effectiveness; 

availability of coverage and reimbursement from health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors; 

convenience and ease of administration; 

prevalence and severity of adverse events; 

other potential disadvantages relative to alternative treatment methods; or 

insufficient patient support; 

insufficient marketing and distribution support. 

If our drugs fail to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to generate significant revenue and our business would suffer. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Specific to our Company in connection with our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends substantially upon our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection relating to our drug candidates, compounds and research technologies. 
 We own, co-own or hold exclusive licenses to a number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications directed to our drug candidates, compounds and research technologies. Our success depends on our ability to obtain patent protection both in the United States and in other countries for our drug candidates, their methods of manufacture and use, and our technologies. Our ability to protect our drug candidates, compounds and technologies from unauthorized or infringing use by third parties depends substantially on our ability to obtain and enforce our patents. If our issued patents and patent applications, if granted, do not adequately describe, enable or otherwise provide coverage of our technologies and drug candidates, we, our licensors or our licensees would not be able to exclude others from developing or commercializing these drug candidates. Furthermore, the degree of future protection of our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our technologies and drug candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize drug candidates similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize product candidates that we may pursue may be impaired. 
 Obtaining and enforcing biopharmaceutical patents is costly, time consuming and complex, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or maintain, enforce and license any patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents licensed to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 
 Due to evolving legal standards relating to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering pharmaceutical inventions and the claim scope of these patents, our ability to enforce our existing patents and to obtain and enforce patents that may issue from any pending or future patent applications is uncertain and involves complex legal, scientific and factual questions. The standards which the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and are subject to change. To date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents. Thus, we cannot be sure that any patents will issue from any pending or future patent applications owned by, co-owned by or licensed to us. Even if patents do issue, we cannot be sure that the claims of these patents will be held valid or enforceable by a court of law, will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products, or will afford us a commercial advantage over competitive products. In particular: 
 we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications or issued patents; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for the inventions covered by our pending patent applications or issued patents; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

some or all of our or our licensors pending patent applications may not result in issued patents or the claims that issue may be narrow in scope and not provide us with competitive advantages; 

our and our licensors issued patents may not provide a basis for commercially viable drugs or therapies or may be challenged and invalidated by third parties; 

our or our licensors patent applications or patents may be subject to interference, post-grant proceedings, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, opposition or similar legal and administrative proceedings that may result in a reduction in their scope or their loss altogether; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies or drug candidates that are patentable; or 

the patents of others may prevent us or our partners from discovering, developing or commercializing our drug candidates. 

44 

Table of Contents 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Patent protection is afforded on a country-by-country basis. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. Many companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. Some of our development efforts are performed in countries outside of the United States through third-party contractors. We may not be able to effectively monitor and assess intellectual property developed by these contractors. We therefore may not be able to effectively protect this intellectual property and could lose potentially valuable intellectual property rights. In addition, the legal protection afforded to inventors and owners of intellectual property in countries outside of the United States may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as in the United States. Therefore, we may be unable to acquire and protect intellectual property developed by these contractors to the same extent as if these development activities were being conducted in the United States. If we encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions, our business prospects could be substantially harmed. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our technologies and drug candidates for an adequate amount of time. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our technologies and drug candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned, co-owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours or our partners. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. Non-compliance could result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. We rely on intellectual property assignment agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, scientific advisors and other collaborators to grant us ownership of new intellectual property that is developed. These agreements may not result in the effective assignment to us of that intellectual property. As a result, our ownership of key intellectual property could be compromised. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators, consultants or other third parties have an interest in our owned, co-owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we or our licensors may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, collaborators, consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship of our or our licensors ownership of our owned, co-owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our product candidates. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 
 We are a party to license agreements and may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research and development activities or allow the commercialization of our drug candidates and future drug candidates we may identify and pursue. If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or these agreements are terminated or we otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. Our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under such license agreements and might therefore terminate, or seek to terminate, the license agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If our license agreements are terminated, we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States or other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property or our ability to obtain patents. For example, the America Invents Act of 2011 may affect the scope, strength and enforceability of our patent rights in the United States or the nature of proceedings which may be brought by us related to our patent rights in the United States. 
 If one or more products resulting from our drug candidates is approved for sale by the FDA and we do not have adequate intellectual property protection for those products, competitors could duplicate them for approval and sale in the United States without repeating the extensive testing required of us or our partners to obtain FDA approval. Regardless of any patent protection, under current law, an application for a generic version of a new chemical entity cannot be approved until at least five years after the FDA has approved the original product. When that period expires, or if that period is altered, the FDA could approve a generic version of our product regardless of our patent protection. An applicant for a generic version of our product may only be required to conduct a relatively inexpensive study to show that its product is bioequivalent to our product, and may not have to repeat the lengthy and expensive clinical trials that we or our partners conducted to demonstrate that the product is safe and effective. In the absence of adequate patent protection for our products in other countries, competitors may similarly be able to obtain regulatory approval in those countries of generic versions of our products. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business would be harmed. 
 We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, particularly where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are often difficult to protect, especially outside of the United States. While we endeavor to use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our or our partners employees, consultants, contractors or scientific and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. In addition, confidentiality agreements, if any, executed by those individuals may not be enforceable or provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. We cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Pursuing a claim that a third party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets would be expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome would be unpredictable. Even if we are able to maintain our trade secrets as confidential, if our competitors lawfully obtain or independently develop information equivalent or similar to our trade secrets, our business could be harmed. 
 If we are not able to defend the patent or trade secret protection position of our technologies and drug candidates, then we will not be able to exclude competitors from developing or marketing competing drugs, and we may not generate enough revenue from product sales to justify the cost of development of our drugs or to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 
 If we are sued for infringing third-party intellectual property rights, it will be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome could have a significant adverse effect on our business. 
 Our ability to commercialize drugs depends on our ability to use, manufacture and sell those drugs without infringing the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the therapeutic areas in which we are developing drug candidates and seeking new potential drug candidates. In addition, because patent applications can take several years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, which could later result in issued patents that our activities with our drug candidates could infringe. There may also be existing patents, unknown to us, that our activities with our drug candidates could infringe. 
 Other future products of ours may be impacted by patents of companies engaged in competitive programs with significantly greater resources. Further development of these products could be impacted by these patents and result in significant legal fees. If a third party claims that our actions infringe its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could seriously harm our competitive position, including, but not limited to: 
 infringement and other intellectual property claims that, even if meritless, can be costly and time-consuming to litigate, delay the regulatory approval process and divert management s attention from our core business operations; 

substantial damages for past infringement which we may have to pay if a court determines that our drugs or technologies infringe a third party s patent or other proprietary rights; 

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our drugs or technologies unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which it is not required to do; and 

if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights. 

If any of these events occur, it could significantly harm our business and negatively affect our stock price. 
 We may undertake infringement or other legal proceedings against third parties, causing us to spend substantial resources on litigation and exposing our own intellectual property portfolio to challenge. 
 Third parties may infringe our patents. To prevent infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to file infringement suits, which are expensive and time-consuming. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is invalid, unenforceable, or both. In such case third parties may be able to use our technology without paying licensing fees or royalties. Even if the validity of our patents is upheld, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the ground that the other party s activities are not covered by our patents. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, and we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the United States. In addition, third parties may affirmatively challenge our rights to, or the scope or validity of, our patent rights. 
 The uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to conduct clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our drug candidates or other product candidates that we may identify to market. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may become involved in disputes with our strategic partners over intellectual property ownership, and publications by our research collaborators and clinical investigators could impair our ability to obtain patent protection or protect our proprietary information, either of which would have a significant impact on our business. 
 Inventions discovered under our current or future strategic alliance agreements may become jointly owned by our strategic partners and us in some cases, and the exclusive property of one of us in other cases. Under some circumstances, it may be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention or whether it is jointly owned, and disputes could arise regarding ownership or use of those inventions. These disputes could be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome could have a significant adverse effect on our business if we were not able to protect or license rights to these inventions. In addition, our research collaborators and clinical investigators generally have contractual rights to publish data arising from their work. Publications by our research collaborators and clinical investigators relating to our research and development programs, either with or without our consent, could benefit our current or potential competitors and may impair our ability to obtain patent protection or protect our proprietary information, which could significantly harm our business. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed trade secrets of their former employers. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no legal proceedings against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending these claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to develop and commercialize certain potential drugs, which could significantly harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and distract management. 
 Financial Risks 
 We have a history of significant losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability and, as a result, you may lose part or all of your investment. 
 We have generally incurred operating losses in each year since our inception in 1997, due to costs incurred in connection with our research and development activities and general and administrative costs associated with our operations. Our drug candidates are all in early through late-stage clinical testing, and we must conduct significant additional clinical trials before we and our partners can seek the regulatory approvals necessary to begin commercial sales of our drugs. We expect to incur increasing losses for at least several more years, as we continue our research activities and conduct development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug candidates, and commercialize any approved drugs. If our drug candidates fail or do not gain regulatory approval, or if our drugs do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be profitable. If we fail to become and remain profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 We will need substantial additional capital in the future to sufficiently fund our operations. 
 We have consumed substantial amounts of capital to date, and our operating expenditures will increase over the next several years as we expand our research and development activities and expand our organization to prepare for commercialization of any approved drug. We have funded our operations and capital expenditures with proceeds primarily from private and public sales of our equity securities, royalty monetization agreements, revenue interest agreements, strategic alliances, long-term debt, other financings, interest on investments and grants. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and interest earned on investments should be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our drug candidates and other research and development activities, including risks and uncertainties that could impact the rate of progress of our development activities, we are unable to estimate with certainty the amounts of capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with these activities. 
 For the foreseeable future, our operations will require significant additional funding, in large part due to our research and development expenses, the organizational scale up and associated expenditures with commercial readiness activities to launch approved drugs combined with the absence of any revenues from product sales. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue, we expect to raise future capital through strategic alliance and licensing arrangements, public or private equity offerings and debt financings. We do not currently have any commitments for future funding other than through loans under the RP Loan Agreement with RPDF, potential additional revenue interest sale proceeds under the RP Aficamten RPA, and reimbursements, milestone and royalty payments that we may receive under our agreements with Ji Xing. We may not receive any further funds under any of these agreements. Our ability to raise funds may be adversely impacted by current economic conditions. As a result of these and other factors, we do not know whether additional financing will be available when needed, or that, if available, such financing would be on terms favorable to our stockholders or us, and if we cannot raise the funds we need to operate our business, we will need to delay or discontinue certain research and development activities, and our stock price may be negatively affected. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 
 We have never generated, and may never generate, revenues from commercial sales of our drugs and we may not have drugs to market for at least several years, if ever. 
 We currently have no drugs for sale and we cannot guarantee that we will ever develop or obtain approval to market any drugs. To receive marketing approval for any drug candidate, we must demonstrate that the drug candidate satisfies rigorous standards of safety and efficacy to the FDA in the United States and other regulatory authorities abroad. We and our partners will need to conduct significant research and preclinical and clinical testing before we or our partners can file applications with the FDA or other regulatory authorities for approval of any of our drug candidates. In addition, to compete effectively, our drugs must be easy to use, cost-effective, covered by insurance or government sponsored medical plans, and economical to manufacture on a commercial scale, compared to other therapies available for the treatment of the same conditions. We may not achieve any of these objectives. Currently, our clinical-stage drug candidates include omecamtiv mecarbil for the potential treatment of heart failure, reldesemtiv for the potential treatment of ALS and potentially other indications associated with muscle weakness, and aficamten for the potential treatment of HCM and potentially other indications. We cannot be certain that the clinical development of our current or any future drug candidates will be successful, that they will receive the regulatory approvals required to commercialize them, that they will ultimately be accepted by prescribers or reimbursed by insurers or that any of our other research programs will yield a drug candidate suitable for clinical testing or commercialization. For example, our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF resulted in a CRL notwithstanding the fact that GALACTIC-HF met its primary efficacy endpoint, and that the results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of drugs that may not be commercially marketed for several years, if at all. The development of any one or all of these drug candidates may be discontinued at any stage of our clinical trials programs and we may not generate revenue from any of these drug candidates. 
 Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the RP Loan Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 611.1 million aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, comprised of 50.0 million under the RP Loan Agreement, 21.1 million under our 2026 Notes, and 540.0 million under our 2027 Notes. 
 We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 

requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 

limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; 

diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes; and 

placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 

Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our indebtedness and our cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, any required repurchase of the Convertible Notes for cash as a result of a fundamental change would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for us in our business. Further any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 
 Covenants in the RP Loan Agreement, the RP Aficamten RPA, the RP OM RPA, and the indentures related to our Convertible Notes restrict our business and operations in many ways and if we do not effectively manage our covenants, our financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our operations may not provide sufficient cash to meet our debt repayment obligations. 
 The RP Loan Agreement, the RP Aficamten RPA, the RP OM RPA, and the indentures related to the Convertible Notes require that we comply with certain covenants applicable to us, including among other things, covenants restricting dispositions, changes in business, management, ownership or business locations, mergers or acquisitions, indebtedness, encumbrances, distributions, investments, transactions with affiliates and subordinated debt, any of which could restrict our business and operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions to take advantage of certain business opportunities that may be presented to us. In addition, the RP Aficamten RPA and the RP OM RPA contain certain covenants applicable to us, including among other things, development and commercialization diligence obligations in connection to aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil and reporting obligations, which could also restrict our business and operations, particularly in connection to our development and commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil. 
 Our failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in a default under the RP Loan Agreement, the RP Aficamten RPA, the RP OM RPA, or the indentures related to the Convertible Notes, which could permit the counterparties to declare all or part of any outstanding borrowings or other payment obligations to be immediately due and payable and/or enforce any outstanding liens against our assets. 
 We have no rights to repurchase the revenue interests in omecamtiv mecarbil or aficamten sold to RPFT or RPI ICAV respectively, thereby limiting our ability to eliminate future applicability of the covenants contained in the RP OM RPA and the RP Aficamten RPA, and although we do have voluntary prepayment rights under the RP Loan Agreement, any voluntary prepayment rights will require that we pay RPDF 190 of the principal amount of amounts disbursed to us as tranche 1, tranche 4 and tranche 5 loans and 200 for tranche 2 and tranche 3 loans, thereby making it potentially disadvantageous to voluntarily prepay RPDF prior to the final maturity date applicable to loans outstanding under the RP Loan Agreement. 
 In addition, certain provisions in the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the related indentures could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change under our indenture, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change under our indenture, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Convertible Notes and the related Indentures could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 
 Finally, should we be unable to comply with our covenants or if we default on any portion of our outstanding borrowings under the RP Loan Agreement, in addition to its rights to accelerate and demand for immediate repayment of amounts outstanding under the RP Loan Agreement, we would be liable for default interest at a rate of 4 over the prime rate. 
 We may not be entitled to obtain additional loan disbursements under the RP Loan Agreement or the RP Aficamten RPA. 
 On January 7, 2022, we announced that we had entered into the RP Loan Agreement and the RP Aficamten RPA with each of RPDF and RPI ICAV respectively, each such entity being affiliated with Royalty Pharma International plc. Together these agreements make available to us up to 150.0 million in revenue interest sale proceeds under the RP Aficamten RPA and up to 300.0 million in loans, of which a 50.0 million loan and 50.0 million in revenue interest sale proceeds were paid to us at the closing of such transactions. In addition, on March 10, 2022, we received a further 50.0 million in revenue interest sale proceeds from RPI ICAV under the RP Aficamten RPA following the initiation of our first pivotal trial in oHCM for aficamten. However, additional loan disbursements and sale proceeds under the RP Aficamten RPA and the RP Loan Agreement are subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions related to the development of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil, in certain cases by specific deadlines. Should we not satisfy such conditions by the applicable deadlines, or in the event we fail to meet our obligations or default under these agreements, the actual amount of additional loan disbursements and/or sale proceeds could be substantially less than the maximum amounts available thereunder. 
 As a result of FDA's CRL in response to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil, we do not expect to satisfy the conditions for the availability of disbursement of the 50 million tranche 2 and 25 million tranche 3 term loans under the RP Loan Agreement. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk under the RP Aficamten RPA and the RP Loan Agreement 
 We are subject to counterparty risk in the event that either RPDF or RP ICAV default on their respective obligations under the RP Loan Agreement or the RP Aficamten RPA respectively. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 
 In respect of the RP Aficamten RPA, our ability to receive additional revenue interest sale proceeds is subject to the risk that RPI ICAV may default or otherwise fail to perform its obligations thereunder to pay us additional revenue interest sale proceeds that we would be entitled to upon satisfaction of certain conditions. In such event, subject to a cure right of RPI ICAV, we will have a limited right to reduce the amount of royalty payable by unless such obligation is contested in good faith, but otherwise our exposure to the credit risk of RPI ICAV will not be secured by any collateral. If RPI ICAV becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under such transaction and without any reversion of the revenue interest having been sold to RPI ICAV (other than the aforementioned reduction) and without any recourse against Royalty Pharma International plc or any of its other affiliated or controlled entities. 
 In respect of the RP Loan Agreement, our ability to receive additional loan disbursements is subject to the risk that RPDF may default or otherwise fail to perform its obligations thereunder to extend additional loan disbursement that we would be entitled to upon satisfaction of certain conditions. In such event, we have no recourse against Royalty Pharma International plc or any of its other affiliated or controlled entities, and in the event of an RPDF insolvency, we would have no rights to additional loan disbursements from RPDF. 
 Conversion of our outstanding Convertible Notes may result in the dilution of existing stockholders, create downward pressure on the price of our common stock, and restrict our ability to take advantage of future opportunities. 
 The Convertible Notes may be converted into cash and shares of our common stock (subject to our right or obligation to pay cash in lieu of all or a portion of such shares). If shares of our common stock are issued to the holders of the Convertible Notes upon conversion, there will be dilution to our stockholders equity and the market price of our shares may decrease due to the additional selling pressure in the market. Any downward pressure on the price of our common stock caused by the sale or potential sale of shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes could also encourage short sales by third parties, creating additional selling pressure on our stock. The existence of the Convertible Notes and the obligations that we incurred by issuing them may restrict our ability to take advantage of certain future opportunities, such as engaging in future debt or equity financing activities. 
 We will depend on Ji Xing for the development and commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. 
 Under the terms of the Ji Xing Agreements, Ji Xing will be responsible for the development and commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. The timing and amount of any milestone and royalty payments we may receive under the Ji Xing Agreements will depend in part on the efforts and successful commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil by Ji Xing. We do not control the individual efforts of Ji Xing, and any failure by Ji Xing to devote sufficient time and effort to the development and commercialization of aficamten or omecamtiv mecarbil or to meet its obligations to us, including for future milestone and royalty payments; or to adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis, or to satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us could each have an adverse impact on our financial results and operations. We will also depend on Ji Xing to comply with all applicable laws relative to the development and commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. If Ji Xing were to violate, or was alleged to have violated, any laws or regulations during the performance of its obligations for us, it is possible that we could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences. 
 Any termination, breach or expiration of the Ji Xing Agreements could have a material adverse effect on our financial position by reducing or eliminating the potential for us to receive milestones and royalties. In such an event, we may be required to devote additional efforts and to incur additional costs associated with pursuing the development and commercialization of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. Alternatively, we may attempt to identify and transact with a new sub-licensee, but there can be no assurance that we would be able to identify a suitable sub-licensee or transact on terms that are favorable to us. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations, and ownership changes may limit our ability to use our net operating losses and tax credits in the future. 
 Our ability to use our federal and state NOLs to offset potential future taxable income and reduce related income taxes depends upon our generation of future taxable income. We cannot predict with certainty when, or whether, we will generate sufficient taxable income to use our NOLs. 
 Our federal NOLs generated in taxable years beginning prior to 2018 will continue to be governed by tax rules in effect prior to the Tax Act, with unused NOLs expiring 20 years after we report a tax loss. These NOLs could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future taxable income. We cannot predict if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act, as modified by additional tax legislation enacted in 2020. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, generally, if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5 of our stock increases its ownership by more than 50 over its lowest ownership percentage within a three-year testing period, an ownership change occurs (an Ownership Change ). Our ability to utilize our NOLs and tax credit carryforwards to reduce taxes payable in a year we have taxable income may be limited if there has been an Ownership Change in our stock. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We may experience Ownership Changes in the future as a result of future stock sales or other changes in the ownership of our stock, some of which are beyond our control and, as a result, NOLs generated in taxable years beginning 2017 and before, may expire unused. 
 Any material limitation or expiration of our NOLs and tax credit carryforwards may harm our future net income by effectively increasing our future effective tax rate, which could result in a reduction in the market price of our common stock. 
 Comprehensive U.S. tax reform legislation could increase the tax burden on our orphan drug programs and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 In 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act that includes significant changes to the taxation of business entities, which was modified by additional federal tax legislation in 2020. These changes include, among others, (i) a permanent reduction to the corporate income tax rate, (ii) a partial limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense and net operating loss carryforwards, (iii) a shift of the U.S. taxation of multinational corporations from a tax on worldwide income to a territorial system (along with certain rules designed to prevent erosion of the U.S. income tax base) and (iv) a one-time tax on accumulated offshore earnings held in cash and illiquid assets, with the latter taxed at a lower rate. Further, the comprehensive tax legislation, among other things, reduces the orphan drug tax credit from 50 to 25 of qualifying expenditures. When and if we become profitable, this reduction in tax credits may result in an increased federal income tax burden on our orphan drug programs as it may cause us to pay federal income taxes earlier under the revised tax law than under the prior law and, despite being partially off-set by a reduction in the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35 to a flat rate of 21 , may increase our total federal tax liability attributable to such programs. 
 Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of this comprehensive tax legislation resulted in an overall reduction in our deferred tax assets, and our business and financial condition could still be adversely affected as additional guidance and regulations are issued with respect to the original tax law change. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to this comprehensive tax legislation, and states may enact suspensions or limitations on the use of net operating losses and tax credits. The impact of the 2017 tax legislation on holders of our common stock is also uncertain and could be adverse. Investors should consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to this comprehensive tax legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in or holding our common stock. 
 We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. In the future, we may not complete our execution of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may result in additional material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Complying with Section 404 requires a rigorous compliance program as well as adequate time and resources. We may not be able to complete our internal control evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. Additionally, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will not be able to assert that our internal controls are effective. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 If material weaknesses are identified in the future or we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated, we would receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm, and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources, and the value of our common stock could decline. To the extent we identify future weaknesses or deficiencies, there could be material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. As a result, our ability to obtain additional financing, or obtain additional financing on favorable terms, could be materially and adversely affected which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, our financial condition and the value of our common stock. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in the future, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion or expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls in the future, investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports could be further eroded, which would have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. These accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the FASB and the SEC. A change in these policies or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, may retroactively affect previously reported results, could cause unexpected financial reporting fluctuations, and may require us to make costly changes to our operational processes and accounting systems. 
 Legal and Compliance Risks 
 Recently enacted laws, including the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, and potential future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain regulatory approval of, and to commercialize our products and affect the prices we may obtain upon commercialization. 
 The regulations that govern, among other things, regulatory approvals, coverage, pricing and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to successfully sell any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In particular, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and continues to significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA and its implementing regulations, among other things, addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs, provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research and established a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by the U.S. Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013, and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was enacted which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and outpatient clinics, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Since its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to numerous elements of the ACA, as well as efforts to repeal or replace certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to executive, judicial, and Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges will impact the ACA and our business. Policy changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the ACA or the implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant changes to the health care system which may adversely affect our business in unpredictable ways. 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, was signed into law, which, among other things, includes prescription drug provisions that may impact product pricing including the potential for net price reductions and/or the ability to increase price beyond the level of inflation over the lifecycle of our products, and/or may increase our rebate obligation to Medicare. Provisions include a requirement that the HHS negotiate drug prices for single-source brand-name drugs and biologics that are among the 50 drugs with the highest total Medicare Part D spending. The law establishes a maximum fair price, outlines the process by which the Secretary of HHS will identify drugs for negotiations, and establishes non-compliance penalties for manufacturers. The IRA implements inflation rebates in Medicare when a drug s Average Manufacturer Price (AMP, in Part D) or Average Sale Price (ASP, in Part B) rises faster than the inflation index (CPI-U). In addition, the Part D drug benefit caps beneficiary spending at 2,000, eliminates the coverage gap for patients, and modifies, beginning in 2025, liabilities for drug manufacturers by replacing the 70 discount in the Coverage gap with a 10 discount in the Initial Coverage phase and a 20 discount in the Catastrophic phase. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 
 There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. However, we cannot predict the timing or substance of proposals that may be adopted in the future, particularly in light of the difficulty of advancing legislation through Congress. The continuing efforts of governments, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare, including by imposing price controls, may adversely affect the demand and/or potential sales for our product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval and our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA or foreign regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of these changes on the regulatory approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In the United States, the E.U. and other potentially significant markets for our product candidates, government authorities and third-party payors are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products and therapies, which has resulted in lower average selling prices. For example, in the United States, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition to the enactment of the IRA, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. Furthermore, the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the E.U. will put additional pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and usage, which may adversely affect our future product sales. These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement policies and pricing in general. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of health reform initiatives that may arise from future legislation or administrative action. 
 Our relationships with customers, healthcare providers, clinical trial sites and professionals and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, including healthcare, privacy and data security laws and regulations, we could face criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, including physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any drug candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval. Our arrangements with customers, healthcare providers and third-party payors may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we develop, and may market, sell and distribute, our products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 The federal healthcare anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federally funded healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. This statute has been broadly interpreted to apply to manufacturer arrangements with prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others. Several other countries, including the United Kingdom, have enacted similar anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, and healthcare laws and regulations. 

The federal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, which can be enforced through whistleblower or qui tam actions, imposes penalties against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The government and qui tam relators have brought False Claims Act actions against pharmaceutical companies on the theory that their practices have caused false claims to be submitted to the government. 

54 

Table of Contents 
 
 HIPAA imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program. HIPAA also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HIPAA also imposes criminal liability for knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 

The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to the HHS information related to payments and other transfers of value made to or at the request of physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other health care professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Payments made to physicians and research institutions for clinical trials are included within the ambit of this law. 

Analogous state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, and some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other health care providers or marketing expenditures and state and local laws that require the registration of sales representatives. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Exclusion, suspension and debarment from government funded healthcare programs would significantly impact our ability to commercialize, sell or distribute any drug. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 We may be subject to costly product liability or other liability claims and may not be able to obtain adequate insurance. 
 The use of our drug candidates in clinical trials may result in adverse events. We cannot predict all the possible harms or adverse events that may result from our clinical trials. We currently maintain limited product liability insurance. We may not have sufficient resources to pay for any liabilities resulting from a personal injury or other claim excluded from, or beyond the limit of, our insurance coverage. Our insurance does not cover third parties negligence or malpractice, and our clinical investigators and sites may have inadequate insurance or none at all. In addition, in order to conduct clinical trials or otherwise carry out our business, we may have to contractually assume liabilities for which we may not be insured. If we are unable to look to our own insurance or a third party s insurance to pay claims against us, we may have to pay any arising costs and damages ourselves, which may be substantial. 
 In addition, if we commercially launch drugs based on our drug candidates, we will face even greater exposure to product liability claims. This risk exists even with respect to those drugs that are approved for commercial sale by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies and manufactured in licensed and regulated facilities. We intend to secure additional limited product liability insurance coverage for drugs that we commercialize, but may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms with adequate coverage, or at reasonable costs. Even if we are ultimately successful in product liability litigation, the litigation would consume substantial amounts of our financial and managerial resources and may create adverse publicity, all of which would impair our ability to generate sales of the affected product and our other potential drugs. Moreover, product recalls may be issued at our discretion or at the direction of the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies, other governmental agencies or companies having regulatory control for drug sales. Product recalls are generally expensive and often have an adverse effect on the reputation of the drugs being recalled and of the drug s developer or manufacturer. 
 We may be required to indemnify third parties against damages and other liabilities arising out of our development, commercialization and other business activities, which could be costly and time-consuming and distract management. If third parties that have agreed to indemnify us against damages and other liabilities arising from their activities do not fulfill their obligations, then we may be held responsible for those damages and other liabilities. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 European data collection is governed by restrictive regulations governing the collection, use, processing and cross-border transfer of personal information. 
 We may collect, process, use or transfer personal information from individuals located in the E.U. in connection with our business, including in connection with conducting clinical trials in the E.U. Additionally, if any of our product candidates are approved, we may seek to commercialize those products in the E.U. The collection and use of personal health data in the E.U. are governed by the provisions of the GDPR. This legislation imposes requirements relating to having legal bases for processing personal information relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside of the EEA, including to the U.S., providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal information, keeping personal information secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal information, responding to individuals requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal information, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments and record-keeping. The GDPR imposes additional responsibilities and liabilities in relation to personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and related national data protection laws of the member states of the E.U. may result in substantial fines, other administrative penalties and civil claims being brought against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 European data protection laws, including the GDPR, generally restrict the transfer of personal information from Europe, including the EEA, United Kingdom and Switzerland, to the United States and most other countries unless the parties to the transfer have implemented specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal information. One of the primary safeguards allowing United States companies to import personal information from Europe has been certification to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks administered by the United States Department of Commerce. However, the Court of Justice of the EU recently invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield. The same decision also raised questions about whether one of the primary alternatives to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, namely, the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses, can lawfully be used for personal information transfers from Europe to the United States or most other countries. At present, there are few, if any, viable alternatives to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Standard Contractual Clauses. Although we rely primarily on individuals explicit consent to transfer their personal information from Europe to the United States and other countries, in certain cases we have relied or may rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses. Authorities in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, whose data protection laws are similar to those of the EU, may similarly invalidate use of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, respectively, as mechanisms for lawful personal information transfers from those countries to the United States. As such, if we are unable to rely on explicit consent to transfer individuals personal information from Europe, which can be revoked, or implement another valid compliance solution, we will face increased exposure to substantial fines under European data protection laws as well as injunctions against processing personal information from Europe. Inability to import personal information from the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland may also restrict our clinical trial activities in Europe; limit our ability to collaborate with CROs, service providers, contractors and other companies subject to European data protection laws; and require us to increase our data processing capabilities in Europe at significant expense. Additionally, other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and operating our business. 
 Responding to any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of the hazardous chemicals and radioactive and biological materials we use in our business could be time-consuming and costly. 
 Our research and development processes involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, including chemicals and radioactive and biological materials. Our operations produce hazardous waste products. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge and any resultant injury from those materials. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials. We may be sued for any injury or contamination that results from our or third parties use of these materials. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production activities. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our failure to attract and retain skilled personnel could impair our drug development, commercialization and financial reporting activities. 
 Our business depends on the performance of our senior management and key scientific, commercial and technical personnel. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management or key scientific, technical, commercial or financial reporting staff may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of drug development and other business objectives by diverting management s attention to transition matters and identifying suitable replacements. We also rely on consultants and advisors to assist us in formulating our research and development strategy. All of our consultants and advisors are either self-employed or employed by other organizations, and they may have conflicts of interest or other commitments, such as consulting or advisory contracts with other organizations, that may affect their ability to contribute to us. In addition, if and as our business grows, we will need to recruit additional executive management and scientific, technical and financial reporting personnel. There is intense competition for skilled executives and employees with relevant scientific and technical expertise, and this competition is likely to continue. Our inability to attract and retain sufficient scientific, technical, commercial and managerial personnel could limit or delay our product development or commercialization activities, which would adversely affect the development of our drug candidates and commercialization of our potential drugs and growth of our business. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those of our CROs, CMOs, supply chain partners, collaboration partners or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our third-party CROs, CMOs, supply chain partners, collaboration partners and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical study data from completed or ongoing clinical studies for any of our drug candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our operations could be compromised and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 
 Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is increasingly dependent on complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, databases and programs, to support our business processes as well as internal and external communications. As use of information technology systems has increased, deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks have increased in frequency and sophistication. Our information technology, systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses which may result in the impairment of production and key business processes or loss of data or information. We are also potentially vulnerable to data security breaches whether by employees or others which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. We have in the past and may in the future be subject to security breaches. For example, in February 2018, we discovered that our e-mail server suffered unauthorized intrusions in which proprietary business information was accessed. In addition, in December 2019, one of our employee s email account suffered an unauthorized intrusion, leading to the submission and inadvertent payment of a fraudulent invoice in the amount of approximately one hundred thousand dollars. In December 2019, our IT systems were exposed to a ransomware attack, which partially impaired certain IT systems for a short period of time. Finally, in September 2020, one of our employees email account suffered unauthorized access as result of a phishing incident, but we believe no sensitive information was accessed. Although we do not believe that we have experienced any material losses related to security breaches, including in three recent email phishing incidents or the ransomware attack, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect and any delay in identifying them could increase their harm. While we have implemented measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, such measures may not prevent these events. Any such breaches of security and inappropriate access could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 
 Our facilities in California are located near an earthquake fault, and an earthquake or other types of natural disasters, catastrophic events or resource shortages could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results. 
 All our facilities and our important documents and records, such as hard and electronic copies of our laboratory books and records for our drug candidates and compounds and our electronic business records, are located in our corporate headquarters at a single location in South San Francisco, California near active earthquake zones. If a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, a catastrophic event such as a disease pandemic or terrorist attack, or a localized extended outage of critical utilities or transportation systems occurs, we could experience a significant business interruption. Our partners and other third parties on which we rely may also be subject to business interruptions from such events. In addition, California from time to time has experienced shortages of water, electric power and natural gas. Future shortages and conservation measures could disrupt our operations and cause expense, thus adversely affecting our business and financial results. 
 We expect that our stock price will fluctuate significantly, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above your investment price. 
 The stock market, particularly in recent years, has experienced significant volatility, particularly with respect to pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other life sciences company stocks, which often does not relate to the operating performance of the companies represented by the stock. Factors that could cause volatility in the market price of our common stock include, but are not limited to: 
 announcements concerning any of the clinical trials for our drug candidates (including, but not limited to, the timing of initiation or completion of such trials and the results of such trials, and delays or discontinuations of such trials, including delays resulting from slower than expected or suspended patient enrollment or discontinuations resulting from a failure to meet pre-defined clinical end points); 

announcements concerning our strategic alliances; 

failure or delays in entering additional drug candidates into clinical trials; 

failure or discontinuation of any of our research programs; 

issuance of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

failure or delay in establishing new strategic alliances, or the terms of those alliances; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other healthcare-related sectors; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 

introduction of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

issues in manufacturing, packaging, labeling and distribution of our drug candidates or drugs; 

market acceptance of our drugs; 

third-party healthcare coverage and reimbursement policies; 

FDA or other U.S. or foreign regulatory actions affecting us or our industry; 

litigation or public concern about the safety of our drug candidates or drugs; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

substantial sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders, whether or not related to our performance; 

automated trading activity by algorithmic and high-frequency trading programs; 

volatility in the stock prices of other companies in our industry or in the stock market generally; and 

other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

These and other external factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert our management s time and attention. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 
 If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 In addition, as required by the revenue recognition standard, ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , Revenue from Contracts with Customers , we disclose the aggregate unsatisfied amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligations as of the end of the reporting period. It is possible that analysts and investors could misinterpret our disclosure or that the terms of our research or license agreements or other circumstances could cause our methods for preparing this disclosure to differ significantly from others, which could lead to inaccurate or unfavorable forecasts by analysts and investors. 
 Regardless of accuracy, unfavorable interpretations of our financial information and other public disclosures could have a negative impact on our stock price. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates, for any of the reasons discussed above or otherwise, or one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or change their opinion of our common stock, our stock price would likely decline. 
 We have never paid dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have paid no cash dividends on any of our classes of capital stock to date and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our businesses. In addition, the terms of existing or any future debts may preclude us from paying these dividends. 
 A rating agency may not rate the notes or may assign a rating that is lower than expected. 
 We do not intend to seek to have the 2027 Notes rated by any rating agency. However, if one or more rating agencies rates the notes and assigns a rating that is lower than the rating that investors expect, or reduces their rating in the future, then the trading price of our common stock and the 2027 Notes could significantly decline. 
 In addition, market perceptions of our creditworthiness will directly affect the trading price of our common stock and the 2027 Notes. Accordingly, if a ratings agency rates any of our indebtedness in the future or downgrades or withdraws the rating, or puts us on credit watch, then the trading price of our common stock and the 2027 Notes will likely decline. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 establish a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

establish the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

prohibit removal of directors without cause; 

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

59 

Table of Contents 
 
 authorize our board of directors to alter our bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 

require the approval of at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws or repeal the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

require that a special meeting of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 

provide for advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

We are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under Section 203, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other exceptions, the board of directors has approved the transaction. These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control transaction. They could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our common stock, including transactions that may be in your best interests. These provisions may also prevent changes in our management or limit the price that investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 

we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 

we are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 

we will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification; 

the rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 

we may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Our material facilities consist of 234,892 square feet of leased office and laboratory space at 350 Oyster Point, South San Francisco, California. Our lease over this property expires in 2033. 
 We believe that these facilities are suitable and adequate for our current needs. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOC KHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market information for common stock 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CYTK. On February 27, 2023, the last reported sale price for our common stock was 42.98 per share. We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and have not paid and do not in the foreseeable future anticipate paying any cash dividends. 
 Performance Graph 
 The comparisons in the table below are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. This graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares cumulative total return of our common stock with the cumulative total return of (i) The NASDAQ Composite Index, and (ii) The NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. The graph assumes (a) 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock, the stocks comprising the NASDAQ Composite Index and the stocks comprising the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index, and (b) the reinvestment of dividends into shares of common stock; however, no dividends have been declared on our common stock to date. 

100 investment in stock or index 
 
 12/31/2017 

12/31/2018 

12/31/2019 

12/30/2020 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2022 

Cytokinetics, Inc. 

100.00 

77.55 

130.18 

254.97 

559.26 

562.21 

Nasdaq Composite Index 

100.00 

96.12 

129.97 

186.69 

226.63 

151.61 

Nasdaq Biotechnology Index 

100.00 

90.68 

112.81 

141.78 

140.88 

125.52 

62 

Table of Contents 
 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 27, 2023, we had 47 holders of record of common stock. The number of holders of record is based upon the actual number of holders registered as of such date and does not include holders of shares in street name or persons, partnerships, associates, corporations or other entities in security position listings maintained by depositories. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future, any cash dividends on our capital stock. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 ITEM 6. [ RESERVED] 

63 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS O F FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 
 Overview 
 We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing first-in-class muscle activators and next-in-class muscle inhibitors as potential treatments for debilitating diseases in which muscle performance is compromised and/or declining. We have discovered and are developing muscle-directed investigational medicines that may potentially improve the health span of people with devastating cardiovascular and neuromuscular diseases of impaired muscle function. Our research and development activities relating to the biology of muscle function have evolved from our knowledge and expertise regarding the cytoskeleton, a complex biological infrastructure that plays a fundamental role within every human cell. As a leader in muscle biology and the mechanics of muscle performance, we are developing small molecule drug candidates specifically engineered to impact muscle function and contractility. 
 Our clinical-stage drug candidates are: omecamtiv mecarbil, a novel cardiac myosin activator, CK-136, a novel cardiac troponin activator, reldesemtiv, a novel FSTA and aficamten, a novel cardiac myosin inhibitor. 
 For further information regarding our business, refer to Part I, Item 1 (Business) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We review our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for those goods or services. To recognize revenue from a contract with a customer, we: 
 (i) identify our contracts with our customers; 

(ii) identify our distinct performance obligations in each contract; 

(iii) determine the transaction price of each contract; 

(iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 

(v) recognize revenue as we satisfy our performance obligations. 

At contract inception, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct and determine those that are performance obligations. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 Collaborative Arrangements 
 We enter into collaborative arrangements with partners that typically include payment to us for one of more of the following: (i) license fees; (ii) milestone payments related to the achievement of developmental, regulatory, or commercial goals; and (iii) royalties on net sales of licensed products and (iv) research and development cost reimbursement. Each of these payments results in collaboration or other revenues. Where a portion of non-refundable up-front fees or other payments received are allocated to continuing performance obligations under the terms of a collaborative arrangement, they are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue when (or as) the underlying performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 
 As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgment to determine the underlying stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation which determines how the transaction price is allocated among the performance obligation. The stand-alone selling price may include such items as, forecasted revenues, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success, to determine the transaction price to allocate to each performance obligation. 
 For our collaboration agreements that include more than one performance obligation, such as a license and/or milestones combined with a commitment to perform research and development services, we make judgments to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue. We evaluate our progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of a performance obligation and related revenue recognition. 
 License Fees : If a license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable, up-front license fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. 
 Milestone Payments : We use judgement to determine whether a milestone is considered probable of being reached. Using the most likely amount method, we include the value of a milestone payment in the consideration for a contract at inception if we then conclude achieving the milestone is more likely than not. Otherwise, we exclude the value of a milestone payment from contract consideration at inception and recognize revenue for a milestone at a later date, when we judge that it is more likely than not that the milestone will be achieved. If we conclude it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone is included in the transaction price. We then allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, for which we recognize revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of such milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect license, collaboration and other revenues and earnings in the period of adjustment. 
 Royalties : For contracts that include sales-based royalties, we recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied. To date, we have not recognized any royalty revenues resulting from contracts. 
 Research and Development Cost Reimbursements : Our joint programs with Astellas under the Astellas OSSA Agreement, and with Amgen under the Amgen Agreement (both of the Astellas OSSA Agreement and the Amgen Agreement having now been terminated), included promises of research and development services. We also entered into the Astellas FSRA Agreement on April 23, 2020. Under the Astellas FSRA Agreement, Astellas agreed to pay one-third of the out-of-pocket clinical development costs which may be incurred in connection with our Phase 3 clinical trial of reldesemtiv in ALS, up to a maximum contribution by Astellas of 12.0 million. We determined that these services collectively were distinct from any licenses provided to Astellas and Amgen under such agreements, and as such, these services were accounted for as a separate performance obligation recorded over time. We recognized revenue for these services as the performance obligations are satisfied, which we estimated using internal research and development costs incurred. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenditures 
 Clinical trial costs are a component of research and development expense. We accrue and expense clinical trial activities performed by third parties based upon actual work completed in accordance with agreements established with clinical research and manufacturing organizations and clinical sites. We determine the actual costs through monitoring patient enrollment, discussions with internal personnel and external service providers regarding the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 
 Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreements 
 We have entered into certain revenue participation right purchase agreements for omecamtiv mecarbil and aficamten with affiliates of Royalty Pharma, pursuant to which such affiliates purchased rights to royalties from certain revenue streams in exchange for consideration. We typically account for such agreements as debt to be amortized under the effective interest rate method over the life of the related royalty stream, when we have continuing involvement with the underlying R D. We typically account for such agreements as deferred income to be amortized under the units-of-revenue method, when there is no continuing involvement with the underlying R D. 
 Revenue participation right purchase agreements are recognized using significant unobservable inputs, such as probability of success of regulatory approval and estimated timing for regulatory approval. These inputs are derived using internal management estimates developed based on third party data and reflect management s judgements, current market conditions surrounding competing products, and forecasts. We will periodically assess the amount and timing of expected royalty payments and account for any changes in such estimates on a prospective basis. 
 Results of Operations 
 A discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2021 Annual Report. 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues since inception were primarily from our strategic alliances. We have not generated any revenue from commercial product sales to date. 
 Revenues in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022-2021 

2021-2020 

(In millions) 

Research and development revenues 

6.6 

10.6 

16.5 

(4.0) 

(5.9) 

License revenues 

54.9 

36.5 

(54.9) 

18.4 

Milestone revenues 

1.0 

5.0 

2.8 

(4.0) 

2.2 

Realization of revenue participation right purchase agreement 

87.0 

87.0 

Total revenues 

94.6 

70.5 

55.8 

24.1 

14.6 

Research and development revenues in 2022 were primarily from Astellas for reimbursements under the Astellas FSRA Agreement and in 2021 were from Astellas and Amgen, under collaboration agreements we had in place with each. 
 Co-funding under the Astellas FSRA Agreement for the conduct of COURAGE-ALS will continue until the 12.0 million cap is reached. As of December 31, 2022, we are eligible to receive an additional 2.7 million in reimbursements from Astellas for COURAGE-ALS. 
 In 2022, we recognized milestone revenues under the Research Collaboration Agreement, dated August 24, 2012, between us and MyoKardia, Inc. In 2021, we recognized a 5.0 million in milestone revenue from Ji Xing under the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement for having achieved initiation of a phase 3 clinical trial for aficamten in oHCM. 
 In 2022, we recognized revenues of 87.0 million related to the 2020 RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement. In July 2020, we sold our right to receive Mavacamten Royalty , under the Research Collaboration Agreement, dated August 24, 2012, between us and MyoKardia, Inc. The RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement transaction closed on November 13, 2020. On March 31, 2021, RTW Royalty Holdings assigned its rights and obligations under the RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement to its affiliate, RTW ICAV. We understand that on April 18, 2022, RTW ICAV and MyoKardia, Inc. entered into agreements, which purported to assign all of RTW ICAV's rights, title and interest to the Mavacamten Royalty to MyoKardia, Inc., and on April 25, 2022, we entered into a tripartite agreement with RTW ICAV and MyoKardia, Inc. acknowledging the release and discharge of any further obligations by us or MyoKardia, Inc. in connection to the Mavacamten Royalty. As a result of the full extinguishment of the Mavacamten Royalty, we recognized revenue of 87.0 million . 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 
 License revenues for 2021 were the result of the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, pursuant to which we granted to Ji Xing an exclusive license to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. License revenue was 54.9 million and consisted of the residual allocation of consideration from the 2021 RTW Transactions. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 We incur research and development expenses associated with both partnered and our own research activities. 
 Research and development expenses related to any development we elect to fund consist primarily of employee compensation, supplies and materials, costs for consultants and contract research and manufacturing, facilities costs and depreciation of equipment. 
 Research and development expenses by program for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022-2021 

2021-2020 

(In millions) 

Cardiac muscle contractility 

125.6 

102.5 

53.0 

23.1 

49.5 

Skeletal muscle contractility 

67.1 

27.9 

17.1 

39.2 

10.8 

All other research programs 

48.1 

29.5 

26.9 

18.6 

2.6 

Total research and development expenses 

240.8 

159.9 

97.0 

80.9 

62.9 

Research and development expenses increased to 240.8 million in 2022 from 159.9 million in 2021, primarily due to higher expenses for our clinical development activities for COURAGE-ALS, for our cardiac muscle inhibitor programs, and for early research activities. 
 
 We continue to develop reldesemtiv to treat ALS. 
 
 We continue to develop aficamten to treat both oHCM and nHCM. 
 On February 28, 2023, we received a CRL from FDA in connection with our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil for the treatment of HFrEF. With the CRL, FDA communicated that GALACTIC-HF is not sufficiently persuasive to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for reducing the risk of heart failure events and cardiovascular death in adults with chronic heart failure with HFrEF, in lieu of evidence from at least two adequate and well-controlled clinical investigations. FDA stated that results from an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil are required to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness for the treatment of HFrEF, with benefits that outweigh the risks. We expect to request a meeting with FDA in order to understand FDA s views regarding the CRL and what may be required to support potential approval of omecamtiv mecarbil. However, the Company has no plans to conduct an additional clinical trial of omecamtiv mecarbil and its focus remains on the development program for aficamten. 
 Under our strategic alliances with Ji Xing, Ji Xing is responsible for the development of aficamten and omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. 
 Clinical development timelines, the likelihood of success and total completion costs vary significantly for each drug candidate and are difficult to estimate. We anticipate that we will determine on an ongoing basis which research and development programs to pursue and how much funding to direct to each program, taking into account the potential scientific and clinical success of each drug candidate. The lengthy process of seeking regulatory approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable regulations requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain and maintain, or any delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could cause our research and development expenditures to increase and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation for employees in executive and administrative functions, including, but not limited to, finance, human resources, legal, business and commercial development and strategic planning. Other significant costs include facilities costs, consulting costs and professional fees for accounting and legal services, including legal services associated with obtaining and maintaining patents and regulatory compliance. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 
 General and administrative expenses for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022-2021 

2021-2020 

(In millions) 

Total general and administrative expenses 

178.0 

96.8 

52.8 

81.2 

44.0 

General and administrative expenses increased to 178.0 million in 2022 from 96.8 million in 2021, primarily due to higher outside service spend in anticipation of the potential commercial launch of omecamtiv mecarbil and an increase in personnel related costs including stock-based compensation recorded in 2022. 
 We expect that general and administrative expenses will fluctuate in the future, depending in part on the timing of and investments in commercial readiness. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022-2021 

2021-2020 

(In millions) 

Term loan 

4.8 

4.8 

4.9 

(0.1) 

2026 Notes 

3.6 

11.5 

10.8 

(7.9) 

0.7 

2027 Notes 

10.7 

10.7 

Warrants 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Other 

0.3 

0.1 

0.1 

0.2 

Total interest expense 

19.4 

16.4 

16.0 

3.0 

0.4 

Interest expense in 2022 consists of interest expense related to the RP Loan Agreement between us and RPDF, interest expense related to the 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes, and interest expense related to the finance leases. Commensurate with our entry into the RP Loan Agreement, we terminated the Term Loan Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance LLC and repaid all amounts outstanding thereunder in January 2022. The RP Loan Agreement effectively replaced the Term Loan Agreement, and the interest expense is reflected as such above. In July 2022, we issued the 2027 Notes and used the net proceeds and common stock to partially repurchase the 2026 Notes. 
 Interest expense in 2021 consists of interest expense related to the Term Loan Agreement and respective warrants by and among us, Oxford and Silicon Valley Bank and interest expense related to the 2026 Notes. Approximately half of the 2026 Notes interest expense is due to the amortization of the discount associated with the equity component of the 2026 Notes. 
 Loss on Settlement of Debt 
 As a result of the termination of the Term Loan Agreement and the repayment to the Lenders, in 2022, we recorded a loss of 2.7 million in loss on debt extinguishment in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consisting of the premium on debt repayments and the write-off of the remaining term loan fees and debt issuance costs. 
 As a result of the partial repurchase of the 2026 Notes in the third quarter of 2022, we recorded 22.2 million in loss on induced conversion, consisting of the difference between the consideration paid to the holders pursuant to the exchange agreements and the if-converted value of the 2026 Notes under the original terms. 
 Non-cash interest expense on liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements 
 Non-cash interest expense results from the accretion of our liabilities to RPFT and RP ICAV related to the sale of future royalties under the RP OM RPA and the RP Aficamten RPA, respectively. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 
 On January 7, 2022, we entered into the RP Aficamten RPA with RPI ICAV. Pursuant to the RP Aficamten RPA, RPI ICAV purchased the right to receive a percentage of net sales equal to 4.5 for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten up to 1 billion and 3.5 for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten in excess of 1 billion, subject to reduction in certain circumstances (the RP Aficamten Liability ). The carrying amount of the RP Aficamten Liability is based on our estimate of the future royalties to be paid to RPI ICAV over the life of the arrangement as discounted using an imputed rate of interest. The imputed rate of interest on the unamortized portion of the RP Aficamten Liability was approximately 22.4 as of December 31, 2022. 
 During the third and fourth quarter of 2022, we updated our analyses of the RP Aficamten RPA to reflect our current assumptions resulting from ongoing global market research and to reflect other adjustments in connection with our anticipated commercialization. Our estimates regarding the amount of future royalty payments under the RP Aficamten RPA increased due to changes in management s estimates of unobservable inputs related to market conditions and timing. The adjustment is accounted for on a prospective basis in our liability calculation and resulted in changes in our imputed interest rate from 11.7 in the second quarter of 2022 to 22.4 in the fourth quarter of 2022. We recognized 15.5 million of non-cash interest expense in 2022 related to the RP Aficamten RPA. In 2022, the change in estimate had no impact on revenue and increased the net loss by 5.3 million. The change in accounting estimate increased the net loss per share by 0.06 in 2022. 
 During the third and fourth quarter of 2022, we updated our analyses of the RP OM RPA to reflect our current assumptions resulting from ongoing global market research and to reflect other adjustments in connection with our anticipated commercialization, including the result of FDA Cardiovascular and Renal Drugs Advisory Committee in December 2022 that voted the benefits of omecamtiv mecarbil do not outweigh its risks for the treatment of HFrEF. Our estimates regarding the amount of future royalty payments under the RP OM RPA decreased year over year; however, the royalty rate and probability of success increased from 2021 to 2022. The adjustments are accounted for on a prospective basis in our liability calculation and resulted in changes in our imputed interest rate and non-cash interest expense from 10.0 and 12.9 million in 2021 to 8.5 and 16.2 million in 2022, respectively. In 2022, the change in estimate had no impact on revenue and reduced the net loss by 1.8 million. The change in accounting estimate reduced the net loss per share by 0.02 in 2022. 
 As a result of our receipt of a CRL in connection to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil, our estimates regarding the amount of future royalty payments under the RP OM RPA will be re-evaluated in the first quarter of 2023 and will be accounted for on a prospective basis in our liability calculation. As a consequence of our receipt of the CRL from FDA, any approval of omecamtiv mecarbil in the United States would likely only occur after June 30, 2023, the date at which the royalty rate under the RP OM RPA will increase to no more than 5.5 . and the resulting forecast will decrease due to push out of the potential commercialization date. 
 We review our assumptions on a regular basis and our estimates may change in the future as we refine and reassess our assumptions. 
 Non-cash interest expense on liability related to the RP OM RPA and the RP Aficamten RPA for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022-2021 

2021-2020 

(In millions) 

RP OM Liability 

16.2 

12.9 

22.7 

3.3 

(9.8) 

RP Aficamten Liability 

15.5 

15.5 

Total non-cash interest expense recognized 

31.7 

12.9 

22.7 

18.8 

(9.8) 

Interest and Other Income, net 
 Interest and other income, net for 2022, 2021, and 2020 consisted primarily of interest income generated from our cash, cash equivalents and investments. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments and a summary of our borrowings and working capital is summarized as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(In millions) 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

65.6 

112.7 

Short-term investments 

717.0 

359.0 

Long-term investments 

46.7 

152.1 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 

829.3 

623.8 

Borrowings: 

Term loan, net 

63.8 

47.4 

2026 Notes, net 

20.7 

95.5 

2027 Notes, net 

525.1 

Total borrowings 

609.6 

142.9 

Working capital: 

Current assets 

795.2 

535.7 

Current liabilities 

84.6 

71.9 

Working capital 

710.6 

463.8 

The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods set forth below: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(299.5) 

(142.5) 

8.9 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(262.1) 

(147.8) 

(196.5) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

516.2 

320.0 

234.1 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash equivalents 

(45.4) 

29.7 

46.5 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 We have funded our operations and capital expenditures with proceeds primarily from private and public sales of our equity securities, a royalty monetization agreement, strategic alliances, long-term debt, other financings and interest on investments. We have generated significant operating losses since our inception. Our expenditures are primarily related to research and development activities. 
 Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 299.5 million and 142.5 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, was largely due to ongoing research and development activities and general and administrative expenses to support those activities. In 2022, the net cash used in operating activities was offset by collection of receivables primarily from our 2021 RTW Transactions. In 2021, the net cash used in operating activities was also preliminary due to operating lease liability related to the old and new facilities. Net loss for 2022 and 2021 included, among other items: non-cash stock-based compensation, non-cash interest expense on liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements, and non-cash interest expense related to debt. Net loss for 2022 also included loss on settlement of debt. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 262.1 million and 147.8 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, was primarily due to purchases of investments and property and equipment offset by proceeds from maturity of investments. 
 Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 516.2 million in 2022 was primarily due to 540.0 million of proceeds related to 2027 Notes, the proceeds related to the RP Aficamten RPA and the RP Loan Agreement, offset by the repayment of amounts owed under our Term Loan Agreement and 2026 Notes, and stock-based activities. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 320.0 million in 2021 was primarily due to 296.9 million of proceeds related to issuance of common stock in an underwritten public offering and stock-based activities. 
 2022 Royalty Pharma Transactions 
 On January 7, 2022, we announced that we had entered into that certain RP Loan Agreement and the RP Aficamten RPA with RPDF and RPI ICAV respectively, each of which were at the time of our entry into such agreements affiliated with Royalty Pharma International plc. 
 Under the RP Loan Agreement, we are entitled to receive up to 300.0 million in term loans, 50.0 million of which was disbursed to us on closing and the remaining 250.0 million available to us upon our satisfaction of customary disbursement conditions and certain development conditions by specific deadlines, as follows: 
 50.0 million of tranche 2 term loans during the one year period following the receipt on or prior to March 31, 2023 of marketing approval from FDA of omecamtiv mecarbil; 

25.0 million of tranche 3 term loans during the one year period following the commercial availability of a diagnostic test measuring levels of omecamtiv mecarbil to support the final FDA label language applicable to such drug, subject to such commercial availability and the conditions to the tranche 2 term loans having occurred on or prior to March 31, 2023; 

75.0 million of tranche 4 term loans during the one year period following the receipt on or prior to September 30, 2024 of positive results from SEQUOIA-HCM, the Phase 3 trial for aficamten; and 

100.0 million of tranche 5 term loans during the one year period following the acceptance by the FDA on or prior to March 31, 2025 of an NDA for aficamten, subject to the conditions to the tranche 4 term loans having occurred on or prior to September 30, 2024. 

As a result of our receipt of a CRL in connection to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil, we do not expect to satisfy the conditions to the availability of the tranche 2 and tranche 3 loans under the RP Loan Agreement. 
 Each term loan under the RP Loan Agreement matures on the 10 year anniversary of the funding date for such term loan and is repayable in quarterly installments of principal, interest and fees commencing on the last business day of the seventh full calendar quarter following the calendar quarter of the applicable funding date for such term loan, with the aggregate amount payable in respect of each term loan (including interest and other applicable fees) equal to 190 of the principal amount of the tranche 1, tranche 4 and tranche 5 term loans and 200 of the principal amount of the tranche 2 and tranche 3 loans (such amount with respect to each term loan, Final Payment Amount ). 
 We may prepay the term loans in full (but not in part) at any time at our option by paying an amount equal to the unpaid portion of Final Payment Amount for the outstanding term loans under the RP Loan Agreement; provided that if the conditions for either the tranche 4 term loans or the tranche 5 term loans have been met, we must have borrowed at least 50 million principal amount of the tranche 4 or 5 term loans. In addition, the term loans under the RP Loan Agreement are repayable in full at the option of either us or the lender in an amount equal to the unpaid portion of Final Payment Amount for the outstanding term loans upon a change of control of Cytokinetics. 
 In addition, on January 7, 2022, we entered into the RP Aficamten RPA with RPI ICAV, pursuant to which RPI ICAV purchased rights to certain revenue streams from net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten by us, our affiliates and our licensees in exchange for up to 150.0 million in consideration, 50.0 million of which was paid on the closing date, 50.0 million of which was paid to us on March 10, 2022 following the initiation of the first pivotal trial in oHCM for aficamten, and 50.0 million of which is payable following the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial in nHCM for aficamten. The RP Aficamten ARPA also provides that the parties will negotiate terms for additional funding if we achieve proof of concept results in certain other indications for aficamten, with a reduction in the applicable royalty if we and RPI ICAV fail to agree on such terms in certain circumstances. 
 Pursuant to the RP Aficamten RPA, RPI ICAV purchased the right to receive a percentage of net sales equal to 4.5 for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten up to 1 billion and 3.5 for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten in excess of 1 billion, subject to reduction in certain circumstances. 
 Commensurate with our entry into the RP Loan Agreement and the RP Aficamten RPA, we terminated the Term Loan Agreement with the Lenders and repaid all amounts outstanding thereunder. 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 
 On November 13, 2019, we issued 138.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes. On July 6, 2022, we issued 540.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes and used approximately 140.3 million of the net proceeds from the offering of 2027 Notes and issued 8,071,343 shares of common stock to repurchase approximately 116.9 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes pursuant to privately negotiated exchange agreements entered into with certain holders of the 2026 Notes concurrently with the pricing of the offering of the 2027 Notes. As a result of the partial repurchase of the 2026 Notes, we recorded an inducement loss of 22.2 million, consisting of the difference between the consideration to the holders pursuant to the exchange agreements and the if-converted value of the 2026 Notes under the original terms. As of December 31, 2022, there remains 21.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding and 540.0 million of aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes outstanding. 
 2021 Ji Xing and RTW Transactions 
 On December 20, 2021, we entered into the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, pursuant to which we granted to Ji Xing an exclusive license to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. Under the terms of the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, we received a 50.0 million nonrefundable payment from Ji Xing comprised of a 40.0 million payment as consideration for the rights granted by us to Ji Xing and 10.0 million attributable to our having submitted to FDA an NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. We may be eligible to receive from Ji Xing additional payments totaling up to 330.0 million for the achievement of certain commercial milestone events in China in connection to omecamtiv mecarbil. In addition, Ji Xing will pay us tiered royalties in the mid-teens to the low twenties range on the net sales of pharmaceutical products containing omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan, subject to certain reductions for generic competition, patent expiration and payments for licenses to third party patents. The Ji Xing OM License Agreement, unless terminated earlier, will continue on a market-by-market basis until expiration of the relevant royalty term. 
 In addition to the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, we entered into common stock purchase agreements with each of the RTW Investors, pursuant to which we sold and issued an aggregate of 0.5 million shares of our common stock at a price per share of 39.125 and an aggregate purchase price of 20.0 million. 
 Future Uses of Cash 
 In future periods, we expect to incur substantial costs as we continue to expand our research programs and related research and development activities. We expect to incur significant research and development expenses as we advance the research and development of compounds from our other muscle biology programs through research to candidate selection to clinical development, and we plan to file one to two investigational new drug applications in 2023. We may also incur significant sales and marketing expenses in anticipation of regulatory approval of one of our drug candidates. 
 Our future capital uses and requirements depend on numerous factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, scope and completion of preclinical research, non-clinical development, CMC, and clinical trials for our drug candidates and other compounds; 

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; 

the jurisdictions in which we are granted regulatory approvals and thus are able to successfully launch our products for commercial sale; 

delays that may be caused by requirements of regulatory agencies; 

our level of funding for the development of current or future drug candidates; 

the number of drug candidates we pursue and the stage of development that they are in; 

the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing or defending patent claims; 

our ability to establish and maintain selected strategic alliances required for the development of drug candidates and commercialization of our potential drugs; 

our plans or ability to expand our drug development capabilities, including our capabilities to conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates; 

our plans or ability to engage third-party manufacturers for our drug candidates and potential drugs; 

our plans or ability to build or access sales and marketing capabilities and to achieve market acceptance for potential drugs; 

the expansion and advancement of our research programs; 

the hiring of additional employees and consultants; 

72 

Table of Contents 
 
 the acquisition of technologies, products and other business opportunities that require financial commitments; 

our revenues, if any, from successful development of our drug candidates and commercialization of potential drugs; and 

the cost of additional construction to expand our headquarters in South San Francisco and in relation to our newly leased office facilities in Radnor, Pennsylvania; 

We have incurred an accumulated deficit of approximately 1.6 billion since inception and there can be no assurance that we will attain profitability. We are subject to risks common to clinical-stage companies including, but not limited to, development of new drug candidates, dependence on key personnel, and the ability to obtain additional capital as needed to fund our future plans. Our liquidity will be impaired if sufficient additional capital is not available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Until we achieve profitable operations, we intend to continue to fund operations through payments from strategic collaborations, additional sales of equity securities, grants and other financings. We have never generated revenues from commercial sales of our drugs and may not have drugs to market for at least several years, if ever. Therefore, our success is dependent on our ability to obtain additional capital by entering into new strategic collaborations and/or through financings, and ultimately on our and our collaborators ability to successfully develop and market one or more of our drug candidates. We cannot be certain that sufficient funds will be available from such collaborators or financings when needed or on satisfactory terms. Additionally, there can be no assurance that any of our drug candidates will be accepted in the marketplace or that any future products can be developed or manufactured at an acceptable cost. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results, financial position and cash flows. 
 Based on the current status of our development plans, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, investments and interest earned on investments will be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. If, at any time, our prospects for internally financing our research and development programs decline, we may decide to reduce research and development expenses by delaying, discontinuing or reducing our funding of development of one or more of our drug candidates or of other research and development programs. Alternatively, we might raise funds through strategic relationships, public or private financings or other arrangements. There can be no assurance that funding, if needed, will be available on attractive terms, or at all, or in accordance with our planned timelines. Furthermore, financing obtained through future strategic relationships may require us to forego certain commercialization and other rights to our drug candidates. Similarly, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 
 Segment Information 
 We have one primary business activity and operate in one reportable segment. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 The information required by this item is included in Item 8, Note 1, Organization and Accounting Policies, in our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include risk related to interest rate sensitivities. 
 Market Risk and Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and investments of 829.3 million, which consist of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. and non-U.S. government agency bonds, commercial paper, global portfolio of corporate debt, money market fund, and repurchase agreements backed by U.S. Treasury securities. To reduce the volatility relating to these exposures, we have put investment and risk management policies and procedures in place. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital to fund our operations. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Our investments are subject to interest rate risk and could fall in value if market interest rates increase. We have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A 10 increase or decrease increase or decrease in current interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 
 We had 21.1 million under 2026 Notes with a fixed rate of 4.00 and 540.0 million under 2027 Notes with a fixed rate of 3.50 outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The convertible notes issued at fixed interest rates are exposed to fluctuations in fair value resulting from changes in market price and interest rates. We do not record our convertible debt at fair value but present the fair value for disclosure purposes (see Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes was estimated at 94.8 million and 620.3 million using quoted market prices. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The majority of our transactions occur in U.S. dollars. However, we do have certain transactions that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily Euro and GBP and we, therefore, are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. The fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies affects the reported amounts of expenses, assets and liabilities primarily associated with a limited number of operating activities. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. A 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 8. 	FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 76 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 78 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 79 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 
 80 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 81 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 82 

75 

Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cytokinetics, Incorporated (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

76 

Table of Contents 

Estimates Related to Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreements 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements, net were 300.5 million. The Company recognized non-cash interest expense on the liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements of 31.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has entered into agreements with counterparties to monetize certain revenue streams from net sales of pharmaceutical products commercially sold by the Company, its affiliates and licensees. Cash is received upon execution of such revenue participation right purchase agreements, which are then accounted for as either a liability if the Company has significant continuing involvement in the related royalty stream or as deferred revenue if there is no significant continuing involvement. Regardless of whether there is significant continuing involvement, the Company is required to estimate the amount and timing of future royalty payments to be paid to the counterparties of the revenue participation right purchase agreements. The Company periodically assesses the amount and timing of expected royalty payments using a combination of internal projections and forecasts from external sources. There are a number of factors that could materially affect the amount and timing of royalty payments, several of which are not within the Company s control and management s estimates of the amount and timing of royalty payments to be received or paid require the use of significant unobservable inputs. These inputs are derived using internal management estimates developed based on third party data and reflect management s judgements, current market conditions surrounding competing products, and forecasts. The significant unobservable inputs can include, to the extent applicable, estimates of patient populations, selling price, peak sales and sales ramp, the expected term of the related royalty streams, the timing of expected product launch and its impact on royalty rates, as well as the overall probability of clinical success and regulatory approval. A significant change in unobservable inputs could result in a material increase or decrease to the amount and timing of future cash flows Auditing management s estimates of future royalty payments was especially challenging due to the significant judgment used by management in estimating the amount and timing of such payments, which required the use of subjective inputs. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s processes for estimating the amount and timing of future royalty payments. O ur audit procedures included, among others, testing management s process for estimating the amount and timing of future royalty payments and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management when developing the estimate of expected future royalties to be paid, including estimates of patient populations, selling price, peak sales and sales ramp, the expected term of the related royalty streams, the timing of expected product launch and its impact on royalty rates, as well as the overall probability of clinical success and regulatory approval. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions included, among others, consideration of (i) relevant industry forecasts, (ii) consistency with external market research and industry data, and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 March 1, 2023 

77 

Table of Contents 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term investments 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Term loan, net 

Convertible notes, net 

Liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements, net 

Long-term deferred revenue 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Preferred stock, par value: 

Authorized: shares; Issued and outstanding: 

Common stock, par value: 

Authorized: shares 

Issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders (deficit) equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPER ATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Research and development revenues 

License revenues 

Milestone revenues 

Realization of revenue participation right purchase agreement 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on settlement of debt 

() 

Non-cash interest expense on liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreements 

() 

() 

() 

Interest and other income, net 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share basic and diluted 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ST OCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except shares) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(loss) Income 

Deficit 

(Deficit) Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Exercise of warrants 

Claims settlement under Section 16(b) 

Underwritten public offering of common stock, net of discounts, commissions and offering cost 

Issuance of common stock upon private placement 

Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Vesting of restricted stock units, net of taxes withheld 

() 

() 

Issuance of warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units, net of taxes withheld 

() 

() 

Net share settlement 

() 

() 

Underwritten public offering of common stock, net of discounts, commissions and offering cost 

Issuance of common stock upon private placement 

Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

ASU 2020-06 adoption 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock under restricted stock units 

Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Induced conversion of convertible notes 

() 

() 

Exercise of warrants 

Settlement of capped call on 2026 Notes 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Non-cash interest expense on liabilities related to revenue participation right purchase agreement 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Impairment of right-of-use assets 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Loss (gain) on investment, net 

() 

Interest receivable and amortization on investments 

() 

() 

Non-cash interest expense related to debt 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on inducement of convertible debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Maturities of investments 

Sales of investments 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of finance lease liabilities 

() 

Repayment of term loan 

() 

Debt extinguishment costs 

() 

Repayment of convertible debt 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt, net 

Proceeds from public offerings of common stock, net of discounts, commissions and offering cost 

Proceeds from private placement, net 

Proceeds from 2022 RPI Transactions, net 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under equity incentive and stock purchase plans 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Claims settlement under Section 16(b) 

Cash settlement of capped call options associated with 2026 Notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash equivalents 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets recognized in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Right-of-use assets recognized in exchange for finance lease obligations 

Amounts unpaid for purchases of property and equipment 

Issuance of common stock in connection with repurchase of convertible note 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 billion since inception and there can be no assurance that we will attain profitability. We had a net loss of million and net cash used in operations of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased to million as of December 31, 2022 from million as of December 31, 2021. We anticipate that we will have operating losses and net cash outflows in future periods. We are subject to risks common to late-stage biopharmaceutical companies including, but not limited to, development of new drug candidates, dependence on key personnel, and the ability to obtain additional capital as needed to fund our future plans. Our liquidity will be impaired if sufficient additional capital is not available on terms acceptable to us. To date, we have funded operations primarily through sales of our common stock, contract payments under our collaboration agreements, sales of future revenues and royalties, debt financing arrangements, government grants and interest income. Until we achieve profitable operations, we intend to continue to fund operations through payments from strategic collaborations, additional sales of equity securities, grants and debt financings. We have never generated revenues from commercial sales of our drugs and may not have drugs to market for at least several years, if ever. Our success is dependent on our ability to enter into new strategic collaborations and/or raise additional capital and to successfully develop and market one or more of our drug candidates. We cannot be certain that sufficient funds will be available from such a financing or through a collaborator when required or on satisfactory terms. Additionally, there can be no assurance that our drug candidates will be accepted in the marketplace or that any future products can be developed or manufactured at an acceptable cost. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results, financial position and cash flows. Based on the current status of our research and development activities, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to fund cash requirements for at least the next months after the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. If, at any time, our prospects for financing our research and development programs decline, we may decide to reduce research and development expenses by delaying, discontinuing or reducing our funding of one or more of our research or development programs. Alternatively, we might raise funds through strategic collaborations, public or private financings or other arrangements. Such funding, if needed, may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty . 

Our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents, and investments held with large financial institutions in the United States and deposits may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s insurance limit. Our exposure to credit risk associated with non-payment includes, but is not limited to, Astellas Pharma Inc. for co-funding one-third of the out-of-pocket clinical development costs which may be incurred in connection with Cytokinetics Phase 3 clinical trial, COURAGE-ALS, of reldesemtiv in ALS up to a maximum contribution by Astellas of million, to our strategic partner in China and Taiwan, Ji Xing , and RPI ICAV, to whom we sold a revenue interest in our net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten under the RP Aficamten RPA, as further described in Note 11 below. Drug candidates we develop may require approvals or clearances from the FDA or other regulatory agencies prior to commercial sales. There can be no assurance that our drug candidates will receive any of the required approvals or clearances. If we were to be denied approval, or clearance or any such approval or clearance was to be delayed, it would have a material adverse impact on us. 
 of their value and are reported at a carrying value which approximates fair value due to their short duration. 

Restricted cash equivalents 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash equivalents as reported within our consolidated statement of cash flows 

As of December 31, 2022 , our restricted cash equivalents balance of million is used to collateralize the letters of credit associated with our fixed and variable rate vehicle allowance and short-term car rental programs. The restricted cash equivalents are classified as other assets based on the remaining term of the underlying restriction. The letters of credit will lapse at the end of the respective contractual terms or upon termination of the arrangement. 
 
 for computer equipment and software, for laboratory equipment and office equipment, and for furniture and fixtures. Amortization of leasehold improvements and finance lease right-of-use assets are computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the related assets, typically ranging from three to . Upon sale or retirement of assets, the costs and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. 

(ii) identify our distinct performance obligations in each contract; 

 (iii) determine the transaction price of each contract; 

 (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 

 (v) recognize revenue as we satisfy our performance obligations. 

 At contract inception, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct and determine those that are performance obligations. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. Collaborative Arrangements We enter into collaborative arrangements with partners that typically include payment to us for one of more of the following: (i) license fees; (ii) milestone payments related to the achievement of developmental, regulatory, or commercial goals; (iii) royalties on net sales of licensed products; and (iv) research and development cost reimbursements. Each of these payments results in collaboration or other revenues. Where a portion of non-refundable up-front fees or other payments received are allocated to continuing performance obligations under the terms of a collaborative arrangement, they are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue when (or as) the underlying performance obligation is satisfied. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgment to determine the underlying stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation which determines how the transaction price is allocated among the performance obligations. The stand-alone selling price may include such items as, forecasted revenues, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success, to determine the transaction price to allocate to each performance obligation. For our collaboration agreements that include more than performance obligation, such as a license and/or milestones combined with a commitment to perform research and development services, we make judgments to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue. We evaluate our progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of a performance obligation and related revenue recognition. License Fees : If a license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable, up-front license fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. Milestone Payments : We use judgment to determine whether a milestone is considered probable of being reached. Using the most likely amount method, we include the value of a milestone payment in the consideration for a contract at inception if we then conclude achieving the milestone is more likely than not. Otherwise, we exclude the value of a milestone payment from contract consideration at inception and recognize revenue for a milestone at a later date, when we judge that it is probable the milestone will be achieved. If we conclude it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone is included in the transaction price. We then allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, for which we recognize revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of such milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect license, collaboration and other revenues and earnings in the period of adjustment. Royalties : For contracts that include sales-based royalties, we recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied. To date, we have not recognized any royalty revenues resulting from contracts. Research and Development Cost Reimbursements : Our joint programs with Astellas under the Astellas OSSA Agreement, and with Amgen under the Amgen Agreement (both of the Astellas OSSA Agreement and the Amgen Agreement having now been terminated), included promises of research and development services. We also entered into the Astellas FSRA Agreement on April 23, 2020. Under the Astellas FSRA Agreement, As tellas agreed to pay one-third of the out-of-pocket clinical development costs which may be incurred in connection with the Company s Phase 3 clinical trial of reldesemtiv in ALS, up to a maximum contribution by Astellas of million. We determined that these services collectively were distinct from any licenses provided to Astellas and Amgen under such agreements, and as such, these services were accounted for as a separate performance obligation recorded over time. We recognized revenue for these services as the performance obligations are satisfied, which we estimated using internal research and development costs incurred. 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

The adoption of this new guidance resulted in an increase in the carrying value of the 2026 Notes to reflect the full principal amount of the convertible notes outstanding, net of issuance costs, a decrease in additional paid-in capital to remove the equity component separately recorded for the conversion feature associated with the convertible notes, a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of our accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2022 to reverse the accretion of discount that resulted from the bifurcation of the equity component of the 2026 Notes, and a reversal of the related deferred tax liability of million with a corresponding increase in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance. The adoption of this new guidance reduced non-cash interest expense for the year ending December 31, 2022 and will continue to do so until the 2026 Notes have been settled. The remaining debt issuance costs will continue to be amortized over the term of the notes. We have recognized million of interest expense of the 2026 Notes in 2022 which is million less than under the previous accounting standards in 2022. Without the of ASU 2020-06, our reported net loss would have increased by million in 2022. Without the adoption of ASU 2020-06, our reported net loss per share would have increased by per share in 2022. On July 6, 2022, the Company issued the 2027 Notes and partially repurchased the 2026 Notes as further described in Note 7 Debt. ASU 2020-06 was applied to the 2027 Notes from the moment of issuance, and thus the above adjustments apply only to the 2026 Notes. 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Restricted stock and performance units 

Shares issuable related to the ESPP 

Shares issuable upon conversion of 2026 Notes 

Shares issuable upon conversion of 2027 Notes 

Total shares 

Common stock (fair value) 

Total consideration 

Ji Xing Omecamtiv Mecarbil License and Collaboration Agreement On December 20, 2021, we entered into the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, pursuant to which we granted to Ji Xing an exclusive license to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. Under the terms of the Ji Xing OM License Agreement, we are the beneficiary of a nonrefundable million payment obligation from Ji Xing comprised of a million payment as consideration for the rights granted by us to Ji Xing and million attributable to our having submitted to the FDA an NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil. The million payment was received by the Company in January 2022. We may be eligible to receive from Ji Xing additional payments totaling up to million for the achievement of certain commercial milestone events in connection to omecamtiv mecarbil. In addition, Ji Xing will pay us tiered royalties in the mid-teens to the low twenties range on the net sales of pharmaceutical products containing omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan, subject to certain reductions for generic competition, patent expiration and payments for licenses to third party patents. Ji Xing will be responsible for the development and commercialization of omecamtiv mecarbil at its own cost and is required to use diligent efforts to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. The development of omecamtiv mecarbil will be initially focused on HFrEF, and Ji Xing will have the opportunity to participate in Cytokinetics global clinical trials of omecamtiv mecarbil. Cytokinetics will supply omecamtiv mecarbil to Ji Xing either as a finished product or as an active pharmaceutical ingredient. Ji Xing may reimburse Cytokinetics for certain costs related to development and supply activities that we performed on their behalf. The Ji Xing OM License Agreement, unless terminated earlier, will continue on a market-by-market basis until expiration of the relevant royalty term. Ji Xing has the right to terminate the Ji Xing OM License Agreement for convenience. Each party may terminate the Ji Xing OM License Agreement for the other party s uncured material breach, insolvency, or failure to perform due to extended force majeure events. Cytokinetics may also terminate the Ji Xing OM License Agreement if Ji Xing challenges Cytokinetics patents or undergoes certain change of control transactions. Rights granted to Ji Xing in relation to omecamtiv mecarbil will revert to Cytokinetics upon termination, and, under certain circumstances, subject to a low single digit royalty payment by the Company to Ji Xing on the net sales of the products containing the compound omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan. We assessed this arrangement in accordance with ASC 606 and concluded that there is one performance obligation relating to the license of functional intellectual property. The performance obligation was satisfied, and we recognized the residual allocation of arrangement consideration as revenue of million for 2021. Due to the nature of development, including the inherent risk of development and approval by regulatory authorities, we are unable to estimate if and when the development milestone payments could be achieved or become due and, accordingly, we consider the milestone payments to be fully constrained and excluded any potential milestone payments from the initial transaction price. The consideration related to sales-based milestone payments, including royalties, will be recognized when the related sales occur under the sales- and usage-based royalty exception as these amounts have been determined to relate predominantly to the license. We re-evaluate the probability of achievement of development milestones and any related constraints each reporting period. We will include consideration, without constraint, in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. Common Stock Purchase Agreements On December 20, 2021, as part of the 2021 RTW Transactions, we entered into common stock purchase agreements with each of the RTW Investors. These common stock purchase agreements provided for the sale and issuance of an aggregate of shares of our common stock at a price per share of and an aggregate purchase price of million. The closing occurred on . The RTW Investors have agreed to certain trading and other restrictions with respect to the shares of common stock they purchased pursuant to these agreements, including a restriction on sales or other transfers of the shares, subject to certain exceptions, for a period of one year from the closing date. The restrictions resulted in a premium paid by the RTW Investors of million, which represents the excess amount paid over the fair value of the shares of common stock purchased. The premium was determined by analyzing the restrictions discount applied to the closing stock price as of December 20, 2021, which is a Level 2 fair value input. The cash received less the calculated premium is the million fair value of the common stock recorded . 2020 Ji Xing and RTW Transactions On July 14, 2020, we entered in the 2020 RTW Transactions, as described below, with RTW Royalty Holdings and Ji Xing , related to aficamten, our proprietary small molecule cardiac myosin inhibitor product, a novel cardiac myosin inhibitor, and other assets. The 2020 RTW Transactions include entering into a licensing and collaboration agreement with Ji Xing, the sale of Cytokinetics common stock to the RTW Investors, an agreement to sell to RTW Royalty Holdings our interest in certain future royalties on net sales of products containing the compound mavacamten that are or may be developed or commercialized by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (formerly by MyoKardia, Inc.), including CAMZYOS tm (mavacamten), and the ability for the Company to obtain additional funding in the future from RTW Royalty Holdings, upon the achievement of certain clinical trial milestones, in exchange for future royalty payments as further discussed below. As a result, we have received and expect to receive a combination of license fees, milestone revenues and sale proceeds from the RTW Investors, RTW Royalty Holdings and Ji Xing. The 2020 RTW Transactions were entered into with parties that were at the time of our entry into the 2020 RTW Transactions affiliated and in contemplation of one another and, accordingly, we have assessed the accounting for these transactions in the aggregate. We concluded that there were three units of accounting in the 2020 RTW Transactions as further described below. 

Royalty (fair value) 

Common stock (fair value) 

Total consideration 

Ji Xing Aficamten License and Collaboration Agreement On July 14, 2020, we entered into the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement with Ji Xing, pursuant to which we granted to Ji Xing an exclusive license to develop and commercialize aficamten in China and Taiwan. Under the terms of the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement, we received from Ji Xing a nonrefundable upfront payment of million. We may be eligible to receive from Ji Xing milestone payments totaling up to million for the achievement of certain development and commercial milestone events in connection to aficamten in the field of oHCM and/or nHCM and other indications. In addition, Ji Xing will pay us tiered royalties in the low-to-high teens range on the net sales of the products containing aficamten in China and Taiwan, subject to certain reductions for generic competition, patent expiration and payments for licenses to third party patents. Ji Xing will be responsible for the development and commercialization of aficamten at its own cost and is required to use diligent efforts to develop and commercialize aficamten in China and Taiwan. The development of aficamten will be initially focused on HCM, and Ji Xing will have the opportunity to participate in Cytokinetics global pivotal clinical trials of aficamten. Cytokinetics or a designated supplier will supply aficamten to Ji Xing either as a finished product or as an active pharmaceutical ingredient. The Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement, unless terminated earlier, will continue on a market-by-market basis until expiration of the relevant royalty term. Ji Xing has the right to terminate the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement for convenience. Each party may terminate the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement for the other party s uncured material breach, insolvency, or failure to perform due to extended force majeure events. Cytokinetics may also terminate the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement if Ji Xing challenges Cytokinetics patents or undergoes certain change of control transactions. Rights granted to Ji Xing in relation to aficamten will revert to Cytokinetics upon termination, and, under certain circumstances, subject to a low single digit royalty payment by the Company to Ji Xing on the net sales of the products containing the compound aficamten in China and Taiwan. We assessed this arrangement in accordance with ASC 606 and concluded that there is one performance obligation relating to the license of functional intellectual property. The performance obligation was satisfied, and we recognized the residual allocation of arrangement consideration as revenue of million for 2020. license revenue was recognized in 2021 related to the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement. Due to the nature of development, including the inherent risk of development and approval by regulatory authorities, we are unable to estimate if and when the development milestone payments could be achieved or become due and, accordingly, we consider the milestone payments to be fully constrained and exclude the milestone payments from the initial transaction price. The consideration related to sales-based milestone payments, including royalties, will be recognized when the related sales occur under the sales and usage-based royalty exception of ASC 606 as these amounts have been determined to relate predominantly to the license. We re-evaluate the probability of achievement of development milestones and any related constraints each reporting period. We will include consideration, without constraint, in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. We recognized a million milestone from Ji Xing during the third quarter of 2021 for initiation of a phase 3 clinical trial for aficamten in oHCM. Although our contractual right to payment had not arisen under the Ji Xing Aficamten License Agreement, we determined recognition of the milestone in accordance with ASC 606 during the third quarter of 2021 was appropriate based on our expected initiation of a phase 3 clinical trial of aficamten in oHCM and was recorded as a corresponding contract asset in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Royalty Purchase Agreement On July 14, 2020, we entered the RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement with RTW Royalty Holdings, pursuant to which we sold our Mavacamten Royalty, under the Research Collaboration Agreement, dated August 24, 2012, between us and MyoKardia, Inc. to RTW Royalty Holdings for a one-time payment of million. The RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement transaction closed on November 13, 2020. On March 31, 2021, RTW Royalty Holdings assigned its rights and obligations under the RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement to its affiliate, RTW ICAV. We understand that on April 18, 2022, RTW ICAV and MyoKardia, Inc. entered into agreements, which purported to assign all of RTW ICAV's rights, title and interest to the Mavacamten Royalty to MyoKardia, Inc., and on April 25, 2022, we entered into a tripartite agreement with RTW ICAV and MyoKardia, Inc. acknowledging the release and discharge of any further obligations by us or MyoKardia, Inc. in connection to the Mavacamten Royalty. The allocation of the consideration for the 2020 RTW Transactions resulted in million being allocated to the RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement representing its fair value. The fair value was determined using an income approach method based on management s estimates of the discounted cash flows to be received over the term of the related royalty agreement, which are Level 3 fair value inputs. Management s estimates included significant unobservable inputs. These inputs are derived using internal management estimates developed based on third party data and reflect management s judgements, current market conditions surrounding competing products, and forecasts. The significant unobservable inputs include the estimated patient population, estimated selling price, estimated peak sales and sales ramp, the expected term of the royalty stream, and timing of the expected launch. The million was initially recorded as deferred revenue. On April 25, 2022, as discussed above, we entered into a tripartite agreement with RTW ICAV and MyoKardia, Inc. acknowledging the release and discharge of any further obligations by us or MyoKardia, Inc. in connection to the Mavacamten Royalty. As a result of the full extinguishment of the Mavacamten Royalty, we recognized revenue of million. Common Stock Purchase Agreements On July 14, 2020, we entered into common stock purchase agreements with each of the RTW Investors. These common stock purchase agreements provided for the sale and issuance of an aggregate of million shares of common stock of Cytokinetics at a price per share of and an aggregate purchase price of million. The closing occurred on July 14, 2020. The RTW Investors have agreed to certain trading and other restrictions with respect to the shares of common stock they purchased pursuant to these agreements, including a restriction on sales or other transfers of the shares, subject to certain exceptions, for a period of two years from the closing date, which period will be extended if certain conditions are met. The restrictions resulted in a premium paid by RTW investors of million which represents the excess amount paid over the fair value of the shares of common stock purchased. The premium was determined by analyzing the holding period discount applied to the 30-day average stock price as of , which is a Level 2 fair value input. The cash received less the calculated premium is the million fair value of the common stock recorded . Funding Agreement During July 2020, we also entered into a Funding Agreement (the Funding Agreement with RTW Royalty Holdings. Pursuant to the Funding Agreement, RTW Royalty Holdings had committed to provide up to million to fund our development and commercialization of aficamten in nHCM and oHCM. On January 7, 2022, we announced that we h ad elected to unilaterally terminate the Funding Agreement in connection with our entry into the RP Aficamten RPA (as defined below). At the time of its termination, we had not exercised any rights to sell any revenue interest in aficamten under the Funding Agreement. Astellas Our strategic alliance with Astellas to advance novel therapies for diseases and medical conditions associated with skeletal muscle impairment and weakness commenced in 2013 under the Astellas Agreement. On April 23, 2020, we and Astellas entered into the two agreements referenced below which, taken together, amend and restate the Company s research, development and commercialization collaboration with Astellas under the Astellas Agreement. Fast Skeletal Regulatory Activator Agreement The Company and Astellas entered into the Astellas FSRA Agreement on April 23, 2020. As a result of the Astellas FSRA Agreement, the Company will now have exclusive control and responsibility for the Company's future development and commercialization of reldesemtiv, CK-601 and other FSRA compounds and products, and accordingly, Astellas has agreed to terminate its license to all FSRA compounds and related products. Under the Astellas FSRA Agreement, Astellas agreed to pay one-third of the out-of-pocket clinical development costs which may be incurred in connection with the Company s Phase 3 clinical trial of reldesemtiv in ALS, up to a maximum contribution by Astellas of million. As of December 31, 2022, Astellas has reimbursed us million. In addition, Astellas agreed to non-cash contributions to the Company, which include the transfer of its existing inventories of active pharmaceutical ingredient of reldesemtiv and CK-601. Astellas has also agreed to the continued conduct of ongoing stability studies pertaining to such existing inventories of active pharmaceutical ingredient, at Astellas cost. In exchange, the Company will pay Astellas a low- to mid- single digit royalty on sales of reldesemtiv in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and the E.U. until the later of (i) ten years following the first commercial sale of such product in a major market country, or (ii) December 31, 2034, subject to certain royalty reduction provisions. The Company will not owe Astellas royalties on sales of reldesemtiv in any other country, or on the sale of any FSRA compounds or related products other than reldesemtiv. License and Collaboration Agreement for Other Skeletal Sarcomere Activators The Company and Astellas also entered into the Astellas OSSA Agreement, which is an amendment and restatement of the Astellas Agreement and removes the FSRA compounds and related products from the collaboration. On April 27, 2021, we received written notice of termination from Astellas of the Astellas OSSA Agreement. The termination of the Astellas OSSA Agreement was effective November 1, 2021. We recognized research revenue for reimbursements from Astellas of internal costs of certain full-time employee equivalents, supporting collaborative research and development programs, and of other costs related to those programs through March 31, 2021 when the research term of the Astellas OSSA Agreement expired. Research and development revenue from Astellas for 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million , million , and million , respectively. We had accounts receivable from Astellas as of December 31, 2022. We had accounts receivable from Astellas of million as of December 31, 2021. Amgen On November 23, 2020, we received written notice of termination from Amgen of the Amgen Agreement pertaining to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel small molecule therapeutics, including omecamtiv mecarbil, a novel cardiac myosin activator, and CK-136 (formerly AMG 594), a novel cardiac troponin activator. The termination of the Amgen Agreement was effective May 20, 2021. We recognized research and development revenue for reimbursements from Amgen of both internal costs of certain full-time employee equivalents and other costs related to the Amgen Agreement, which terminated effective May 20, 2021. There was research and development revenue from Amgen in 2022. Research and development revenue from Amgen was million in 2021 and million in 2020 and consists of reimbursement of costs we incurred related to METEORIC-HF. 

92 

Table of Contents 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 
 Level 1 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities backed repurchase agreements 
 
 Level 2 

U.S. and non-U.S. government agency bonds 
 
 Level 2 

() 

Commercial paper 
 
 Level 2 

() 

U.S. and non-U.S. corporate obligations 
 
 Level 2 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Hierarchy Level 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Money market funds 
 
 Level 1 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 
 Level 1 

() 

U.S. government agency bonds 
 
 Level 2 

() 

Commercial paper 
 
 Level 2 

() 

U.S. and non-U.S. corporate obligations 
 
 Level 2 

() 

() 

The available-for-sale securities in our consolidated balance sheet are as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Long-term investments 

Interest income was million , million , and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. credit losses on debt securities were recognized in either 2022 or 2021. In its evaluation to determine expected credit losses, management considered all available historical and current information, expectations of future economic conditions, the type of security, the credit rating of the security, and the size of the loss position, as well as other relevant information. The Company does not intend to sell, and is unlikely to be required to sell, any of these available-for-sale investments before their effective maturity or market price recovery. The carrying amount of our accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 during the periods presented . 

Computer equipment and software 

Office equipment, furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Right-of-use assets, finance lease 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Depreciation expense was million , million , and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Compensation related 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued liabilities 

We sponsor a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering all employees and contributed million , million , and million to this plan in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

million, consisting of the two million upfront payments for the signing of the RP Loan Agreement and the RP Aficamten RPA and milestone of million for initiation of the first pivotal trial in oHCM for aficamten that was deemed probable at the signing of the agreements. 

Development Funding Loan Agreement 

Total consideration 

2022 RP Loan Agreement Under the RP Loan Agreement, we are entitled to receive up to million in term loans, million of which was disbursed to us on closing and the remaining million available to us upon our satisfaction of customary disbursement conditions and certain development conditions by specific deadlines, as follows: million of tranche 2 term loans during the one year period following the receipt on or prior to March 31, 2023 of marketing approval from FDA of omecamtiv mecarbil; 

 million of tranche 3 term loans during the one year period following the commercial availability of a diagnostic test measuring levels of omecamtiv mecarbil to support the final FDA label language applicable to such drug, subject to such commercial availability and the conditions to the tranche 2 term loans having occurred on or prior to March 31, 2023; 

 million of tranche 4 term loans during the one year period following the receipt on or prior to September 30, 2024 of positive results from SEQUOIA-HCM, the Phase 3 trial for aficamten; and 

 million of tranche 5 term loans during the one year period following the acceptance by the FDA on or prior to March 31, 2025 of an NDA for aficamten, subject to the conditions to the tranche 4 term loans having occurred on or prior to September 30, 2024. 

 As a result of our receipt of a CRL on February 28, 2023, in connection to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil, we do not expect to satisfy the conditions to the availability of the tranche 2 and tranche 3 loans under the RP Loan Agreement. Each term loan under the RP Loan Agreement matures on the year anniversary of the funding date for such term loan and is repayable in quarterly installments of principal, interest and fees commencing on the last business day of the seventh full calendar quarter following the calendar quarter of the applicable funding date for such term loan, with the aggregate amount payable in respect of each term loan (including interest and other applicable fees) equal to of the principal amount of the term loan for the tranche 1, tranche 4 and tranche 5 term loans and of the principal amount of the term loan for tranche 2 and tranche 3 term loans (such amount with respect to each term loan, Final Payment Amount ). We accounted for amounts drawn under the RP Loan Agreement using the effective interest method which resulted in an effective interest rate of over the term. As of the date of the prepayment or maturity of the term loan (or the date such prepayment or repayment is required to be paid), we will be required to pay an additional amount equal to million accreted over the term of the loan. We may prepay the term loans in full (but not in part) at any time at our option by paying an amount equal to the unpaid portion of Final Payment Amount for the outstanding term loans under the RP Loan Agreement; provided that if the conditions for either the tranche 4 term loans or the tranche 5 term loans have been met, we must have borrowed at least million principal amount of the tranche 4 or 5 term loans. In addition, the term loans under the RP Loan Agreement are repayable in full at the option of either us or the lender in an amount equal to the unpaid portion of Final Payment Amount for the outstanding term loans upon a change of control of Cytokinetics. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Future minimum payments 

Less: Unamortized interest and loan costs 

() 

Term Loan, net 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our RP Loan approximated its carrying value of million based upon a market observable interest rate, which is a Level 2 input. Interest expense for the RP Loan Agreement was million in 2022. Concurrent with our entry into the RP Loan Agreement, we terminated the Term Loan Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance LLC and repaid all amounts outstanding thereunder as further described in Note 7. 2022 RP Aficamten Royalty Purchase Agreement In addition, on January 7, 2022, we entered into the RP Aficamten RPA with RPI ICAV, pursuant to which RPI ICAV purchased rights to certain revenue streams from net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten by us, our affiliates and our licensees in exchange for up to million in consideration, million of which was paid on the closing date, million of which was paid to us in March 2022 following the initiation of the first pivotal trial in oHCM for aficamten and million of which is payable following the initiation of the first pivotal clinical trial in nHCM for aficamten. The RP Aficamten RPA also provides that the parties will negotiate terms for additional funding if we achieve proof of concept results in certain other indications for aficamten, with a reduction in the applicable royalty if we and RPI ICAV fail to agree on such terms in certain circumstances. Pursuant to the RP Aficamten RPA, RPI ICAV purchased the right to receive a percentage of net sales equal to for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten up to billion and for annual worldwide net sales of pharmaceutical products containing aficamten in excess of billion, subject to reduction in certain circumstances (the RP Aficamten Liability ). We account for the RP Aficamten Liability as a liability primarily because we have significant continuing involvement in generating the related revenue stream from which the liability will be repaid. If and when aficamten is commercialized and royalties become due, we will recognize the portion of royalties paid to RPI ICAV as a decrease to the RP Aficamten Liability and a corresponding reduction in cash. The carrying amount of the RP Aficamten Liability is based on our estimate of the future royalties to be paid to RPI ICAV over the life of the arrangement as discounted using an imputed rate of interest. The imputed rate of interest on the unamortized portion of the RP Aficamten Liability was approximately as of December 31, 2022. During the third and fourth quarter of 2022, we updated our analyses of the RP Aficamten RPA to reflect our assumptions resulting from ongoing global market research and to reflect other adjustments in connection with our anticipated commercialization. Our estimates regarding the amount of future royalty payments under the RP Aficamten RPA increased due to changes in management s estimates of unobservable inputs related to market conditions and timing. The adjustment is accounted for on a prospective basis in our liability calculation and resulted in changes in our imputed interest rate from in the second quarter of 2022 to in the fourth quarter of 2022. We recognized million of non-cash interest expense in 2022 related to the RP Aficamten RPA. In 2022, the change in estimate had no impact on revenue and increased the net loss by million. The change in accounting estimate increased the net loss per share by in 2022. 2017 RP Omecamtiv Mecarbil Royalty Purchase Agreement In February 2017, we entered into the RP OM RPA pursuant to which we sold a portion of our right to receive royalties from Amgen on future net sales of omecamtiv mecarbil to RPFT for a one-time payment of million, which is non-refundable even if omecamtiv mecarbil is never commercialized. Concurrently, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement with RPFT through which RPFT purchased shares of the Company s common stock for million. We allocated the consideration and issuance costs on a relative fair value basis to our liability to RPFT related to sale of future royalties under the RP OM RPA (the RP OM Liability and the common stock sold to RPFT, which resulted in the RP OM Liability being initially recognized at million. The RP OM RPA provides for the sale of a royalty to RPFT of on worldwide net sales of omecamtiv mecarbil, subject to a potential increase of up to an additional under certain circumstances. As a result of our receipt of a CRL on February 28, 2023 in connection to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil, pursuant to the terms of the RP OM RPA, the applicable royalty rate will increase to a maximum of if omecamtiv approval obtains FDA approval at any time after June 30, 2023. As a result of the termination of the Amgen Agreement and pursuant to our obligations under the RP OM RPA, we and RPFT amended the RP OM RPA on January 7, 2022 to preserve RPFT s rights under the RP OM RPA by providing for direct payments by us to RPFT of up to of our and our affiliates and licensees worldwide net sales of omecamtiv mecarbil. The RP OM RPA, as amended, had no impact on the original accounting for the million associated with the RP OM Liability established in February 2017. We account for the RP OM Liability as a liability primarily because we have significant continuing involvement in generating the related revenue stream from which the liability will be repaid. If and when omecamtiv mecarbil is commercialized and royalties become due, we will recognize the portion of royalties paid to RPFT as a decrease to the RP OM Liability and a corresponding reduction in cash. The carrying amount of the RP OM Liability is based on our estimate of the future royalties to be paid to RPFT over the life of the arrangement as discounted using an imputed rate of interest. The excess of future estimated royalty payments over the 92.3 million of allocated proceeds, less issuance costs, is recognized as non-cash interest expense using the effective interest method. The imputed rate of interest on the unamortized portion of the RP OM Liability was approximately as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. During the third and fourth quarter of 2022, we updated our analyses of the RP OM RPA to reflect our current assumptions resulting from ongoing global market research and to reflect other adjustments in connection with our anticipated commercialization, including the result of FDA Cardiovascular and Renal Drugs Advisory Committee in December 2022 that voted the benefits of omecamtiv mecarbil do not outweigh its risks for the treatment of HFrEF. Our estimates regarding the amount of future royalty payments under the RP OM RPA decreased year over year, however the royalty rate and probability of success increased from 2021 to 2022. The adjustments are accounted for on a prospective basis in our liability calculation and resulted in changes in our imputed interest rate and non-cash interest expense from and million in 2021 to and million in 2022, respectively. In 2022, the change in estimate had no impact on revenue and reduced the net loss by million. The change in accounting estimate reduced the net loss per share by in 2022. As a result of our receipt of a CRL in connection to our NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil (see Note 11), our estimates regarding the amount of future royalty payments under the RP OM RPA will be re-evaluated in the first quarter of 2023 and will be accounted for on a prospective basis in our liability calculation. As a consequence of our receipt of the CRL from FDA, any approval of omecamtiv mecarbil in the United States would likely only occur after June 30, 2023, the date at which the royalty rate under the RP OM RPA will increase to no more than , while and the resulting sales forecast for omecamtiv mecarbil is expected to decrease since comercializaation and sales of omecamtiv mecarbil will be delayed. Accounting for the Royalty Pharma Royalty Purchase Agreements We periodically assess the amount and timing of expected royalty payments using a combination of internal projections and forecasts from external sources. To the extent such payments are greater or less than our initial estimates or the timing of such payments is materially different than its original estimates, we will prospectively adjust the amortization of the RP OM Liability and the RP Aficamten Liability and the effective interest rate. There are a number of factors that could materially affect the amount and timing of royalty payments, a number of which are not within our control. The RP OM Liability and the RP Aficamten Liability are recognized using significant unobservable inputs. These inputs are derived using internal management estimates developed based on third party data, including competitor sales data, and reflect management s judgements, current market conditions surrounding competing products, and forecasts. The significant unobservable inputs include the estimated patient population, estimated selling price, estimated peak sales and sales ramp, the expected term of the royalty stream, timing of the expected launch and its impact on the royalty rate as well as the overall probability of success. A significant change in unobservable inputs could result in a material increase or decrease to the effective interest rate of the RP OM Liability and the RP Aficamten Liability. We review our assumptions on a regular basis and our estimates may change in the future as we refine and reassess our assumptions. 

Initial carrying value 

Interest accretion 

Amortization of issuance costs 

Ending balance, December 31 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the liabilities related to the sale of future royalties to RPFT and RPI ICAV are consistent with their carrying values of million and million , respectively, and is based on our estimates of the amount and timing of future royalties expected to be paid to RPFT and RPI ICAV under the RP OM RPA and the RP Aficamten RPA agreements, respectively, as defined above, over the life of the arrangement, which are considered Level 3 inputs. We recognized million , million , and million in non-cash interest expense in 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively, related to the RP Aficamten RPA and the RP OM RPA. 

98 

Table of Contents 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 or (b) the sum of plus the 30-day U.S. LIBOR rate. We were required to make a final payment upon loan maturity of of the notes payable, which we accreted over the life of the Term Loan Agreement. Our obligations under the Term Loan Agreement were secured by substantially all our current and future assets, other than our intellectual property. The Term Loan Agreement was terminated, and all amounts thereunder repaid in connection to our entry into that certain RP Loan Agreement, between us and RPDF, as further described below. Amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement were classified as non-current in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, because short-term obligations expected to be refinanced on a long-term basis are not expected to require the use of working capital during the ensuing fiscal year. As a result of the termination of the Term Loan Agreement and the repayment to the Lenders, in 2022, we recorded million in loss on debt extinguishment in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consisting of the premium on debt repayments and the write-off of the remaining term loan fees and debt issuance costs. Interest expense for the Term Loan Agreement was immaterial for 2022 because it represented approximately one week of interest before extinguishment. Interest expense for the Term Loan Agreement was million and million for 2021 and 2020 respectively. Convertible Notes On November 13, 2019, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes. On July 6, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes and used approximately million of the net proceeds from the offering of 2027 Notes and issued shares of common stock to repurchase approximately million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes pursuant to privately negotiated exchange agreements entered into with certain holders of the 2026 Notes concurrently with the pricing of the offering of the 2027 Notes. As a result of the partial repurchase of the 2026 Notes, the Company recorded an inducement loss of million, consisting of the difference between the consideration to the holders pursuant to the exchange agreements and the if-converted value of the 2026 Notes under the original terms. As of December 31, 2022 , there remain million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding. The 2026 Notes are unsecured obligations and bear interest at an annual rate of per year, . The 2026 Notes are governed by an indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2026 Notes will mature on , unless earlier repurchased or redeemed by the Company or converted at the option of the holders. The Company may redeem the 2026 Notes prior to the maturity date but is not required to and sinking fund is provided for the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes may be converted, under certain circumstances as described below, based on an initial conversion rate of shares of per principal amount (which represents an initial conversion price of per share). The conversion rate for the 2026 Notes will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. In addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture), the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares for a holder that elects to convert its notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. The Company received approximately million in net proceeds, after deducting the initial purchasers discount, from the issuance of the 2026 Notes. trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on November 7, 2019; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such 10 consecutive trading day period, the measurement period if the trading price per principal amount of 2026 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls the 2026 Notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, July 15, 2026 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, November 15, 2026. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election, based on the applicable conversion rate. The 2026 Notes are convertible at December 31, 2022 based on circumstance (1) defined above. As discussed in Note 1, effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective method and, as a result, it is no longer required to separately account for the liability and equity components of the 2026 Notes, and, instead, account for the 2026 Notes wholly as debt. 

Accretion of debt discount 

Accretion of debt issuance costs 

Total interest costs recognized 

The effective interest rate of the 2026 Notes was for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt issuance cost for the 2026 Notes was million and will be amortized over approximately years. If the 2026 Notes were to be converted on December 31, 2022, the holders of the 2026 Notes would receive common shares of million with an aggregate value of million based on the Company s closing stock price of as of December 31, 2022. The if-converted value of the 2026 Notes exceeded its principal amount by million as of December 31, 2022. The 2027 Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) senior in right of payment to the Company s future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2027 Notes in right of payment; (ii) equal in right of payment with all of the Company s indebtedness that is not so subordinated (including the 2026 Notes); (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s subsidiaries. The net proceeds of the 2027 Notes were approximately million after deducting issuance costs related to the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, . The 2027 Notes will mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. shares of the Company s per principal amount of such Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. Holders of the 2027 Notes may convert all or any portion of their convertible notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2022, if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock, par value per share, exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (ii) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such 10 consecutive trading day period, the measurement period if the trading price per principal amount of 2027 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (iii) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock, as described in the 2027 Indenture; (iv) if the Company calls such 2027 Notes for redemption; and (v) at any time from, and including, March 1, 2027 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. shares per principal amount of such Notes, subject to certain customary anti-dilution adjustments (as defined in the 2027 indenture). Pursuant to the Partial Redemption Limitation, the Company may not elect to redeem less than all of the outstanding 2027 Notes unless at least million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes are outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. If a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2027 Indenture) occurs, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their 2027 Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common stock. In accounting for the Notes, issuance costs of million for the 2027 Notes were deducted from the respective debt liability in the consolidated balance sheet. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method, which materially approximates the effective interest method, over term for the 2027 Notes. 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense recognized 

The effective interest rate of the 2027 Notes was in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt issuance cost for the 2027 Notes was million and will be amortized over approximately years. If the 2027 Notes were to be converted on December 31, 2022, the holders of the 2027 Notes would receive common shares of million with an aggre gate value of million based on the Company s closing stock price of as of December 31, 2022. The if-converted value of the 2027 Notes was below the principal value of the Notes of million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, in 2022, the conditions allowing holders of the Notes to convert were not met. As a result, the Notes were not convertible at December 31, 2022 nor at any point during 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Future minimum payments 

Less: Interest 

() 

() 

() 

Convertible notes, principal amount 

Less: Debt costs on the convertible notes 

() 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount of the convertible notes 

As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes and 2026 Notes was million and million , respectively, and was based upon observable, Level 2 inputs, including pricing information from recent trades of the convertible notes. Capped Call Transactions In connection with the offering of the 2026 Notes, the Company entered into privately-negotiated capped call transactions with one of the underwriters in the offering or its affiliate. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2026 Notes to pay the cost of the capped call transactions. The capped call transactions were expected generally to reduce potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company would have been required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market value per share of the Company s common stock, as measured under the terms of the capped call transactions at the time of exercise, is greater than the strike price of the capped call transactions (which initially corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes, and is subject to certain adjustments), with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap initially equal to approximately per share (which represents a premium of approximately over the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on November 7, 2019), subject to certain adjustments. The capped call transactions were separate transactions, entered into by the Company and were not part of the terms of the 2026 Notes. Given that the transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the convertible note capped call transactions were recorded in stockholders equity, they were not accounted for as derivatives and were not remeasured each reporting period. On October 24, 2022, we entered into a termination agreement in connection to the capped call transactions and thereby released the capped call counterparties of any further obligations in relation to the capped call transactions. As a result of the termination agreement and unwinding of the capped call transactions, we received gross proceeds of million in cash. 

 at prices not lower than of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. after and monthly thereafter over a period of . . In May 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2004 Plan to increase the number of authorized shares reserved for issuance under the 2004 Plan by an additional million shares. In May 2022, our board of directors approved an amendment to the 2004 Plan to increase the number of authorized shares reserved for issuance under the 2004 Plan by an additional million shares for inducement grants to new employees. As of December 31, 2022, the total authorized shares under the 2004 Plan available for grant was million . 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised, calculated based on the difference between the market value at the date of exercise and the exercise price, was million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. The intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million . RSU, including PSU 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

RSUs generally vest annually over two to . For 2022, the fair value of RSUs vested, calculated based on the units vested multiplied by the closing price of our common stock on the date of vesting, was million . Performance Stock Units In May 2021, the Compensation Committee granted a total of PSUs to certain employees with a weighted average grant date fair value of per unit. The fair value of the PSUs was determined on the grant date based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at such time. The PSUs consist of equal tranches with of each tranche vesting upon achieving certain performance criteria and vesting at the one-year anniversary of such achievement provided the recipient has been continuously employed by the Company. The first tranche vests upon certification by the Compensation Committee that the NDA for omecamtiv mecarbil has been filed and accepted by the FDA by December 31, 2021 or June 30, 2022 and the second tranche vests upon certification by the Compensation Committee that the FDA approval of the NDA is with an approved label that is consistent with the expectations underlying the Company s commercial launch plans for omecamtiv mecarbil in effect immediately prior to such approval by June 30, 2022 or December 31, 2022. In 2022, the performance target for the first tranche of PSUs was met. As a result, the Company recognized expense of million in 2022 for the first tranche of PSUs. expense has been recognized for the second tranche to date. The performance target for the second tranche of PSUs has not been met, and therefore, such second tranche of PSUs consisting of PSUs are deemed forfeited. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unamortized stock-based compensation related to the first tranche. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Under our ESPP, employees may purchase common stock up to a specified maximum amount at a price equal to of the fair market value at certain plan-defined dates. In May 2020, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the ESPP to increase the number of common stock shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP by million shares. We issued shares at an average price of per share during 2022, shares at an average price of per share in 2021, and shares at an average price of per share in 2020 pursuant to the ESPP. At December 31, 2022, we have shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Stock-Based Compensation Expense to 
 
 to 

to 

to 
 
 to 

Volatility 
 
 to 
 
 to 

to 
 
 to 

to 
 
 to 

Expected term in years 
 
 to 

to 

to 

Expected dividend yield 

We use U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to the expected terms of the options for the risk-free interest rate. We use our own volatility history based on its stock s trading history and our own historical exercise and forfeiture activity to estimate expected term for option grants. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future and use an expected dividend yield of zero. We do not estimate forfeitures in our stock-based compensation. We measure compensation expense for restricted stock units at fair value on the date of grant and recognize the expense over the expected vesting period. We recognize stock-based compensation expense on a ratable basis over the requisite service period, generally the vesting period of the award for share-based awards. 

General and administrative 

Stock-based compensation expense for share-based awards to non-employees was million in 2022, and million in 2021, and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we expect to recognize million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options over a weighted-average period of years, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock over a weighted-average period of years, and million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the first tranche of PSUs. Warrants In May 2022, Silicon Valley Bank exercised warrants issued pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement with a strike price of per share and elected the cashless settlement method. In June 2022, Silicon Valley Bank exercised additional warrants and warrants with a strike price of per share and per share, respectively. Accordingly, in 2022, we issued to Silicon Valley Bank a total of shares of our common stock. per share to purchase shares of our common stock: 

Issuance Date 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Exercise Price 

Warrants Exercised during the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Warrants Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

January 2020 

May 2019 

August 2018 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had the following outstanding warrants issued pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement with a weighted average exercise price of per share to purchase shares of our common stock: o 

Issuance Date 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Exercise Price 

Warrants Outstanding at December 31, 2019 

Warrants Exercised during the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Warrants Outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2021 

January 2020 

May 2019 

August 2018 

February 2016 

October 2015 

Claims Settlement In the first quarter of 2020, we received million from a claims settlement with certain institutional investors that were beneficial owners of our common stock related to the disgorgement of short swing profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This settlement was recognized in equity as additional paid-in capital. 

 , which was accounted for as a lease modification in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . Pursuant to such guidance, the Company remeasured the modified lease using the revised term as of the modification date. Adjustments were made to reflect the remeasured liability with the offset to the right-of-use asset. The lease includes rental payments and payment of certain operating expenses. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we officially relocated from our old headquarters to our new facilities at Oyster Point. As a result of the relocation, we considered ceasing use of the existing headquarters, which triggered an impairment assessment. In connection with this assessment, we recorded an impairment loss of million , consisting of right-of-use assets of the existing headquarters, which is included in operating expenses on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. No expense was recognized in 2022 due to the impairment that was recorded in 2021. We were subject to the fixed rental fee payments for the existing headquarters until the lease expired in June 2022. In July 2019, we entered into the Oyster Point Lease of office and laboratory space at a facility located in South San Francisco, California and in May 2020, January 2021, November 2021, and October 2022, we entered into first, second, third, and fourth amendments to the Oyster Point Lease. The Oyster Point Lease commenced on and upon commencement, we recognized a right-of-use asset of million, a short-term lease liability of million and a long-term lease liability of million. The long-term lease liability includes million of tenant improvement reimbursements as of March 31, 2021. The Oyster Point Lease has expiration date of and The options to extend the lease term were not included as part of the right-of-use asset or lease liability as the exercise of the options were not reasonably assured at the inception of the lease. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into the fourth amendment of the lease to amend the lease payment schedule, which increased the remaining lease payment through the lease expiration date. The amendments were accounted for as lease modifications in accordance with ASC 842. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease term of the Oyster Point Lease is years and the discount rate used to determine the related lease liability was . We paid a total security deposit of million in December 2019 and December 2020. The landlord has provided a tenant improvement allowance of million in aggregate for costs relating to the initial design and construction of the improvements. As of December 31, 2022, the total commitment of undiscounted lease payments for the Oyster Point Lease was million . In January 2022, we entered into a series of lease agreements with the sub-landlord and landlord and leased an office space at a facility located in Radnor, Pennsylvania (the Radnor Lease ). The Radnor Lease commenced on , when the leasehold improvements were substantially completed, and we gained a control over the use of the underlying assets. Upon commencement, we recognized a right-of-use asset of million, a short-term lease liability of million and a long-term lease liability of million. The right-of-use asset includes million of lease prepayments made before the commencement date. We will pay certain operating costs of the facility and have certain rights to sublease under the agreement. The Radnor Lease had an initial expiration date of with the sub-landlord. The option to extend the lease term were not included as part of the right-of-use asset or lease liability as the exercise of the options were not reasonably assured at the inception of the lease. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease term of the Radnor Lease is years and the discount rate used to determine the related lease liability was . We have incurred a tenant improvement cost of million relating to the initial design and construction of the improvements before the commencement date. The tenant improvement cost is offset by a tenant improvement allowance of million from the landlord, and the net tenant improvement cost incurred before the commencement date is accounted for lease prepayment. The total commitment of undiscounted lease payments for the Radnor Lease was million as of December 31, 2022. Cash paid for operating lease for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million , respectively, and was included in net cash used in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Finance Leases During the third quarter of 2021, we entered into a master lease agreement for laboratory equipment leases that commenced in the fourth quarter of 2021. The leases have an initial term of , commenced through the second quarter of 2022 and expire in 2025. The master lease agreement provides a purchase option with a bargain purchase price, which we expect to exercise at the end of the term. The Company classified the leases as finance leases. Finance leases are accounted for on the consolidated balance sheets with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recognized in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other non-current liabilities, respectively. The finance lease cost is recognized as a combination of the amortization expense for the right-of-use assets calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life for laboratory equipment and interest expense for the outstanding lease liabilities using the determined discount rates. As of December 31, 2022 , we have recognized finance lease right-of-use assets of million , short-term finance lease liabilities of million , and long-term finance lease liabilities of million . As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term for the finance leases is years and the weighted average discount rate used to determine the finance lease liabilities is . The cash paid for finance lease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million and was included in financing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

() 

Total lease liability 

Rent expense for operating and finance leases was million , million , and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

107 

Table of Contents 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 t record an income tax provision in 2022, 2021, and 2020 because we had net taxable losses. Our significant jurisdictions are the United States and California. 

State tax, net of federal benefits 

Change in state effected rates 

() 

() 

Tax credits, net 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

Tax credits 

Liability related to sale of future royalties 

Reserves and accruals 

Capitalized R D 

Long-term lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total noncurrent deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Convertible notes 

() 

Total noncurrent deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Less: Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Based upon the weight of available evidence, which includes our historical operating performance, reported cumulative net losses since inception, expected future losses, and difficulty in accurately forecasting our future results and an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable, we maintained a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The valuation allowance increased by million in 2022 and increased by million in 2021. At December 31, 2022 federal NOL carryforwards were million and apportioned state NOL carryforwards before federal benefits were million . If not utilized, federal and state operating loss carryforwards incurred prior to 2018 will begin to expire in various amounts beginning and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, tax credits of million and million for federal and California income tax purposes, respectively consisted of Research and Development Credits and Orphan Drug Credits. If not utilized, the federal carryforwards will expire in various amounts beginning in . California based credit carryforwards do not expire. In general, under Section 382, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses and tax credits to offset future taxable income. We do not believe it has experienced an ownership change since 2006, however, a portion of its NOLs and tax credits prior to 2007 will be subject to limitations under Section 382. 

Increase related to prior year tax positions 

Decrease related to prior year tax positions 

() 

() 

() 

Increase related to current year tax positions 

Balance at the end of the year 

We are subject to federal and various state and local income tax examination for all fiscal years with unutilized NOLs and tax credit carryforwards. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are million , million , and million of tax benefits, respectively, that, if recognized, would result in adjustments to other tax accounts, primarily deferred taxes. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act was signed into law making several changes to the Internal Revenue Code, including provisions addressing the carryback of net operating losses for specific periods, refunds of alternative minimum tax credits, temporary modifications to limitations placed on the tax deductibility of net interest expenses, and technical amendments for qualified improvement property. Additionally, the CARES Act provides for refundable employee retention tax credits and the deferral of the employer-paid portion of Social Security taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, the Company s income tax provision was not significantly impacted by the CARES Act. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law on August 16, 2022. The bill was meant to address the high inflation rate in the United States through various climate, energy, healthcare, and other incentives. These incentives are meant to be paid for by the tax provisions included in the IRA, such as a new 15 percent corporate minimum tax, a 1 percent new excise tax on stock buybacks, additional IRS funding to improve taxpayer compliance, and others. The IRA provisions are effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. At this time, none of the IRA tax provisions are expected to have a material impact to our consolidated tax provision for the year ending December 31, 2023. The Company will continue to closely monitor any effects from future legislation. 

 our common stock. Cantor will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Common Stock from time to time, based upon instructions from us (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions we may impose). We will pay Cantor a commission of up to 3.0 of the aggregate gross sales proceeds of any common stock sold through Cantor under the Amended ATM Facility, and also have provided Cantor with customary indemnification rights. 

110 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, we are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rule 13a 15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on the above evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report and has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report of Ernst Young LLP is included below. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no other changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a 15(d) and 15d 15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cytokinetics, Incorporated s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Cytokinetics, Incorporated (the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHE R INFORMATION 
 On March 1, 2023, we entered into an amended and restated Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the Amended ATM Facility ), with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), under which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share the Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 300.0 million through Cantor, as sales agent. The Amended ATM Facility amends, restates and supersedes the Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement dated as of March 6, 2019 between the Company and Cantor. 
 Cantor may sell the Common Stock by any method that is deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any other trading market for our common stock. Cantor will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Common Stock from time to time, based upon instructions from us (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions we may impose). We will pay Cantor a commission of up to 3.0 of the aggregate gross sales proceeds of any common stock sold through Cantor under the Amended ATM Facility, and also have provided Cantor with customary indemnification rights. 
 We are not obligated to make any sales of Common Stock under the Amended ATM Facility. The offering of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Amended ATM Facility will terminate upon the termination of the Amended ATM Facility in accordance with its terms. 
 The foregoing description of the Amended ATM Facility is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended ATM Facility, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.28 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 The legal opinion of Cooley LLP relating to the shares of Common Stock being offered pursuant to the Amended ATM Facility is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information regarding our directors and executive officers, our director nominating process and our audit committee is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where it appears under the headings Board of Directors, Executive Officers, and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all our directors, officers and employees. We publicize the Code of Ethics through posting the policy on our website, www.cytokinetics.com. We will disclose on our website any waivers of, or amendments to, our Code of Ethics within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where it appears under the heading Executive Compensation and Director Compensation. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where it appears under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plans at December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where it appears under the headings Certain Business Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Board of Directors Independence of Directors. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where it appears under the headings Proposal Three Ratification of Selection of Ernst Young LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBTS AND FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II. Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted in this report because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions, or the information requested is set forth in the consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto. 
 b) Exhibits: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Exh. 
 
 Filed 

No. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 No. 
 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-174869 
 
 June 13, 2011 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 August 4, 2011 
 
 3.2 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 June 25, 2013 
 
 5.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 May 20, 2016 
 
 3.1 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 May 9, 2007 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Issuable to Oxford Finance LLC pursuant to that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, by and among the Company, Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 August 9, 2019 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Base Indenture, dated November 13, 2019, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 November 13, 2019 
 
 4.1 

4.4 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated November 13, 2019, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 4.00 Convertible Senior Note due 2026) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 November 13, 2019 
 
 4.2 

4.5 
 
 Indenture, dated July 6, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 3.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 July 6, 2022 
 
 4.1 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 

X 

115 

Table of Contents 

4.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 April 18, 2011 
 
 4.5 

4.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 June 30, 2012 
 
 4.1 

4.9 
 
 Certificate of Change of Registered Agent 

X 

5.1 
 
 Opinion of Cooley LLP 

X 

10.1 
 
 Lease, dated July 24, 2019, by and between the Company and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 November 1, 2019 
 
 10.52 

10.2 
 
 First Amendment to Lease, dated May 12, 2020, by and between the Company and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 26, 2021 
 
 10.59 

10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease, dated January 26, 2021, by and between the Company and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 26, 2021 
 
 10.60 

10.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease, dated November 12, 2021, by and between the Company and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 10.4 

10.5 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease, dated October 12, 2022, by and between the Company and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC 

X 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 August 5, 2008 
 
 10.1 

10.7+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 21, 2007, by and between the Company and Robert Blum 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 August 5, 2008 
 
 10.69 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreements 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 March 12, 2009 
 
 10.68 

10.9+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan 

X 

10.10+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 000-50633 
 
 March 26, 2020 
 
 Appendix A 

10.11+ 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (Employee Annual Grant) 

X 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (New Hire Inducement) 

X 

10.13+ 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (Director Annual Grant) 

X 

10.14+ 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (Director Onboarding) 

X 

10.15+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employee Annual Grant) 

X 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employee Key Performer) 

X 

10.17+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Director Annual Grant) 

X 

116 

Table of Contents 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and its executive officers 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 March 7, 2014 
 
 10.39 

10.19# 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement, dated July 14, 2020, by and between the Company and Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 10-Q/A 
 
 000-50633 
 
 March 11, 2021 
 
 10.1 

10.20# 
 
 License and Collaboration Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 10.14 

10.21# 
 
 Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and the Company 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 10.18 

10.22 
 
 First Amendment to Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated July 6, 2022, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and the Company 

X 

10.23 
 
 Second Amendment to Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated December 8, 2022, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and the Company 

X 

10.24# 
 
 Royalty Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, by and between the Company and RPI Finance Trust 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 March 6, 2017 
 
 10.44 

10.25# 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Royalty Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between the Company and RPI Finance Trust 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 10.20 

10.26# 
 
 Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between the Company and Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50633 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 10.21 

10.27+ 
 
 Description of Director Compensation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50633 
 
 November 4, 2022 
 
 10.1 

10.28 
 
 Amended and Restated Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2023, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of independent registered public accounting firm 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included in the signature page to this report) 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

117 

Table of Contents 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer, the Principal Financial Officer, and the Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (1) 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL in Exhibit 101) 

X 

# Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted as being immaterial and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed or is of the type of information Cytokinetics treats as confidential. 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and will be furnished on a supplemental basis to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan. 
 (1) This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

(b) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed under Item 15(a)(3) hereof are filed as part of this Form 10-K, other than Exhibit 32.1 which shall be deemed furnished. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 

None All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 

By: 
 
 / S / ROBERT I. BLUM 

Robert I. Blum 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Dated: March 1, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert I. Blum, Ching Jaw, and Robert Wong, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ R OBERT I. B LUM Robert I. Blum 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ C HING W. J AW Ching W. Jaw 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ R OBERT C. W ONG Robert C. Wong 
 
 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ J OHN T. H ENDERSON John T. Henderson, M.B. Ch.B. 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ M UNA B HANJI 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Muna Bhanji 

/s/ S ANTO J. C OSTA Santo J. Costa 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ R OBERT A. H ARRINGTON Robert A. Harrington, M.B. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ E DWARD M. K AYE Edward M. Kaye, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ B. L YNNE P ARSHALL B. Lynne Parshall 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ S ANDFORD D. S MITH Sandford D. Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ W ENDELL W IERENGA Wendell Wierenga, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ N ANCY J. W YSENSKI 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Nancy J. Wysenski 

120 

<EX-4>
 2
 cytk-ex4_6.htm
 EX-4.6

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.6 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated we, our, or us, has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock ). 
 The following summary sets forth certain material terms and provisions of our Common Stock. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for more information. 
 General 
 Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we are authorized to issue 173,000,000 shares. Those shares consist of 163,000,000 shares designated as Common Stock, and 10,000,000 shares designated as preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Preferred Stock ). 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share equally in all assets available for distribution after payment of all liabilities and provision for liquidation preference of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding. Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights or rights to convert their Common Stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends declared by the board of directors, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, subject to the rights of holders of Preferred Stock. Currently, we are not paying dividends. 
 All outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without further approval by our stockholders, to designate and issue up to 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series. Our board of directors previously designated 8,070 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock as Series A convertible preferred stock, and 23,026 of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock as Series B convertible preferred stock, none of which are currently outstanding. Our board of directors may designate the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each series of Preferred Stock, including dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption price or prices, and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the Common Stock. Thus, without stockholder approval, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of Preferred Stock with voting, conversion and other rights that could dilute the voting power and other rights of holders of our Common Stock, and may have the effect of decreasing the market price of the Common Stock. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Some Provisions of Delaware Law 
 Provisions of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws could make the acquisition of our company through a tender offer, a proxy contest or other means more difficult and could make the removal of incumbent officers and directors more difficult. We expect these provisions to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits provided by our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals. We believe the negotiation of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal could result in an improvement of its terms. 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an anti-takeover law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 
 prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

the stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (a) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and (b) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of a corporation s outstanding voting securities. We expect the existence of this provision to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our board of directors does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that Section 203 may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock held by stockholders. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Charter Documents 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for our board of directors to be divided into three classes serving staggered terms. Approximately one-third of the board of directors will be elected each year. The provision for a classified board could prevent a party who acquires control of a majority of the outstanding voting stock from obtaining control of the board of directors until the second annual stockholders meeting following the date the acquirer obtains the controlling stock interest. The classified board provision could discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company and could increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors. At an annual meeting, stockholders may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors. Stockholders may also consider a proposal or nomination by a person who was a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given to our Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of his or her intention to bring that business before the meeting. The Bylaws do not give the board of directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting of the stockholders. However, our Bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the board of directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws. Our Bylaws authorize a majority of the authorized directors on our board of directors, the chairperson of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary to call a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Because our stockholders do not have the right to call a special meeting, a stockholder could not force stockholder consideration of a proposal over the opposition of the board of directors by calling a special meeting of stockholders prior to such time as a majority of the board of directors believed or the chief executive officer believed the matter should be considered or until the next annual meeting provided that the requestor met the notice requirements. The restriction on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting means that a proposal to replace the board also could be delayed until the next annual meeting. 
 Delaware law provides that stockholders may execute an action by written consent in lieu of a stockholder meeting. However, Delaware law also allows us to eliminate stockholder actions by written consent. Elimination of written consents of stockholders may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions since actions by written consent are not subject to the minimum notice requirement of a stockholder s meeting. However, we believe that the elimination of stockholders written consents may deter hostile takeover attempts. Without the availability of stockholder s actions by written consent, a holder controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to amend our Bylaws or remove directors without holding a stockholders meeting. The holder would have to obtain the consent of a majority of the board of directors, the chairman of the board or the chief executive officer to call a stockholders meeting and satisfy the notice periods determined by the board of directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for the elimination of actions by written consent of stockholders. 

Forum Selection 
 Our Bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following claims or causes of action under Delaware statutory or common law: (A) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf of our company; (B) any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of our company, to our company or our company s stockholders; (C) any claim or cause of action against our company or any current or former director, officer or other employee of our company, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (D) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation, or remedy thereunder); (E) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (F) any claim or cause of action against our company or any current or former director, officer or other employee of our company, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine or otherwise related to our company s internal affairs, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This provision shall not apply to claims or causes of action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), or the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our Bylaws also provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the 1933 Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant named in such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by our company, its officers and directors, the underwriters for any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. 
 Any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these forum selection provisions. 
 Listing 
 Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol CYTK. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 

</EX-4>

<EX-4>
 3
 cytk-ex4_9.htm
 EX-4.9

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.9 
 STATE OF DELAWARE 
 CERTIFICATE OF CHANGE OF REGISTERED AGENT 
 AND/OR REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
 The corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware hereby certifies as follows: 
 
 1.	The name of the corporation is CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 2.	The Registered Office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is changed to 251 Little Falls Drive (street), in the City of Wilmington, DE , County of New Castle Zip Code 19808 . The name of the Registered Agent at such address upon whom process against this Corporation may be served is Corporation Service Company . 
 3.	The foregoing change to the registered office / agent was adopted by a resolution o f the Board of Directors of the corporation. 

By:		 Isl Robert Wong			 
 		Authorized Officer 
 Name:	 Robert Wong			 
 		Print or Type 

</EX-4>

<EX-5>
 4
 cytk-ex5_1.htm
 EX-5.1

EX-5 

Exhibit 5.1 

Alan D. Hambelton +1 206 452 8759 ahambleton@cooley.com 

March 1, 2023 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated 
 110 East 59 th Street 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 We have acted as counsel to Cytokinetics, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), in connection with the registration for sale of shares of its common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), having an aggregate offering price of up to 300,000,000 million (the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333 - 268483) (the Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus and the prospectus supplement dated March 1, 2023 to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus ). The Shares are to be sold by the Company in accordance with that certain Amended and Restated Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agreement ), as described in the Prospectus. 
 In connection with this opinion, we have examined and relied upon the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Agreement, the Company s certificate of incorporation and Bylaws, each as currently in effect, and originals or copies certified to our satisfaction of such records, documents, certificates, memoranda and other instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable us to render the opinion expressed below. We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures; the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals; the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies; the accuracy, completeness and authenticity of certificates of public officials and the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents by all persons other than the Company where authorization, execution and delivery are prerequisites to the effectiveness of such documents. As to certain factual matters, we have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Company and have not independently verified such matters. 
 We have assumed (i) that each sale of Shares will be duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, a duly authorized committee thereof or a person or body pursuant to an authorization granted in accordance with Section 152 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), (ii) that no more than 15,000,000 Shares will be sold under the Agreement pursuant to the Prospectus and (iii) that the price at which the Shares are sold will equal or exceed the par value of the Shares. We express no opinion to the extent that future issuances of securities of the Company, anti-dilution adjustments to outstanding securities of the Company and/or other matters cause the number of shares of the Common Stock issuable under the Agreement to exceed the number of shares available for issuance by the Company. 
 
 Cooley LLP 1700 Seventh Avenue Suite 1900 Seattle, WA 98101-1355 t: +1 206 452 8700 f: +1 206 452 8800 cooley.com 

Cytokinetics, Incorporated March 1, 2023 Page Two 

Our opinion herein is expressed solely with respect to the DGCL. Our opinion is based on these laws as in effect on the date hereof. We express no opinion to the extent that any other laws are applicable to the subject matter hereof and express no opinion and provide no assurance as to compliance with any federal or state securities law, rule or regulation. 
 On the basis of the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, we are of the opinion that the Shares, when sold and issued against payment therefor in accordance with the Agreement, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the Commission for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 Cooley LLP 

By: /s/	Alan D. Hambelton 	 
 	 Alan D. Hambelton 

Cooley LLP 1700 Seventh Avenue Suite 1900 Seattle, WA 98101-1355 t: +1 206 452 8700 f: +1 206 452 8800 cooley.com 

</EX-5>

<EX-10>
 5
 cytk-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.5 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE Fourth Amendment is made and entered into as of October 12, 2022, by and between KR OYSTER POINT I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and CYTOKINETICS INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 r e c i t a l s : 
 A.	Landlord and Tenant are parties to the Lease dated July 24, 2019 (the Original Lease ), as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease dated May 12, 2020 (the First Amendment ), that certain Second Amendment to Lease dated January 26, 2021 (the Second Amendment ), and that certain Third Amendment to Lease dated November 12, 2021 (the Third Amendment , together with the Original Lease, First Amendment, Second Amendment, and Third Amendment, the Lease whereby Tenant leases certain space (the Premises within Building 3 of that certain project commonly known as Kilroy Oyster Point and more particularly described in the Lease. 
 B.	Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease on the terms and conditions set forth in this Fourth Amendment. 
 a g r e e m e n t : 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms when used herein shall have the same meaning as is given such terms in the Lease unless expressly superseded by the terms of this Fourth Amendment. 

2. Base Rent . Effective as of the date of this Fourth Amendment, in lieu of the Base Rent chart set forth in Section 3 of the Second Amendment, Tenant shall pay Base Rent in accordance with the schedule below, and otherwise in accordance with the Lease, and Landlord shall continue to have the right to deliver to Tenant a notice in the form as set forth in Exhibit C attached to the Original Lease, as a confirmation of the rent schedule, which Tenant shall execute and return to Landlord within ten (10) business days of receipt thereof. 

Kilroy Oyster Point [Fourth Amendment] [Cytokinetics Incorporated] 

Period During Lease Term 
 Monthly Installment of Base Rent the Original Lease 
 Additional Allowance Payments 
 Partial Base Rent Abatement Amortization 
 Total Monthly Installment of Base Rent 

November 1, 2021 October 31, 2022 
 871,405.95 
 88,990.81 
 0.00 
 960,396.76 

November 1, 2022 October 31, 2023 
 901,905.16 
 88,990.81 
 0.00 
 990,895.97 

November 1, 2023 October 31, 2024 
 1,371,340.90 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,516,699.32 

November 1, 2024 October 31, 2025 
 1,419,337.83 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,564,696.25 

November 1, 2025 October 31, 2026 
 1,469,014.65 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,614,373.07 

November 1, 2026 October 31, 2027 
 1,520,430.16 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,665,788.58 

November 1, 2027 October 31, 2028 
 1,573,645.22 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,719,003.64 

November 1, 2028 October 31, 2029 
 1,628,722.80 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,774,081.22 

November 1, 2029 October 31, 2030 
 1,685,728.10 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,831,086.52 

November 1, 2030 October 31, 2031 
 1,744,728.58 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,890,087.00 

November 1, 2031 October 31, 2032 
 1,805,794.08 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 1,951,152.50 

November 1, 2032 October 31, 2033 
 1,868,996.88 
 88,990.81 
 56,367.61 
 2,014,355.30 

The Base Rent for the period commencing on November 1, 2021 and continuing through and including October 31, 2023 is calculated based on 159,891 rentable square feet in the Premises, notwithstanding that Tenant is leasing the entire Premises (consisting of 234,892 rentable square feet (such amount of Base Rent that Tenant is not obligated to pay due to such reduced rentable square footage calculation is the Partial Base Rent Abatement provided, however, that Tenant shall pay Tenant's Share of Operating Expenses and Tax Expenses and all other Additional Rent based on 234,892 rentable square feet in the Premises for the entire Lease Term, as amended, and provided further, however, the amortized portion of the Partial Base Rent Abatement shall be repaid by Tenant to Landlord 

Kilroy Oyster Point [Fourth Amendment] [Cytokinetics Incorporated] 

as set forth in the schedule above (the Partial Base Rent Abatement Amortization ). Tenant agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to commence construction of Phase 2 (as defined in the Second Amendment) by June 30, 2024 and to cause substantial completion of construction of Phase 2 on or before December 31, 2024, as evidenced by a certificate of substantial completion signed by the Architect (as that term is defined in the Work Letter). In the event construction of the Phase 2 is not complete (as evidenced per the prior sentence) by December 31, 2024 (the Construction Deadline Date ), then Landlord may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the entirety of the amount of any Partial Base Rent Abatement that has not then been repaid by Tenant on an amortized basis pursuant to the schedule above as of the Construction Deadline Date (i.e., a total of 3,856,755.64) shall become immediately due and payable as Additional Rent. 
 
 	Tenant began paying the Additional Allowance Payments commencing on November 1, 2021 and shall continue to pay the Additional Allowance Payments through and including October 31, 2033. 
 3. Broker . Landlord and Tenant hereby warrant to each other that they have had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the negotiation of this Fourth Amendment, except for Kidder Mathews Tenant's Broker ), and that they know of no other real estate broker or agent who is entitled to a commission in connection with this Fourth Amendment. Each party agrees to indemnify and defend the other party against and hold the other party harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, lawsuits, judgments, and costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) with respect to any leasing commission or equivalent compensation alleged to be owing on account of the indemnifying party s dealings with any real estate broker or agent, other than Tenant's Broker, through, or under the indemnifying party. The terms of this Section 3 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the term of the Lease, as hereby amended. 

4. Signatures . The parties hereto consent and agree that this Fourth Amendment may be signed and/or transmitted by facsimile, e-mail of a .pdf document or using electronic signature technology (e.g., via DocuSign or similar electronic signature technology), and that such signed electronic record shall be valid and as effective to bind the party so signing as a paper copy bearing such party's handwritten signature. The parties further consent and agree that (1) to the extent a party signs this Fourth Amendment using electronic signature technology, by clicking SIGN , such party is signing this Fourth Amendment electronically, and (2) the electronic signatures appearing on this Fourth Amendment shall be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as handwritten signatures. 

5. No Further Modification . Except as set forth in this Fourth Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Lease shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. 

[Signatures follow on next page] 

Kilroy Oyster Point [Fourth Amendment] [Cytokinetics Incorporated] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Fourth Amendment has been executed as of the day and year first above written. 

LANDLORD 
 TENANT 

KILROY OYSTER POINT I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation 

By: Kilroy Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership its Sole Member By: Kilroy Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation Its General Partner By: /s/ John Osmond Name: John Osmond Title: EVP, Asset Management By: /s/ Eileen Kong Name: Eileen Kong Title: SVP, Asset Management 
 By: /s/ Robert Blum Name: Robert I. Blum Title: President and CEO 

Kilroy Oyster Point [Fourth Amendment] [Cytokinetics Incorporated] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 cytk-ex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.9 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AMENDED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 6, 2013 
 APPROVED BY STOCKHOLDERS: MAY 22, 2013 
 AMENDED TO REFLECT THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT: JUNE 25, 2013 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 3, 2015 
 APPROVED BY STOCKHOLDERS: MAY 20, 2015 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 10, 2017 
 APPROVED BY STOCKHOLDERS: MAY 18, 2017 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 7, 2019 
 APPROVED BY STOCKHOLDERS: MAY 15, 2019 
 AMENDED TO REFLECT SEPARATE INDUCEMENT POOL: MAY 14, 2020 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 18, 2021 
 APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS: MAY 12, 2021 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED TO INCREASE SEPARATE INDUCEMENT POOL: AUGUST 13, 2021 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: FEBRUARY 17, 2022 
 APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS: MAY 10, 2022 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED TO INCREASE SEPARATE INDUCEMENT POOL: MAY 26, 2022 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED TO INCREASE SEPARATE INDUCMENT POOL: MARCH 1, 2023 
 1. PURPOSES OF THE PLAN AND PERMITTED AWARDS. 
 The purposes of this Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and to promote the success of the Company s business. The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units, Performance Shares, and Inducement Awards. 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. 
 (a) Shares Subject to the Plan. Subject to adjustments as specified in Section 12 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards other than Inducement Awards under the Plan is 26,954,190 Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an additional 4,450,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to Inducement Awards as provided in Section 2(e) of the Plan. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued or reacquired Stock. 
 (b) Treatment of Lapsed Awards. To the extent that an Award terminates, expires, or lapses for any reason, any Shares subject to the Award shall again be available for the grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan. Any shares of Stock tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant or exercise price or tax withholding obligation pursuant to any Award shall be treated as issued under this Plan and shall be deducted from the aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under Section 2(a). Shares of Stock repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an exercise price shall not again be available for the grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan. Notwithstanding that a Stock Appreciation Right may be settled by the delivery of a net number of Shares, the full number of Shares underlying such Stock Appreciation Right shall not again be available for the grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan. In addition, no Shares may again be optioned, granted or awarded if such action would cause an Incentive Stock Option to fail to qualify as such under Section 422 of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Inducement Shares that become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to this Section 2(b) will only become available for issuance pursuant to Inducement Awards. 

(c) Calculation of Share Reserve Under the Fungible Ratio. For purposes of determining the number of Shares issuable or transferred pursuant to Section 2(a) and except with respect to Inducement Awards, each Share which is issued or transferred pursuant to a Full Value Award (i) prior to May 20, 2015, shall be treated as if two Shares had been so issued or transferred, and (ii) on and after May 20, 2015, shall be treated as if 1.17 Shares had been so issued or transferred. To the extent there is issued a Share pursuant to a Full Value Award that counted as more than one Share against the number of Shares available for issuance under this Section and such Share again becomes available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to this Section, then the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall increase by (A) two Shares for Shares returning prior to May 20, 2015, and (B) 1.17 Shares for Shares returning on and after May 20, 2015. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law or any exchange rule, Shares issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards of any entity acquired in any form of combination by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall not be counted against Shares available for grant pursuant to this Plan. The settlement of any Award in cash shall not be counted against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (d) Incentive Stock Option Limit. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 relating to capitalization adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be 26,954,190 Shares. 
 (e) Inducement Shares. This Section 2(e) will apply with respect to the 4,450,000 Shares reserved under this Plan by action of the Board (or the Inducement Committee) to be used exclusively for the grant of Inducement Awards in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) (the Inducement Shares ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, an Inducement Award (i) may only be granted with the prior written approval of the Inducement Committee and (ii) may be granted only to an Employee who has not previously been an Employee or a Director of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or following a bona fide period of non-employment, as an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Incentive Stock Options may not be issued as part of an Inducement Award. 
 (f) Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 
 3. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN. 
 (a) Procedure. Unless and until the Board delegates administration to a Committee as set forth below, and subject to Section 2(e), the Plan shall be administered by the Board. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees of one or more members of the Board. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have the powers theretofore possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise. The Board may designate different Committees to administer the Plan with respect to different groups of Service Providers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, only an Inducement Committee has the power to grant Inducement Awards. 
 (b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion: 
 (i) to determine the Fair Market Value; 
 (ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder, provided Inducement Awards can only be granted to certain Employees pursuant to Section 2(e) hereof; 
 (iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder and the date of grant; the date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such later date as is determined by the Administrator; 
 (iv) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan; 
 (v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine; 

(vi) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan; 
 (vii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws; 
 (viii) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 3(c) of the Plan); provided, however , that Administrator may amend the terms of an Award without the affected Participant s consent if necessary (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option, (B) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code, or (C) to comply with other Applicable Law; 
 (ix) to determine the terms and conditions of any, and with the approval of the Company s stockholders, to institute an Exchange Program; 
 (x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator; 
 (xi) to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant under an Award; and 
 (xii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. 
 (c) Prohibition Against Repricing. Subject to adjustments made pursuant to Section 12, in no event shall the Administrator have the right to amend the terms of any Award to reduce the exercise price of such outstanding Award or cancel an outstanding Award in exchange for cash or other Awards with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original Award without stockholder approval. 
 (d) Effect of Administrator s Decision. The Administrator s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards. 
 4. ELIGIBILITY. 
 Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees and Inducement Awards of any Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted only to Employees who meet the criteria set forth in Section 2(e). 
 5. TERMS RELATING TO STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 
 Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for Shares purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (a) Term of Option. The term of each Option or SAR will be stated in the Award Agreement and will not exceed ten years from the date of grant, except that in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who is a Ten Percent Stockholder, the term of the Incentive Stock Option may not be more than five years from the date of grant. 
 (b) Exercise Price. The exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date the Award is granted, except that for Options or SARs granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Stock subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Stock equivalents. 

(c) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option or SAR is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option or SAR may be exercised and will determine the vesting requirements and any other conditions that must be satisfied before the Option or SAR may be exercised. 
 (d) Exercise of an Option. The Administrator will determine the acceptable method (which may be electronic) and form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. Such consideration may include: (i) cash; (ii) check; (iii) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; (iv) other shares of Stock provided that such shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Option will be exercised and provided that accepting such shares of Stock, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, shall not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company; (iv) consideration received by the Company under a cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (vi) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or (vii) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will specify in the Award Agreement the acceptable forms of consideration. 
 (e) Exercise and Payment of a SAR. The Administrator will determine the acceptable method (which may be electronic) to exercise any outstanding SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Stock equal to the number of Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (ii) the strike price. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. 
 (f) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, if a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than for Cause or upon the Participant s death or Disability, any unvested portion of the Option or SAR shall terminate and will revert to the Plan, and the Participant may exercise the vested portion of his or her Option or SAR until the earlier of three months following the Participant s termination, or expiration of the Option or SAR. If the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified, the Option or SAR will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR will revert to the Plan. In the case of a Participant terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination as a Service Provider, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the date of such termination for Cause. 
 (g) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, if a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant s Disability, any unvested portion of the Option or SAR shall terminate and will revert to the Plan, and the Participant may exercise the vested portion of his or her Option or SAR until the earlier of 12 months following the Participant s termination, or expiration of the Option or SAR. If the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified, the Option or SAR will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR will revert to the Plan. 
 
 (h) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, if a Participant dies while a Service Provider, any unvested portion of the Option or SAR shall terminate and will revert to the Plan, and the Participant s properly designated beneficiary may exercise the Option or SAR until the earlier of 12 months following Participant s death, or until expiration of the term of such Option or SAR. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option or SAR may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant s estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option or SAR is transferred pursuant to the Participant s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. If the Option or SAR is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Award will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR will revert to the Plan. 
 (i) Rights of Holder of Option. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, an individual holding or exercising an Option or SAR shall have none of the rights of a stockholder (for example, the right to receive cash or dividend payments or distributions attributable to the subject Shares or to direct the voting of the subject Shares) until the Shares covered thereby are fully paid and issued to him. In no case shall an individual holding an Option receive cash or dividend payments or distributions or dividend equivalents attributable to unvested Shares underlying an Option. Except as provided in Section 12(a) hereof, no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of such issuance. 

6. RESTRICTED STOCK. 
 (a) Grant of Restricted Stock. The Administrator may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine, provided Inducement Awards of Restricted Stock can only be granted to certain Employees pursuant to Section 2(e) hereof. 
 (b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction, the number of Shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, Restricted Stock will be held by the Company as escrow agent until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. The Administrator may impose such other restrictions on Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate. 
 (c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 6, Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction. 
 (d) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6, Shares underlying each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 
 (e) Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to such Stock, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. 
 (f) Dividends and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Restricted Stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Stock unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement. Any such dividends will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. For clarity, Service Providers holding Restricted Stock shall have the right to vote such Stock and the right to receive any dividends declared or paid with respect to such Stock provided that any such dividends shall be subject to the same vesting restrictions as the underlying Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award during the Period of Restriction. Such dividends so accrued with respect to the Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Award, whether subject to time-based and/or performance-based vesting criteria, shall become payable no earlier than the date the applicable vesting criteria have been satisfied and the Period of Restriction with respect to such Restricted Stock has lapsed. 
 (g) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 
 7. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 
 (a) Grant of Restricted Stock Units; Vesting and Other Terms. Restricted Stock Units may be granted to Service Providers at any time with the number of Units to be determined by the Administrator, provided Inducement Awards of Restricted Stock Units can only be granted to certain Employees pursuant to Section 2(e) hereof. The Administrator will set service-based or other vesting provisions in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number of Units to be issued to the Service Providers. Each Award of Restricted Stock Units will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the vesting schedule, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 
 (b) Earning of Restricted Stock Units; Form and Timing of Payment. Upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units, the holder thereof will be issued that number of Shares equal to the number of Units that have vested. Issuance of Shares upon the vesting of Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable after vesting, but in no event later than the time required to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Cancellation of Restricted Stock Units. If a holder of Restricted Stock Units terminates service prior to the vesting of all Units or as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, all unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited and will again be available for grant under the Plan. 

(d) Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Shares covered by an Award Agreement covering a Restricted Stock Unit, as determined by the Board and contained in such Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions (including forfeiture restrictions) of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit to which they relate, and such dividend equivalent shall not be paid unless and until the time that the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit are vested and are distributed to the Service Provider. 
 8. PERFORMANCE UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES. 
 (a) Grant of Performance Units and Performance Shares. Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to Service Providers at any time as determined by the Administrator, in such numbers and subject to such other terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, provided Inducement Awards of Performance Units and Performance Shares can only be granted to certain Employees pursuant to Section 2(e) hereof. 
 (b) Value of Performance Units/Shares. Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. 
 (c) Performance Objectives and Other Terms. The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of Performance Units/Shares that will be paid out to the Service Providers. Each Award of Performance Units/Shares will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator will determine. The Administrator may set performance objectives based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, or individual goals, applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 
 (d) Earning of Performance Units/Shares. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units/Shares will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives or other vesting provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Unit/Share. 
 (e) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares. Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares will be made as soon as practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a combination thereof. 
 (f) Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units/Shares will be forfeited and will again be available for grant under the Plan. 
 (g) Dividends and Other Distributions. No cash dividends or distributions declared with respect to Shares subject to the Performance Units/Shares shall be paid to any Participant unless and until the Participant vests in such underlying Performance Units/Shares. Upon the vesting of a Performance Units/Shares, any cash dividends or distributions declared but not paid during the vesting period with respect to such Performance Units/Shares shall be paid to the Participant at the same time or times as the Shares underlying the Performance Units/Shares. Any stock dividends declared on Shares subject to a Performance Units/Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions and shall vest at the same time as the Performance Units/Shares from which said dividends were derived. All unvested dividends shall be forfeited by the Participants to the extent their underlying Performance Units/Shares are forfeited. 

9. PERFORMANCE GOALS. 
 The granting and/or vesting of Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units and other incentives under the Plan may be made subject to the attainment of performance goals relating to one or more business criteria and may provide for a targeted level or levels of achievement Performance Goals including, with respect to the Company or any business unit: (a) cash position, (b) clinical progression, (c) collaboration arrangements, (d) collaboration progression, (e) earnings per share, (f) a financing event, (g) net income, (h) operating cash flow, (i) market share, (j) operating expenses, (k) operating income, (l) product approval, (m) product revenues, (n) profit after tax, (o) projects in development, (p) regulatory filings, (q) return on assets, (r) return on equity, (s) revenue growth, and (t) total stockholder return, (u) implementation of, progression in or completion of projects or processes (including, without limitation, progress in research or development programs, progress in regulatory or compliance initiatives, clinical trial initiation, clinical trial enrollment, clinical trial results, new or supplemental indications for existing products, regulatory filing submissions, regulatory filing acceptances, regulatory or advisory committee interactions, regulatory approvals, product supply and systems development and implementation), (v) completion of a joint venture or other corporate transaction, (w) employee retention, (x) budget management and (y) any other measures of performance selected by the Board. The Administrator will determine whether any significant element(s) will be included in or excluded from the calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participant. Any Performance Goals may be used to measure the performance of the Company as a whole or a business unit of the Company and may be measured relative to a peer group or index or to another Performance Goal. With respect to any Award, Performance Goals may be used alone or in combination. The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. The Administrator will determine whether any significant element(s) will be included in or excluded from the calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participant. In all other respects, Performance Goals will be calculated in accordance with the Company s financial statements, generally accepted accounting principles, or under a methodology established by the Administrator prior to the issuance of an Award. 
 10. LEAVES OF ABSENCE. 
 Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Service Provider will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (b) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed 90 days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six months and a day following the 1st day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 

11. TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS. 
 Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate; provided, however, that the Administrator may only make an Award transferable to one or more of the following: (a) a family member (as defined pursuant to Rule 701 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the Participant; (b) a trust for the benefit of one or more of the Participant or the persons referred to in clause (a); (c) a partnership, limited liability company or corporation in which the Participant or the persons referred to in clause (a) are the only partners, members or stockholders; or (d) charitable donations. 
 12. ADJUSTMENTS; DISSOLUTION OR LIQUIDATION; MERGER OR CHANGE IN CONTROL. 
 (a) Adjustments. In order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, in the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of Stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of shares of Stock or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the shares of Stock occurs, the Administrator shall appropriately adjust the number and class of Shares that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, the numerical Share limits as specified throughout the Plan. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 
 (c) Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be assumed or an equivalent option or right substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Award, the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding time-based Options and SARs, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all time-based restrictions on Restricted Stock shall lapse, and, with respect to Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Units, all Performance Goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 
 (i) For the purposes of this Section (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Fair Market Value of the consideration received in the merger or Change in Control by holders of Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction; provided, however, that if such consideration received in the Change in Control is not solely stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received to be solely stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock in the Change in Control. The continuation or imposition of vesting terms or other restrictions on Awards in connection with a Change of Control shall not prevent such Awards from being considered assumed for purposes of this Section. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the above, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more Performance Goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such Performance Goals without the Participant s consent; provided, however , a modification to such Performance Goals only to reflect the successor corporation s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 
 (iii) If an Option or SAR is not assumed or substituted for in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant that the Option or SAR will be fully vested and exercisable for a stated period of time prior to the Change of Control, as determined by the Administrator, and the Option or SAR will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

(iv) With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director that are assumed or substituted for, if on the date of or following such assumption or substitution the Participant s status as a Director or a director of the successor corporation, as applicable, is terminated other than upon a voluntary resignation by the Participant not at the request of the successor, then the Participant will fully vest in all Awards, and shall have the right to exercise Options and SARs for such periods as provided in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 13. TAX WITHHOLDING. 
 (a) Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof), the Company will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) required to be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 
 
 (b) Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (i) paying cash, (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld, (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld, or (iv) selling a sufficient number of shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld. The amount of the withholding requirement will be deemed to include any amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable to the Participant with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. The Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 
 14. CLAWBACK AND RECOVERY OF AWARDS. 
 All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board has adopted a clawback policy that allows the Company to seek repayment of incentive compensation that was erroneously paid. The policy provides that if the Board, or Compensation Committee as applicable, determines that there has been a material misstatement of publicly issued financial results from those previously issued to the public due to a knowing violation of rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or Company policy, or the willful commission of an act of fraud, dishonesty, gross recklessness or gross negligence, our Board or Compensation Committee will review all incentive compensation made to our named executive officers during the three year period prior to the restatement on the basis of having met or exceeded specific Performance Goals. If such payments would have been lower had they been calculated based on such restated results, our Board or Compensation Committee will (to the extent permitted by governing law) seek to recoup the payments in excess of the amount that would have been paid based on the restated results. 
 15. CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES. 
 (a) Legal Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 
 (b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required. 

16. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. 
 (a) Amendment and Termination. The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws. Unless earlier terminated or extended, the Plan will continue in effect until February 6, 2029, at which time it shall terminate without further action on the part of the Board or the Company. 
 (b) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will impair the rights of any Participant, without the consent of the Participant. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrator s ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination. 
 17. MISCELLANEOUS 
 (a) Not an Employment or Service Contract. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participant s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participant s right or the Company s right to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 
 (b) Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority will not have been obtained. 
 (c) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 
 (d) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (e) Choice of Law. The law of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 18. DEFINITIONS. 
 As used herein, the following definitions will apply: 
 (a) Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 3 of the Plan. With respect to Inducement Awards, the term Administrator shall mean the Board or the Inducement Committee. 

(b) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (c) Applicable Law means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. 
 (d) Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares and shall include Inducement Awards. 
 (e) Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (f) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (g) Cause means, in respect of a Participant, the meaning ascribed to such term in the written employment agreement between a Participant and the Company then in effect, and in the absence of any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant under the Plan will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 (h) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (i) Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; or 
 (ii) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 
 (iii) A change in the composition of the Board occurring within a two-year period, as a result of which less than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors. Incumbent Directors means directors who either (A) are Directors as of the effective date of the Plan, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the Company); or 
 (iv) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation. 
 (i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code will be a reference to any successor or amended section of the Code. 
 (j) Committee means a committee of Directors appointed by the Board in accordance with Section 3 of the Plan. 
 (k) Company means Cytokinetics, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 

(l) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to render services to such entity. 
 (m) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (n) Disability means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in the case of Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with non-discriminatory standards. 
 (o) Employee means any person employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. 
 (p) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (q) Exchange Program means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for Awards of the same type (which may have lower exercise prices and different terms), Awards of a different type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole discretion, subject to the provisions of Section 3(c). 
 (r) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Stock determined as follows: 
 (i) If the Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 
 (ii) If the Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Stock on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 
 (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator. 
 (s) Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 
 
 (t) Full Value Award means any Award other than an Option, SAR or other Award for which the Participant pays the intrinsic value (whether directly or by forgoing a right to receive a payment from the Company). 
 (u) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 
 (v) Inducement Award means an Award granted pursuant to Section 2(e) of the Plan. 
 (w) Inducement Committee means a Committee consisting of the majority of the Company s independent directors or the Company s independent Compensation Committee, in each case in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). 
 (x) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (y) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder. 
 (z) Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (aa) Outside Director means a Director who is not an Employee. 
 (bb) Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code. 
 (cc) Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award. 
 (dd) Performance Goals is defined in Section 9 of the Plan. 

(ee) Performance Period means any Fiscal Year or such other period as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. 
 (ff) Performance Share or Performance Unit means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 8. 
 (gg) Period of Restriction means the period during which the transfer of shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the shares of Restricted Stock are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator. 
 (hh) Plan means this Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (ii) Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award under Section 6 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 (jj) Restricted Stock Unit shall mean a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 7. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 (kk) Service Provider means an Employee, Director or Consultant. 
 (ll) Share means a share of the Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 12 of the Plan. 
 (mm) Stock means the Common Stock of the Company. 
 (nn) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 5 is designated as a SAR. 
 (oo) Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation , whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 (pp) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 cytk-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.11 

Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Award Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Boulevard South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 City, State and Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an option to purchase common stock of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, subject to the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement. 

Option Number: 
 
 - 

Plan: 
 
 - 

ID: 
 
 - 

Date of Grant: 
 
 - 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 
 - 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 
 
 - 

Total Exercise Price: 
 
 - 

Type of Options: 
 
 - 

Expiration Date: 
 
 - 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 1/48 th of the Option shall vest on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant in the first subsequent month to the Date of Grant. Thereafter, an additional 1/48 th of the Option shall vest in each subsequent month (on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant) for an additional 47 months. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Option Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding this Option and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this Option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this Option, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

Robert I. Blum 
 
 Participant s Name 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

II.	 AGREEMENT 
 (a) Grant of Option. 

The Administrator hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Agreement (the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 16(b) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 If designated in the Notice of Grant as an Incentive Stock Option ISO ), this Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code. However, if this Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, to the extent that it exceeds the 100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO ). 
 (b) Exercise of Option. 

Right to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Vesting will stop immediately when Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant may exercise this Option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable (1) on-line, using the website of the captive broker selected by the Company (an On-line Notice ); or (2) by delivery of a completed written exercise notice, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A (an Exercise Notice identifying the date of this Option Agreement, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares and the purchase price and method of exercise of the Exercised Shares. Any Exercise Notice will be completed by the Participant and delivered in person, by certified mail, or by such other method as determined from time to time by the Administrator of the Company. Any Exercise Notice must be accompanied by payment of the aggregate exercise price as to all Exercised Shares together with full payment for any applicable withholding taxes or an election of a net exercise . Upon the delivery of (i) an On-line Notice, or (ii) an Exercise Notice to the Company, with any required payments, this Option will be deemed to be exercised as to the Exercised Shares. 
 No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise comply with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 
 Non-Exempt Employees. 

If Participant is an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, Participant may not exercise this Option until Participant has been a Service Provider for at least six (6) months measured from the Date of Grant, even if Participant has already been an Employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, Participant may exercise this Option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) Participant s death or disability, (ii) a Change in Control or (iii) Participant s retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 
 (c) Method of Payment. 

Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price may be made by any of the following methods at the election of Participant, subject to the limitations described in this section: 
 (i) cash deposited in the Participant s account at the captive broker selected by the Company; 

(ii) if the Option is a NSO, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; 

(iii) if the Option is an ISO and 

(A) the expiration date of the Option is no more than ninety (90) days from the date of exercise; or	 

(B) the Participant terminates as a Service Provider without Cause (voluntarily or involuntarily); 

the Administrator, in their sole discretion, may offer Participant an opportunity to exercise their outstanding options by a net exercise. Participant must elect whether to accept the offer to net exercise within five (5) days from receiving notice of this opportunity from the Administrator, and the Option will convert from an ISO to a NSO regardless of whether the Participant engages in the net exercise. 
 (iv) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless option exercise program (e.g., in sell-to-cover or same-day sale transactions) initiated on-line through the website of the Company s captive broker adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan including the on-line electronic transmission; or 

(v) for any written Exercise Notice delivered to Cytokinetics, a check made out to Cytokinetics, Inc. for the full exercise price and the full amount of any taxes that must be withheld by the company or authorization to use a net exercise arrangement (as described above). 

(d) Non-Transferability of Option. 

This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Participant. 
 (e) Term of Option. 

This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 
 (f) Termination Period. 

This Option shall be exercisable for three months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable for one (1) year after Participant ceases to be Service Provider; provided, however , that the Option will terminate immediately if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to a termination for Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above. 
 (g) Tax Obligations. 

Withholding Taxes . In those cases where taxes are required to be withheld at the time of Option exercise, Participant is responsible to make, and hereby agrees to make, appropriate arrangements with the Company (or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Participant) for the full satisfaction of all Federal, state, and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise as provided in Section 11 of the Plan, including to the extent authorized at the time of exercise, through a net exercise arrangement. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot provide tax advice, and that it is the responsibility of Participant to determine any withholding tax or other tax liability that may arise from the exercise of the Option. Participant further acknowledges that the Company has recommended that Participant seek the advice of a tax advisor before exercising the Option, in whole or in part. 
 Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (1) the date two years after the Grant Date, or (2) the date one year after the date of exercise, the Participant must immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Participant agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized by Participant. 

(h) Entire Agreement; Governing Law. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement con sti tute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. This Option Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, as applied to residents of California with regard to transactions occurring within California, and without regard to principles of conflicts laws. 
 (i) NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE. 

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES HEREUNDER). PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE WITH PARTICIPANT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT'S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

EXHIBIT A 
 CYTOKINETICS INCORPORATED 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated 
 350 Oyster Point Boulevard 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator 
 
 1. Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, ______________________, __________, the undersigned Purchaser hereby elects to purchase _________________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of Cytokinetics, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Option Agreement dated, _____________________ (the Option Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be ________________, as required by the Option Agreement. 

2. Type of option: Incentive (ISO) Nonstatutory (NSO) 

3. Option Expiration Date: ______________________ 

4. Delivery of Payment . 

(other forms of delivery and methods of delivery may be available on-line) 

check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: 
 
 ______________ 

Value of _______ Shares pursuant to net exercise: 
 
 ______________ 

5. Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

6. Rights as Shareholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder will exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Participant as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

7. Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser's purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 

8. Entire Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 

Submitted by: 
 
 Accepted by: 

PURCHASER: 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INC. 

Signature 
 
 By 

Print Name 
 
 Its 

Address : 

Address : 

Date Received 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 cytk-ex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.12 

Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Option Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Boulevard South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 City, State and Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an option to purchase Common Stock of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, subject to the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement as set forth below. The option that is the object of this grant constitutes an Inducement Award and the shares of Common Stock underlying the options are Inducement Shares, in each case, within the meaning of the EIP Plan. 

Option Number: 
 
 - 

Plan: 
 
 - 

ID: 
 
 - 

Date of Grant: 
 
 - 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 
 - 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 
 
 - 

Total Exercise Price: 
 
 - 

Type of Option: 
 
 - 

Expiration Date: 
 
 - 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 1/4 th of the Option shall vest on the 1-year anniversary of the Date of Grant. Thereafter, 1/36 th of the Option shall vest on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant in the first subsequent month to the 1-year anniversary of the Date of Grant, and an additional 1/36 th of the Option shall vest in each subsequent month (on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant) for an additional 35 months. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Option Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Notice of Grant, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding this Option and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this Option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Option Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this Option, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 

Robert I. Blum 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

I.	 AGREEMENT 
 (a) Grant of Option. 

The Administrator hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Agreement (the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 16(b) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 This Option will be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO and is not intended to have the tax-favored provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 
 This Option is an Inducement Award granted pursuant to Section 2(e) of the Plan. Any Shares purchased upon the exercise of the Option will be considered Inducement Shares, as defined in the Plan. 
 (b) Exercise of Option. 

Right to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Vesting will stop immediately when Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant may exercise this Option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable (1) on-line, using the website of the captive broker selected by the Company (an On-line Notice ); or (2) by delivery of a completed written exercise notice, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A (an Exercise Notice identifying the date of this Option Agreement, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares and the purchase price and method of exercise of the Exercised Shares. Any Exercise Notice will be completed by the Participant and delivered in person, by certified mail, or by such other method as determined from time to time by the Administrator of the Company. Any Exercise Notice must be accompanied by payment of the aggregate exercise price as to all Exercised Shares together with full payment for any applicable withholding taxes or an election of a net exercise . Upon the delivery of (i) an On-line Notice, or (ii) an Exercise Notice to the Company, with any required payments, this Option will be deemed to be exercised as to the Exercised Shares. 
 No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise comply with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 
 Non-Exempt Employees. 
 If Participant is an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, Participant may not exercise this Option until Participant has been a Service Provider for at 

least six (6) months measured from the Date of Grant, even if Participant has already been an Employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, Participant may exercise this Option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) Participant s death or disability, (ii) a Change in Control or (iii) Participant s retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 
 (c) Method of Payment. 

Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price may be made by any of the following methods at the election of Participant, subject to the limitations described in this section: 
 (i) cash deposited in the Participant s account at the captive broker selected by the Company; 

(ii) by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; 

(iii) for any written Exercise Notice delivered to Cytokinetics, a check made out to Cytokinetics, Inc. for the full exercise price and the full amount of any taxes that must be withheld by the company or authorization to use a net exercise arrangement (as described above). 

(d) Non-Transferability of Option. 

This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Participant. 
 (e) Term of Option. 

This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 
 (f) Termination Period. 

This Option shall be exercisable for three months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable for one (1) year after Participant ceases to be Service Provider; provided, however , that the Option will terminate immediately if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to a termination for Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above. 
 (g) Tax Obligations. 

Withholding Taxes . In those cases where taxes are required to be withheld at the time of Option exercise, Participant is responsible to make, and hereby agrees to make, appropriate arrangements with the Company (or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Participant) for the full satisfaction of all Federal, state, and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the 

Option exercise as provided in Section 11 of the Plan, including to the extent authorized at the time of exercise, through a net exercise arrangement. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot provide tax advice, and that it is the responsibility of Participant to determine any withholding tax or other tax liability that may arise from the exercise of the Option. Participant further acknowledges that the Company has recommended that Participant seek the advice of a tax advisor before exercising the Option, in whole or in part. 
 (h) Entire Agreement; Governing Law. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement con sti tute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. This Option Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, as applied to residents of California with regard to transactions occurring within California, and without regard to principles of conflicts laws. 
 (i) NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE. 

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES HEREUNDER). PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE WITH PARTICIPANT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT'S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

EXHIBIT A 
 CYTOKINETICS INCORPORATED 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated 
 350 Oyster Point Boulevard 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator 
 
 1. Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, ______________________, __________, the undersigned Purchaser hereby elects to purchase _________________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of Cytokinetics, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Option Agreement dated, _____________________ (the Option Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be ________________, as required by the Option Agreement. 

2. Type of option: Nonstatutory (NSO) 

3. Option Expiration Date: ______________________ 

4. Delivery of Payment . 

(other forms of delivery and methods of delivery may be available on-line) 

check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: 
 
 ______________ 

Value of _______ Shares pursuant to net exercise: 
 
 ______________ 

5. Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

6. Rights as Shareholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder will exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Participant as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

7. Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser's purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 

8. Entire Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 

Submitted by: 
 
 Accepted by: 

PURCHASER: 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INC. 

Signature 
 
 By 

Print Name 
 
 Its 

Address : 

Address : 

Date Received 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 9
 cytk-ex10_13.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.13 

Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Award Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Boulevard South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 City, State and Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an option to purchase common stock of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, subject to the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement. 

Option Number: 
 
 - 

Plan: 
 
 - 

ID: 
 
 - 

Date of Grant: 
 
 - 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 
 - 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 
 
 - 

Total Exercise Price: 
 
 - 

Type of Options: 
 
 - 

Expiration Date: 
 
 - 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 1/12 th of the Option shall vest on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant in the first subsequent month to the Date of Grant. Thereafter, an additional 1/12 th of the Option shall vest in each subsequent month (on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant) for an additional 11 months. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Option Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding this Option and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this Option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this Option, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

Robert I. Blum 
 
 Participant s Name 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

II.	 AGREEMENT 
 (a) Grant of Option. 

The Administrator hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Agreement (the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 16(b) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 This Option is intended to be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO ). 
 (b) Exercise of Option. 

Right to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Vesting will stop immediately when Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant may exercise this Option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable (1) on-line, using the website of the captive broker selected by the Company (an On-line Notice ); or (2) by delivery of a completed written exercise notice, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A (an Exercise Notice identifying the date of this Option Agreement, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares and the purchase price and method of exercise of the Exercised Shares. Any Exercise Notice will be completed by the Participant and delivered in person, by certified mail, or by such other method as determined from time to time by the Administrator of the Company. Any Exercise Notice must be accompanied by payment of the aggregate exercise price as to all Exercised Shares or an election of a net exercise . Upon the delivery of (i) an On-line Notice, or (ii) an Exercise Notice to the Company, with any required payments, this Option will be deemed to be exercised as to the Exercised Shares. 
 No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise comply with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 
 (c) Method of Payment. 

Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price may be made by any of the following methods at the election of Participant, subject to the limitations described in this section: 
 (i) cash deposited in the Participant s account at the captive broker selected by the Company; 

(ii) if the Option is a NSO, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; 

(iii) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless option exercise program (e.g., in sell-to-cover or same-day sale transactions) initiated on-line through the website of the Company s captive broker adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan including the on-line electronic transmission; or 

(iv) for any written Exercise Notice delivered to Cytokinetics, a check made out to Cytokinetics, Inc. for the full exercise price or authorization to use a net exercise arrangement (as described above). 

(d) Non-Transferability of Option. 

This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Participant. 
 (e) Term of Option. 

This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 
 (f) Termination Period. 

This Option shall be exercisable for three months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable for one (1) year after Participant ceases to be Service Provider; provided, however , that the Option will terminate immediately if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to a termination for Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above. 
 (g) Entire Agreement; Governing Law. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement con sti tute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. This Option Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, as applied to residents of California with regard to transactions occurring within California, and without regard to principles of conflicts laws. 

(h) NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE. 

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES HEREUNDER). PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE WITH PARTICIPANT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT'S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

EXHIBIT A 
 CYTOKINETICS INCORPORATED 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated 
 350 Oyster Point Boulevard 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator 
 
 1. Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, ______________________, __________, the undersigned Purchaser hereby elects to purchase _________________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of Cytokinetics, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Option Agreement dated, _____________________ (the Option Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be ________________, as required by the Option Agreement. 

2. Type of option: Nonstatutory (NSO) 

3. Option Expiration Date: ______________________ 

4. Delivery of Payment . 

(other forms of delivery and methods of delivery may be available on-line) 

check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: 
 
 ______________ 

Value of _______ Shares pursuant to net exercise: 
 
 ______________ 

5. Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

6. Rights as Shareholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder will exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Participant as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

7. Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser's purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 

8. Entire Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 

Submitted by: 
 
 Accepted by: 

PURCHASER: 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INC. 

Signature 
 
 By 

Print Name 
 
 Its 

Address : 

Address : 

Date Received 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 10
 cytk-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 

Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Award Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Boulevard South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 City, State, Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an option to purchase common stock of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, subject to the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement. 

Option Number: 
 
 - 

Plan: 
 
 - 

ID: 
 
 - 

Date of Grant: 
 
 - 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 
 - 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 
 
 - 

Total Exercise Price: 
 
 - 

Type of Options: 
 
 - 

Expiration Date: 
 
 - 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 1/36 th of the Option shall vest on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant in the first subsequent month to the Date of Grant. Thereafter, an additional 1/36 th of the Option shall vest in each subsequent month (on the same day of the month as the Date of Grant) for an additional 35 months. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Option Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding this Option and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this Option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this Option, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

Robert I. Blum 
 
 Participant s Name 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

II.	 AGREEMENT 
 (a) Grant of Option. 

The Administrator hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Agreement (the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 16(b) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 This Option is intended to be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO ). 
 (b) Exercise of Option. 

Right to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Vesting will stop immediately when Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant may exercise this Option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable (1) on-line, using the website of the captive broker selected by the Company (an On-line Notice ); or (2) by delivery of a completed written exercise notice, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A (an Exercise Notice identifying the date of this Option Agreement, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares and the purchase price and method of exercise of the Exercised Shares. Any Exercise Notice will be completed by the Participant and delivered in person, by certified mail, or by such other method as determined from time to time by the Administrator of the Company. Any Exercise Notice must be accompanied by payment of the aggregate exercise price as to all Exercised Shares or an election of a net exercise . Upon the delivery of (i) an On-line Notice, or (ii) an Exercise Notice to the Company, with any required payments, this Option will be deemed to be exercised as to the Exercised Shares. 
 No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise comply with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 
 (c) Method of Payment. 

Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price may be made by any of the following methods at the election of Participant, subject to the limitations described in this section: 
 (i) cash deposited in the Participant s account at the captive broker selected by the Company; 

(ii) if the Option is a NSO, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; 

(iii) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless option exercise program (e.g., in sell-to-cover or same-day sale transactions) initiated on-line through the website of the Company s captive broker adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan including the on-line electronic transmission; or 

(iv) for any written Exercise Notice delivered to Cytokinetics, a check made out to Cytokinetics, Inc. for the full exercise price or authorization to use a net exercise arrangement (as described above). 

(d) Non-Transferability of Option. 

This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Participant. 
 (e) Term of Option. 

This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 
 (f) Termination Period. 

This Option shall be exercisable for three months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable for one (1) year after Participant ceases to be Service Provider; provided, however , that the Option will terminate immediately if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to a termination for Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above. 
 (g) Entire Agreement; Governing Law. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement con sti tute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. This Option Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, as applied to residents of California with regard to transactions occurring within California, and without regard to principles of conflicts laws. 

(h) NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE. 

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES HEREUNDER). PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE WITH PARTICIPANT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT'S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

EXHIBIT A 
 CYTOKINETICS INCORPORATED 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated 
 280 East Grand Avenue 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator 
 
 1. Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, ______________________, __________, the undersigned Purchaser hereby elects to purchase _________________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of Cytokinetics, Inc. (the Company under and pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Option Agreement dated, _____________________ (the Option Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be ________________, as required by the Option Agreement. 

2. Type of option: Nonstatutory (NSO) 

3. Option Expiration Date: ______________________ 

4. Delivery of Payment . 

(other forms of delivery and methods of delivery may be available on-line) 

check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: 
 
 ______________ 

Value of _______ Shares pursuant to net exercise: 
 
 ______________ 

5. Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

6. Rights as Shareholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder will exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Participant as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

7. Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser's purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 

8. Entire Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 

Submitted by: 
 
 Accepted by: 

PURCHASER: 
 
 CYTOKINETICS, INC. 

Signature 
 
 By 

Print Name 
 
 Its 

Address : 

Address : 

Date Received 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 11
 cytk-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 

Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit and Award Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Blvd. South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address line 1 Address line 2 City, State and Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Plan: 

ID: 

Date of Grant: 

Type of Award: 
 
 RSUs 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 40 of RSUs vest on the 1-year anniversary of the Date of Grant; 

 An additional 40 of RSUs vest on the 2-year anniversary of the Date of Grant; and 

 The remaining 20 of RSUs vest on the 3-year anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of the Restricted Stock Units with the exception, if applicable, of (i) restricted stock units previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of these RSUs upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

Robert I. Blum 
 
 Participant s Name 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

II. AGREEMENT 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Unit . The Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of the Grant of Restricted Stock Units attached as Part I of this Agreement Notice of Grant an award of RSUs, as set forth in the Notice of Grant and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 

2. Company s Obligation . Subject to Section 3, 4, and 5 below, each RSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Share(s) ). Unless and until the RSUs vest, the Participant will have no right to receive Shares under this Agreement or otherwise by virtue of the award of RSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any vested RSUs, such vested RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. The number of Shares subject to each RSU will be adjusted as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

3. Vesting Schedule . The RSUs awarded by this Agreement will vest in the Participant and be delivered according to the vesting schedule specified in the Notice of Grant. 

4. Forfeiture upon Termination as Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant, if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason prior to vesting, all unvested RSUs at the time of such cessation will be forfeited at no cost to the Company. 

5. Payment after Vesting . For any RSUs that vests in accordance with paragraph 3 the Company will grant Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to his or her estate) Shares as soon as administratively practicable, provided that to the extent determined appropriate by the Company, such number of RSUs whose fair market value (on a converted to Share basis) on the date of vesting equals the statutorily required federal, state and local withholding taxes in respect of RSUs that have vested will be withheld by the Company, and Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, his or her estate) shall receive only the net amount of Shares after such withholding. 

6. Payments after Death . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of the Participant s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 

7. Rights as Stockholder . Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any RSUs or any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Participant or Participant s broker. 

8. No Effect on Employment . The Participant s employment with the Company is on an at-will basis only. Accordingly, the terms of the Participant s employment with the Company will be determined from time to time by the Company, and the Company will have the right, which is hereby expressly reserved, to lawfully terminate or change the terms of the employment of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause or notice. 

9. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 

10. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

11. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Participant (or his or her estate), such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority. 

12. Plan Governs . This Agreement and the Notice of Grant are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

13. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of these Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the Participant s termination of employment (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to you on or within the six (6) month period following your termination of employment, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units otherwise payable to you during such six (6) month period will accrue and will be paid to you on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of your termination of employment, unless you die following your termination of employment, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in shares of Common Stock to your estate as soon as practicable following your death. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 12
 cytk-ex10_16.htm
 EX-10.16

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.16 

Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit and Award Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Blvd. South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 City, State and Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Plan: 

ID: 

Date of Grant: 

Type of Award: 
 
 RSUs 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 50 of RSUs vest on the 1-year anniversary of the Date of Grant; and 

 The remaining 50 of RSUs vest on the 2-year anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of the Restricted Stock Units with the exception, if applicable, of (i) restricted stock units previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of these RSUs upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

Robert I. Blum 
 
 Participant s Name 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

II. AGREEMENT 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Unit . The Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of the Grant of Restricted Stock Units attached as Part I of this Agreement Notice of Grant an award of RSUs, as set forth in the Notice of Grant and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 

2. Company s Obligation . Subject to Section 3, 4, and 5 below, each RSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Share(s) ). Unless and until the RSUs vest, the Participant will have no right to receive Shares under this Agreement or otherwise by virtue of the award of RSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any vested RSUs, such vested RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. The number of Shares subject to each RSU will be adjusted as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

3. Vesting Schedule . The RSUs awarded by this Agreement will vest in the Participant and be delivered according to the vesting schedule specified in the Notice of Grant. 

4. Forfeiture upon Termination as Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant, if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason prior to vesting, all unvested RSUs at the time of such cessation will be forfeited at no cost to the Company. 

5. Payment after Vesting . For any RSUs that vests in accordance with paragraph 3 the Company will grant Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to his or her estate) Shares as soon as administratively practicable, provided that to the extent determined appropriate by the Company, such number of RSUs whose fair market value (on a converted to Share basis) on the date of vesting equals the statutorily required federal, state and local withholding taxes in respect of RSUs that have vested will be withheld by the Company, and Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, his or her estate) shall receive only the net amount of Shares after such withholding. 

6. Payments after Death . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of the Participant s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 

7. Rights as Stockholder . Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any RSUs or any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Participant or Participant s broker. 

8. No Effect on Employment . The Participant s employment with the Company is on an at-will basis only. Accordingly, the terms of the Participant s employment with the Company will be determined from time to time by the Company, and the Company will have the right, which is hereby expressly reserved, to lawfully terminate or change the terms of the employment of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause or notice. 

9. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 

10. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

11. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Participant (or his or her estate), such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority. 

12. Plan Governs . This Agreement and the Notice of Grant are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

13. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of these Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the Participant s termination of employment (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to you on or within the six (6) month period following your termination of employment, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units otherwise payable to you during such six (6) month period will accrue and will be paid to you on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of your termination of employment, unless you die following your termination of employment, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in shares of Common Stock to your estate as soon as practicable following your death. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 13
 cytk-ex10_17.htm
 EX-10.17

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.17 

Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit and Award Agreement 
 Cytokinetics Incorporated ID: 94-3291317 350 Oyster Point Blvd. South San Francisco, CA 94080 

First and Last Name Address Line 1 Address Line 2 City, State and Zip Code 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Cytokinetics, Incorporated Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 You have been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Plan: 

ID: 

Date of Grant: 

Type of Award: 
 
 RSUs 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 100 of RSUs vest on the 1-year anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

By Participant s electronic acceptance and the electronic signature of the Company's representative below, the Participant and the Company agree that this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of the Restricted Stock Units with the exception, if applicable, of (i) restricted stock units previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of these RSUs upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 By accepting this award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

CYTOKINETICS, INC.: 
 
 PARTICIPANT: 

Robert I. Blum 
 
 Participant s Name 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

II. AGREEMENT 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Unit . The Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of the Grant of Restricted Stock Units attached as Part I of this Agreement Notice of Grant an award of RSUs, as set forth in the Notice of Grant and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 

2. Company s Obligation . Subject to Section 3, 4, and 5 below, each RSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock Share(s) ). Unless and until the RSUs vest, the Participant will have no right to receive Shares under this Agreement or otherwise by virtue of the award of RSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any vested RSUs, such vested RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. The number of Shares subject to each RSU will be adjusted as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 

3. Vesting Schedule . The RSUs awarded by this Agreement will vest in the Participant and be delivered according to the vesting schedule specified in the Notice of Grant. 

4. Forfeiture upon Termination as Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant, if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason prior to vesting, all unvested RSUs at the time of such cessation will be forfeited at no cost to the Company. 

5. Payment after Vesting . For any RSUs that vests in accordance with paragraph 3 the Company will grant Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to his or her estate) Shares as soon as administratively practicable. 

6. Payments after Death . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of the Participant s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 

7. Rights as Stockholder . Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any RSUs or any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Participant or Participant s broker. 

8. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 

9. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

10. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Participant (or his or her estate), such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority. 

11. Plan Governs . This Agreement and the Notice of Grant are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

12. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of these Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the Participant s termination of employment (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to you on or within the six (6) month period following your termination of employment, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units otherwise payable to you during such six (6) month period will accrue and will be paid to you on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of your termination of employment, unless you die following your termination of employment, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in shares of Common Stock to your estate as soon as practicable following your death. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 14
 cytk-ex10_22.htm
 EX-10.22

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.22 
 CONSENT AND AMENDMENT 
 This CONSENT AND AMENDMENT (this Amendment ), effective as of June 30, 2022, is executed by and between ROYALTY PHARMA DEVELOPMENT FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company RP and the Lender and together with RP s affiliates, successors and/or assignees that become Lenders hereunder, collectively but not jointly, the Lenders and CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation with offices located at 350 Oyster Point Boulevard, South San Francisco, CA 94080 Borrower . 
 
 WHEREAS, the Lender and Borrower are party to that certain Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, Borrower wishes to issue up to 540,000,000 principal amount of 3.5 convertible senior notes due 2027, which shall mature on July 1, 2027 (the Proposed Convertible Notes ); 
 WHEREAS, because the Proposed Convertible Notes would mature within five years after issuance and prior to December 31, 2027, such Proposed Convertible Notes would not constitute Permitted Convertible Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Loan Agreement; 
 WHEREAS, Borrower desires that Lenders consent to the issuance of the Proposed Convertible Notes and the incurrence of Indebtedness in respect thereof. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the benefits contained therein, the parties agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1 Definitions; Interpretation . All capitalized terms used in this Amendment (including in the recitals hereof) and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. 
 SECTION 2 Consent. The Lenders hereby consent to the issuance of the Proposed Convertible Notes and the incurrence of Indebtedness in respect thereof, provided that the Proposed Convertible Notes (i) are unsecured, (ii) will not have a stated maturity prior to July 1, 2027, (iii) will not have scheduled amortization or principal payments or requires any mandatory redemptions or payments of principal in cash prior to July 1, 2027 other than customary payments upon the occurrence of an event of default, a change of control or fundamental change event (provided that this clause (iii) does not prohibit Borrower from (x) paying the principal amount of the Proposed Convertible Notes in cash at maturity or voluntarily (but not mandatorily) upon conversion prior to maturity, (y) settling any conversion or exchange thereof in Equity Interests of the Borrower or (z) paying cash in lieu of fractional shares) and (iv) immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and any concurrent use of proceeds thereof, no default under the Loan Documents or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

SECTION 3 Amendment to Loan Agreement. Section 2.2(b) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
 (b) Mandatory Draw . If the Tranche 4 Draw Condition occurs, Borrower shall be required to request a Tranche 4 Advance of at least 50,000,000 during the Tranche 4 Draw Period; provided, however, that if the Tranche 5 Draw Condition occurs prior to the end of the Tranche 4 Draw Period, Borrower may request a Tranche 5 Advance of at least 50,000,000 during the Tranche 5 Draw Period in lieu of the Tranche 4 Advance required under this Section 2.2(b). 	 
 SECTION 4 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver Of Jury Trial. 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 (b) JURISDICTION; VENUE. 
 (i) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS RESPECTIVE PROPERTY AND ASSETS, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT OR FEDERAL COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, AND THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH NEW YORK STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS. THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AGREE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THAT PROCESS MAY BE SERVED ON THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES IN THE SAME MANNER THAT NOTICES MAY BE GIVEN PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 10 HEREOF. 

(ii) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT IN ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 SECTION 5 Miscellaneous. 
 (a) No Waiver . Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties. Except as expressly stated herein, the Lenders reserve all rights, privileges and remedies under the Loan Documents. Except as modified hereby, the Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Loan Agreement as modified hereby. 
 (b) Severability . In case any provision of or obligation under this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 (c) Headings . Headings and captions used in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect. 
 (d) Integration . This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document and, together with the other Loan Documents, incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. 
 (signature pages follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 
 Borrower: 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated, 
 a Delaware corporation 
 By: /s/ Ching Jaw 
 Name: Ching Jaw 
 Title: Senior Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 LENDER: 
 ROYALTY PHARMA DEVELOPMENT FUNDING, LLC 
 By: Royalty Pharma Holdings, Ltd., its Manager 
 By: /s/ George Lloyd 
 Name: George Lloyd 
 Title: Director 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 15
 cytk-ex10_23.htm
 EX-10.23

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.23 
 SECOND AMENDMENT 
 This SECOND AMENDMENT (this Amendment ), effective as of December 8, 2022, is executed by and between ROYALTY PHARMA DEVELOPMENT FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company RP and the Lender and together with RP s affiliates, successors and/or assignees that become Lenders hereunder, collectively but not jointly, the Lenders and CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation with offices located at 350 Oyster Point Boulevard, South San Francisco, CA 94080 Borrower ). 
 WHEREAS, the Lender and Borrower are party to that certain Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment, dated as of June 30, 2022, and as further amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement ); and 
 WHEREAS, the parties have agreed to make certain modifications to the Loan Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the benefits contained therein, the parties agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1 Definitions; Interpretation . All capitalized terms used in this Amendment (including in the recitals hereof) and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. 
 SECTION 2 Amendment to Loan Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment, and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement as described in Section 4 of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement is modified as follows: 
 (a) Section 2.2(a)(ii) and Section 2.2(a)(iii) of the Loan Agreement are hereby amended to replace the references therein to December 31, 2022 with March 31, 2023 
 (b) Section 2.2(c) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
 Repayment . Except as otherwise expressly specified in Section 2.2(d) and Section 2.2(e) , with respect to each Term Loan made by the Lenders, Borrower shall make (i) quarterly payments commencing on the last Business Day of the seventh (7 th full calendar quarter following the calendar quarter of the Funding Date of such Term Loan in an amount equal to (y) in the case of Term Loans consisting of a Tranche 1 Advance, a Tranche 4 Advance or a Tranche 5 Advance, the amounts stated on PART 1 of Schedule 2.2(c) attached hereto for the applicable calendar quarter, (z) in the case of Term Loans consisting of a Tranche 2 Advance or a Tranche 3 Advance, the amounts stated on PART 2 of Schedule 2.2(c) attached hereto for the applicable calendar quarter, and (ii) on the Maturity Date, a payment of the Final Payment. Each Term Loan may only be prepaid, paid or repaid in accordance with Sections 2.2(d) , 2.2(e) and 2.8 . 

(c) Article 14 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the following defined term in its entirety: 
 Applicable Final Payment Amount means (a) with respect to Term Loans consisting of a Tranche 1 Advance, a Tranche 4 Advance or a Tranche 5 Advance (or any other Term Loan not consisting of a Tranche 2 Advance or a Tranche 3 Advance) (as applicable), the Applicable Final Payment Amount (PART 1) (as defined in PART 1 of Schedule 2.2(c) to this Agreement), and (b) with respect to Term Loans consisting of a Tranche 2 Advance or a Tranche 3 Advance (as applicable), the Applicable Final Payment Amount (PART 2) (as defined in PART 2 of Schedule 2.2(c) to this Agreement). and 
 (d) Schedule 2.2(c) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety with Schedule 2.2(c) attached hereto as Annex A hereto. 
 SECTION 3 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Amendment and the amendments set forth herein shall become effective on and as of the date hereof when the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 
 (a) Lender shall have received a counterpart signature page of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower; 
 (b) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Amendment are true, accurate and complete; and 
 (c) no default (including prior to giving effect to any grace or cure period) under any Loan Document or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the Borrower entering into this Amendment. 
 SECTION 4 Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants that the representations and warranties in Article 5 of the Loan Agreement are true, accurate and complete in all material respects on the date hereof; provided, however that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date are true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date; and provided, further that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 5 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver Of Jury Trial . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 

(b) JURISDICTION; VENUE. 
 (i) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS RESPECTIVE PROPERTY AND ASSETS, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT OR FEDERAL COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, AND THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH NEW YORK STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS. THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AGREE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THAT PROCESS MAY BE SERVED ON THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES IN THE SAME MANNER THAT NOTICES MAY BE GIVEN PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 10 HEREOF. 
 (ii) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT IN ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 SECTION 6 Miscellaneous . 
 (a) No Novation . This Amendment is not intended by the parties hereto to be, and shall not be construed to be, a novation of the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document or an accord and satisfaction in regard thereto. 

(b) Reaffirmation . The Borrower acknowledges, agrees and reaffirms (i) that it is bound by all of the terms of the Loan Documents, and (b) that it is responsible for the full complete performance and payment of all Obligations. Furthermore, the Borrower acknowledges, agrees and confirms that by entering into this Amendment, the Lenders do not, except as expressly set forth herein, waive or release any term or condition of any Loan Document or any of their rights or remedies under the Loan Documents or any applicable law or any of the obligations of the Borrower thereunder. 
 (c) Ratification . The Loan Agreement, as modified hereby, and the obligations of the Borrower thereunder and under the other Loan Documents, are hereby ratified and confirmed by the Borrower and shall remain in full force and effect according to their terms. 
 (d) No Waiver . Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties. Except as expressly stated herein, the Lenders reserve all rights, privileges and remedies under the Loan Documents. Except as modified hereby, the Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Loan Agreement as modified hereby. 
 (e) Severability . In case any provision of or obligation under this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 (f) Headings . Headings and captions used in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect. 
 (g) Loan Document; Integration . This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. This Amendment, together with the other Loan Documents, incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (h) Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic method of transmission shall be effective as an original and shall constitute a representation that an executed original shall be delivered. 
 (signature pages follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 BORROWER: 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED , a Delaware corporation 
 By: /s/ Ching Jaw 
 Name: Ching Jaw 
 Title: Senior Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 LENDER: 
 ROYALTY PHARMA DEVELOPMENT FUNDING, LLC By: Royalty Pharma Holdings, Ltd., its Manager 
 By: /s/ George Lloyd 
 Name: George Lloyd 
 Title: Director 

ANNEX A 
 
 See attached. 

Schedule 2.2(c) 
 Payment Schedule 
 
 PART 1 
 (Applicable to Term Loans consisting of a Tranche 1 Advance, a Tranche 4 Advance or a Tranche 5 Advance) 

Calendar Quarter to Commence Following the Funding Date of Such Applicable Term Loan 
 Payment Amount of Such Term Loan 

7 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 720,000 

8 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 720,000 

9 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

10 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

11 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

12 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

13 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

14 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

15 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

16 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

17 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

18 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

19 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

20 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

21 st 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

22 nd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

23 rd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

24 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

25 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

26 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

27 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

28 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

29 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

30 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

31 st 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

32 nd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

33 rd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

34 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

35 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

36 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

37 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

38 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

39 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

40 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,440,000 

Total Amount of Such Payments of Such Term Loan 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 47,520,000 

Final Payment of Such Term Loan (the amount set forth in the column directly to the right of this column in this row of this chart, the Applicable Final Payment Amount (PART 1) 
 The Result of (A) the Applicable Multiplier Amount x 47,520,000, Minus (B) the Amount of Payments Above in this Column that Have Been Made in Cash to the Applicable Lenders for such Term Loan 

PART 2 
 (Applicable to Term Loans consisting of a Tranche 2 Advance and a Tranche 3 Advance) 

Calendar Quarter to Commence Following the Funding Date of Such Applicable Term Loan 
 Payment Amount of Such Term Loan 

7 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 760,000 

8 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 760,000 

9 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

10 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

11 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

12 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

13 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

14 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

15 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

16 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

17 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

18 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

19 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

20 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

21 st 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

22 nd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

23 rd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

24 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

25 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

26 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

27 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

28 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

29 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

30 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

31 st 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

32 nd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

33 rd 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

34 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

35 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

36 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

37 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

38 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

39 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

40 th 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 1,520,000 

Total Amount of Such Payments of Such Term Loan 
 Applicable Multiplier Amount x 50,160,000 

Final Payment of Such Term Loan (the amount set forth in the column directly to the right of this column in this row of this 
 The Result of (A) the Applicable Multiplier Amount x 50,160,000, Minus (B) the Amount of Payments Above in this Column that Have 

chart, the Applicable Final Payment Amount (PART 2) 
 Been Made in Cash to the Applicable Lenders for such Term Loan 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 16
 cytk-ex10_28.htm
 EX-10.28

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.28 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated 
 Shares of Common Stock 
 (par value 0.001 per share) 
 Amended and Restated 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM 
 Sales Agreement 
 March 1, 2023 
 Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 
 499 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), confirms its amended and restated agreement (this Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agent ), as follows: 
 1. Issuance and Sale of Shares . The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell to or through the Agent, as sales agent or principal, shares of common stock (the Placement Shares of the Company, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company issue or sell through the Agent such number or dollar amount of Placement Shares that would (a) exceed the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock registered on the effective Registration Statement (as defined below) pursuant to which the offering is being made, (b) exceed the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (less shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any outstanding securities of the Company or otherwise reserved from the Company s authorized capital stock), (c) exceed the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock permitted to be sold under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6 thereof, if applicable) or (d) exceed the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock for which the Company has filed a Prospectus Supplement (as defined below) (the lesser of (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Maximum Amount ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 1 on the amount of Placement Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and that the Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. The offer and sale of Placement Shares through the Agent will be effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below) filed by the Company which became automatically effective upon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on November 18, 2022, although nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the Company to use the Registration Statement to issue Common Stock. 

The Company has filed, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations ), with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268483), including a base prospectus, relating to certain securities, including the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the rules and regulations thereunder. The Company has prepared a prospectus or a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus included as part of the registration statement, which prospectus or prospectus supplement relates to the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company (the Prospectus Supplement ). The Company will furnish to the Agent, for use by the Agent, copies of the prospectus included as part of such registration statement, as supplemented, by the Prospectus Supplement, relating to the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company. Except where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement(s), including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations or deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations, and any one or more additional effective registration statements on Form S-3 from time to time that will contain a base prospectus and related prospectus or prospectus supplement, if applicable (which shall be a Prospectus Supplement), with respect to the Placement Shares, is herein called the Registration Statement . The base prospectus or base prospectuses, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in the Registration Statement, as it may be supplemented, if necessary, by the Prospectus Supplement, in the form in which such prospectus or prospectuses and/or Prospectus Supplement have most recently been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations, together with the then issued Issuer Free Writing Prospectus(es) (as defined below), is herein called the Prospectus . 
 Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents, if any, incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents ), including, unless the context otherwise requires, the documents, if any, filed as exhibits to such Incorporated Documents. Any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, any Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act on or after the most-recent effective date of the Registration Statement, or the date of the Prospectus Supplement, Prospectus or such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as the case may be, and incorporated therein by reference. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include the most recent copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system, or if applicable, the Interactive Data Electronic Application system when used by the Commission (collectively, EDGAR ). 

2. Placements . Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Placement Shares hereunder (each, a Placement ), it will notify the Agent by email notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) of the number of Placement Shares to be issued, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Placement Shares that may be sold in any one day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made (a Placement Notice ), the form of which is attached hereto as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Company set forth on Schedule 3 (with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed on such schedule), and shall be addressed to each of the individuals from the Agent set forth on Schedule 3, as such Schedule 3 may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice shall be effective unless and until (i) the Agent declines to accept the terms contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, which declination must occur within two (2) Business Days (as defined below) of the receipt of the Placement Notice, (ii) the entire amount of the Placement Shares thereunder have been sold, (iii) the Company suspends or terminates the Placement Notice or (iv) this Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of Section 13. The amount of any discount, commission or other compensation to be paid by the Company to the Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares shall be calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in Schedule 2. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor the Agent will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to the Agent and the Agent does not decline such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice will control. 

3. Sale of Placement Shares by the Agent . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market (the Exchange ), to sell the Placement Shares up to the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of, such Placement Notice. The Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the Trading Day on which it has made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day, the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds (as defined below) payable to the Company, with an itemization of the deductions made by the Agent (as set forth in Section 5(b)) from the gross proceeds that it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice, the Agent may sell Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act Regulations. Trading Day means any day on which Common Stock is traded on the Exchange. 

4. Suspension of Sales . The Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 3, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 3), suspend any sale of Placement Shares (a Suspension ); provided, however, that such Suspension shall not affect or impair any party s obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. While a Suspension is in effect, any obligation under Sections 7(l), 7(m), and 7(n) with respect to the delivery of certificates, opinions, or comfort letters to the Agent, shall be waived, provided, however, that such waiver shall not apply for the Representation Date (defined below) occurring on the date that the Company files its annual report on Form 10 K. Each of the parties agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against any other party unless it is made to and acknowledged by one of the individuals named on Schedule 3 hereto, as such Schedule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public information, the Company and the Agent agree that (i) no sale of Placement Shares will take place, (ii) the Company shall not request the sale of any Placement Shares, and (iii) the Agent shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Placement Shares. 

5. Sale and Delivery to the Agent; Settlement . 

(a) Sale of Placement Shares . On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, upon the Agent s acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Placement Shares up to the amount specified, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Placement Notice. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in selling Placement Shares, (ii) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Agreement and (iii) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company. 

(b) Settlement of Placement Shares . Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement Shares will occur on the second (2 nd Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date ). The Agent shall notify the Company of each sale of Placement Shares on the date of such sale. The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold (the Net Proceeds will be equal to the aggregate sales price received by the Agent, after deduction for (i) the Agent s commission, discount or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof, and (ii) any transaction fees imposed by any Governmental Authority (as defined below) in respect of such sales. 

(c) Delivery of Placement Shares . On or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Agent s or its designee s account (provided the Agent shall have given the Company written notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian system or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company on, or prior to, the Settlement Date. The Company agrees that if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Shares on a Settlement Date through no fault of the Agent, then in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 11(a) hereto, it will (i) hold the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable) and (ii) pay to the Agent any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default. 

(d) Denominations; Registration . Certificates for the Placement Shares, if any, shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Agent may request in writing at least one (1) full Business Day (as defined below) before the applicable Settlement Date. The certificates for the Placement Shares, if any, will be made available by the Company for examination and packaging by the Agent in The City of New York not later than noon (New York time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Settlement Date. 

(e) Limitations on Offering Size . Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares if, after giving effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the aggregate gross sales proceeds of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A) together with all sales of Placement Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the currently effective Registration Statement and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Company s board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Company s board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Maximum Amount. 

6. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with the Agent that as of the date of this Agreement and as of each Applicable Time (as defined below), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different time: 

(a) Registration Statement and Prospectus . The Company and, assuming no act or omission on the part of the Agent that would make such statement untrue, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement meet the requirements for and comply with the applicable conditions set forth in Form S-3 under the Securities Act (including General Instructions I.A and I.B). The Registration Statement has been or will be filed with the Commission and has been or will be declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act prior to the issuance of any Placement Notices by the Company. As of each Applicable Time, the Prospectus Supplement will name the Agent as the agent in the section entitled Plan of Distribution. The Company has not received, and has no notice of, any order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, or threatening or instituting proceedings for that purpose. The Registration Statement and the offer and sale of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement have been or will be so described or filed. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and any amendments or supplements thereto and all Incorporated Documents that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to the Agent and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Settlement Date and completion of the distribution of the Placement Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to which the Agent has consented, any such consent not to be unreasonably withheld conditioned or delayed. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is currently listed on the Exchange under the trading symbol CYTK . The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Company s knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Exchange. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. 

(b) No Misstatement or Omission . The Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendment and supplement thereto, on the date thereof and at each Applicable Time (defined below), did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents did not, and any further Incorporated Documents filed after the date of this Agreement will not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Company by the Agent in writing specifically for use in the preparation thereof, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Agent to the Company consist of Agent Information as defined below. 

(c) Conformity with the Securities Act and Exchange Act . The Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Incorporated Documents, when such documents were or are filed with the Commission under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable. At each Settlement Date, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. 

(d) Financial Information . The financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, together with the related notes and schedules, comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at the dates indicated and the statements of operations, statements of stockholders equity and statements of cash flows of the Company for the periods specified (subject to normal year end audit adjustments for interim financial statements) and have been prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved; the summary and selected financial data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, fairly present in all material respects the information shown therein as at the respective dates and for the respective periods specified and are derived from the financial statements set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and other accounting records of the Company. No other schedules or financial statements are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the Registration Statement (excluding the exhibits thereto), and the Prospectus; and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply, in all material respects, with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commission s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(e) Conformity with EDGAR Filing . The Prospectus delivered to the Agent for use in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Prospectus created to be transmitted to the Commission for filing via EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S T. 

(f) Organization . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as currently being conducted and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified in any such jurisdiction would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the assets, business, operations, financial condition, prospects, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or materially interfere with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (a Material Adverse Effect ). 

(g) Subsidiaries . The Company has no subsidiaries other than those set forth on Schedule 4 (collectively, the Subsidiaries ). The Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any shares of stock or any other equity or long-term debt securities of any other corporation or have any equity interest in any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or other entity. 

(h) No Violation or Default . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are in breach or violation of nor in default under (nor has any event occurred which, with notice, lapse of time or both, would result in any breach or violation of, constitute a default under or give the holder of any indebtedness (or a person acting on such holder s behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a part of such indebtedness under) (i) its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound or affected; or (iii) any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or default that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Company s knowledge, no other party under any material contract or other agreement to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party is in default in any respect thereunder where such default would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i) No Material Adverse Change . Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Free Writing Prospectuses, if any (including any Incorporated Document), there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect or the occurrence of any development that the Company reasonably expects will result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) other than as contemplated by this Agreement, any transaction which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iii) any obligation or liability, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iv) any material change in the capital stock (other than as a result of the sale of Placement Shares) or outstanding long-term indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (v) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in each case above in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein). 

(j) Capitalization . The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and, other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights pursuant to the Company s charter, by-laws or any agreement or other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein and such authorized capital stock conforms in all material respects to the description thereof set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The description of the securities of the Company in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus is complete and accurate in all material respects. Except as disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as of the date referred to therein, there are no options, warrants, agreements, commitments, contracts or other rights in existence to purchase or acquire from the Company whether through a conversion, exchange or otherwise any shares of the capital stock of the Company or other securities (other than as a result of the grant of stock options under the Company s existing equity incentive plans after the date(s) set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus). 

(k) Authorization; Enforceability . The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnification or contribution hereunder may be limited by federal or state securities laws and except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles. 

(l) Authorization of Placement Shares . The Placement Shares, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim (other than any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim arising from an act or omission of the Agent or a purchaser), including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Placement Shares, when issued, will conform in all material respects to the description of the Placement Shares contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus under the caption Description of Capital Stock . 

(m) No Consents Required . No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Placement Shares, except for (i) the registration of the Placement Shares under the Securities Act; and (ii) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable state securities laws or by the by-laws and rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or the Exchange in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares by the Agent. 

(n) No Preferential Rights . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (i) no person, as such term is defined in Rule 1 02 of Regulation S X promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Person ), has the right, contractual or otherwise, to cause the Company to issue or sell to such Person any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, (ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal, rights of co-sale or any other rights (whether pursuant to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, (iii) no Person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Placement Shares, and (iv) no Person has the right, contractual or otherwise, to require the Company to register under the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, or to include any such shares or other securities in the Registration Statement or the offering contemplated thereby, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated thereby or otherwise. 

(o) Independent Public Accounting Firm . PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or Ernst and Yong LLP, as applicable, (the Accountant ), whose report on the financial statements of the Company is filed with the Commission as part of the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on or after the date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, are and, during the periods covered by their report, were an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). To the Company s knowledge, the Accountant is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to the Company. 

(p) Enforceability of Agreements . All agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced in the Prospectus, other than such agreements that have expired by their terms or the termination of which is disclosed in documents filed by the Company on EDGAR, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles and (ii) the indemnification or contribution provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state securities laws or public policy considerations in respect thereof, except for any unenforceability that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(q) No Litigation . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, there are no legal, governmental or regulatory actions, suits or proceedings pending, nor, to the Company s knowledge, any legal, governmental or regulatory audits or investigations, to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party or to which any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, would have a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement; to the Company s knowledge, no such actions, suits or proceedings are threatened or contemplated by any Governmental Authority or threatened by others that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (i) there are no current or pending legal, governmental or regulatory audits or investigations, actions, suits or proceedings that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Prospectus that are not so described; and (ii) there are no contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not so filed. 

(r) Consents and Permits . Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have made all filings, applications and submissions required by, possesses and is operating in compliance with, all approvals, licenses, certificates, certifications, clearances, consents, grants, exemptions, marks, notifications, orders, permits and other authorizations issued by, the appropriate federal, state or foreign Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the United States Drug Enforcement Administration or any other foreign, federal, state, provincial, court or local government or regulatory authorities including self-regulatory organizations engaged in the regulation of clinical trials, pharmaceuticals, biologics or biohazardous substances or materials) necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or to conduct its businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (collectively, Permits ), except for such Permits the failure of which to possess, obtain or make the same would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Permits, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except where any invalidity, individually or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the limitation, revocation, cancellation, suspension, modification or non-renewal of any such Permit which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or has any reason to believe that any such license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course to the extent required. To the extent required by applicable laws and regulations of the FDA, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary has submitted to the FDA an Investigational New Drug Application or amendment or supplement thereto for each clinical trial it has conducted or sponsored or is conducting or sponsoring; all such submissions were in material compliance with applicable laws and rules and regulations when submitted and no material deficiencies have been asserted by the FDA with respect to any such submissions. 

(s) Regulatory Filings . Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to file with the applicable Governmental Authorities (including, without limitation, the FDA, or any foreign, federal, state, provincial or local Governmental Authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA) any required filing, declaration, listing, registration, report or submission, except for such failures that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect; except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, all such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions were in compliance with applicable laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority with respect to any such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions, except for any deficiencies that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has operated and currently is, in all material respects, in compliance with the United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, all applicable rules and regulations of the FDA and other federal, state, local and foreign Governmental Authorities exercising comparable authority. 

(t) Intellectual Property . Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, Internet domain names, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property ), necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted except to the extent that the failure to own, possess, license or otherwise hold adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (i) there are no rights of third parties to any such Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (ii) to the Company s knowledge, there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iii) there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Company s and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (v) there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company and its Subsidiaries infringe or otherwise violate any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (vi) to the Company s knowledge, there is no third-party U.S. patent or published U.S. patent application which contains claims for which an Interference Proceeding (as defined in 35 U.S.C. 135) has been commenced against any patent or patent application described in the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company; and (vii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or such Subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect, except, in the case of any of clauses (i)-(vii) above, for any such infringement by third parties or any such pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding or claim as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and except, in the case of clause (vii) above, for any non-compliance as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(u) Clinical Studies . To the Company s knowledge, the preclinical studies and tests and clinical trials conducted or sponsored by the Company and described in the Prospectus were, and, if still pending, are being, conducted in all material respects in accordance with the experimental protocols, procedures and controls pursuant to, where applicable, accepted professional and scientific standards for products or product candidates comparable to those being developed by the Company; the descriptions of such studies, tests and trials, and the results thereof, contained in the Prospectus are accurate and complete in all material respects; the Company is not aware of any tests, studies or trials not described in the Prospectus, the results of which reasonably call into question the results of the tests, studies and trials described in the Prospectus; and the Company has not received any written notice or correspondence from the FDA or any foreign, state or local Governmental Authority exercising comparable authority or any institutional review board or comparable authority requiring the termination, suspension, clinical hold or material modification of any tests, studies or trials. 

(v) Market Capitalization . At the time the Registration Statement was originally declared effective, and at the time the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, the Company met the then applicable requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. The aggregate market value of the outstanding voting and non-voting common equity (as defined in Securities Act Rule 405) of the Company held by persons other than affiliates of the Company (pursuant to Securities Act Rule 144, those that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled by, or are under common control with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate Shares ), was equal to or greater than 75.0 million (calculated by multiplying (x) the highest price at which the common equity of the Company closed on the Exchange within 60 days of the date of this Agreement times (y) the number of Non-Affiliate Shares). The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell company at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with the Commission at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

(w) FINRA Matters . The information provided to the Agent by the Company, its counsel, and its officers and directors for purposes of the Agent s compliance with applicable FINRA rules in connection with the offering of the Shares is true, complete, and correct and compliant with FINRA s rules. The Company meets the definition of the term experienced issuer specified in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(6). 

(x) No Material Defaults . Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10 K, indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(y) Certain Market Activities . Neither the Company, nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares. 

(z) Broker/Dealer Relationships . Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries or any related entities (i) is required to register as a broker or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning set forth in the FINRA Manual). 

(aa) No Reliance . The Company has not relied upon the Agent or legal counsel for the Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares. 

(bb) Taxes . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns and other material tax returns which have been required to be filed by the Company or a Subsidiary, or have properly requested extensions thereof, and paid all taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith, except where the failure to so file or pay would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been or might be asserted against it which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(cc) Title to Real and Personal Property . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by them, good and valid title to all tangible personal property described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as being owned by them that are material to the businesses of the Company or such Subsidiary, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real or tangible personal property described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus as being leased by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries is held by them under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except those that (A) do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) would not be reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries complies with all applicable codes, laws and regulations (including, without limitation, building and zoning codes, laws and regulations and laws relating to access to such properties), except if and to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or except for such failures to comply that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or its subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authorities any notice of any condemnation of, or zoning change affecting, the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the Company knows of no such condemnation or zoning change which is threatened, except for such that would not reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate. 

(dd) Environmental Laws . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws ); (ii) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and (iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ee) Disclosure Controls . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective and the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus, there has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 and 15d 15) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities, including during the period in which the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as the case may be, is being prepared. The Company s certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of the Form 10 K for the fiscal year most recently ended (such date, the Evaluation Date ). The Company presented in its Form 10 K for the fiscal year most recently ended the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date and except to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus the disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Except to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus, since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Company s internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation S K under the Securities Act) or, to the Company s knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect the Company s internal controls. 

(ff) Sarbanes-Oxley . There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Company s directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

(gg) Finder s Fees . Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finder s fees, brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

(hh) Labor Disputes . No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened which would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ii) Investment Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Placement Shares, will be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

(jj) Operations . The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company or its Subsidiaries are subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws ), except as would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(kk) Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements . There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships between and/or among the Company, and/or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity (each, an Off-Balance Sheet Transaction that would reasonably be expected to affect materially the Company s liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources, including those Off-Balance Sheet Transactions described in the Commission s Statement about Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations (Release Nos. 33 8056; 34 45321; FR 61), required to be described in the Prospectus which have not been described as required. 

(ll) Underwriter Agreements . The Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market or continuous equity transaction. 

(mm) ERISA . To the knowledge of the Company, (i) each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (except to the extent where any non-compliance would not result in material liability to the Company); (ii) during the last six plan years, no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the Company with respect to any such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; and (iii) for each such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency as defined in Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions. 

(nn) Forward-Looking Statements . No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. 

(oo) Agent Purchases . The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Agent has informed the Company that the Agent may, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, purchase and sell Common Stock for its own account while this Agreement is in effect, provided, that the Company shall not be deemed to have authorized or consented to any such purchases or sales by the Agent. 

(pp) Margin Rules . Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors. 

(qq) Insurance . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company and each of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries. 

(rr) No Improper Practices . (i) Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Company s knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the past five years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose any contribution in violation of law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state, municipal, or foreign office or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders beneficially owning 10 or more of the Company s Common Stock and, to the knowledge of the Company, non-affiliate stockholders of the Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, or stockholders of the Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iv) except as described in the Prospectus, there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of any of their respective officers or directors or any of the members of the families of any of them; (v) the Company has not offered, or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to any person with the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier of the Company or any Subsidiary to alter the customer s or supplier s level or type of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective products or services, and (vi) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Company s knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has (A) violated or is in violation of any applicable provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws ), (B) promised, offered, provided, attempted to provide or authorized the provision of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, influencing any act or decision of the recipient, or securing any improper advantage in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws; or (C) made any payment of funds of the Company or any Subsidiary or received or retained any funds in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(ss) Status Under the Securities Act . The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act at the times specified in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares. 

(tt) No Misstatement or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus . Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and as of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 25 below), did not, does not and will not, through the completion of the Placement for which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is used or deemed used, include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any Incorporated Document that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein. 

(uu) No Conflicts . Neither the execution of this Agreement by the Company, nor the issuance, offering or sale of the Placement Shares, nor the consummation by the Company of any of the transactions contemplated herein, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions hereof will conflict with, or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject, except (i) such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have been waived and (ii) such conflicts, breaches and defaults that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; nor will such action result (x) in any violation of the provisions of the organizational or governing documents of the Company, or (y) in any material violation of the provisions of any statute or any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Company, other than, with respect to clause (y) only, any violation that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(vv) Sanctions . 

(i) The Company represents that, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Entity or, to the Entity s knowledge, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Entity, is a government, individual, or entity (in this paragraph (vv), Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is: 
 (A) the subject of any applicable sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFAC s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFAC s Foreign Sanctions Evaders List (as amended, collectively, Sanctions ), nor 
 (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic and the Crimea Region of the Ukraine) (the Sanctioned Countries )). 

(ii) The Entity represents and covenants that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person: 
 (A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country; or 
 (B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). 
 	(iii) The Entity represents and covenants that, except as detailed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, for the past five years, it has not knowingly engaged in, is not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or is or was a Sanctioned Country. 
 (ww) Stock Transfer Taxes . On each Settlement Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required to be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Placement Shares to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with. 

(xx) Compliance with Laws . Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance in all material respects with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company or its Subsidiaries Applicable Laws ), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) has not received any FDA Form 483, notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws Authorizations ); (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received notice that any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority is considering such action; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear healthcare provider letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to the Company s knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective employees, officers, directors and agents, nor any of their respective business operations, is in violation of any applicable Health Care Laws, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all federal, state, local and all foreign health care related fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the U.S. Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), Sections 1320a-7 and 1320a-7a of Title 42 of the United States Code and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes; (iii) any criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ); (iv) the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information, the Security Standards, the Standards for Electronic Transactions and Code Sets promulgated 

under HIPAA (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof or other law or regulation the purpose of which is to protect the privacy of individuals or prescribers; (iv) the U.S. Controlled Substances Act; (v) any laws or regulations that govern participation in or coverage or reimbursement from any U.S. or state health care program, including but not limited to the federal TRICARE statute (10 U.S.C. 1071 et seq.), the Veterans Administration drug pricing program (38 U.S.C. Section 8126), and any regulations promulgated thereunder; (vi) quality, safety and accreditation standards and requirements of any applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; and (vii) any and all other applicable health care laws and regulations in any jurisdiction, as well as contractual agreements mandated by such laws in each case applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries. Additionally, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective employees, officers, directors, agents or contractors has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any federal health care program or, to the knowledge of Company and its Subsidiaries, is subject to an inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar matter that could subject the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective employees, officers, directors, agents or contractors to exclusion, suspension or debarment. 

(yy) Cyber Security . The Company and each of its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable technical and organizational measures necessary to protect in all material respects the information technology systems and Data used in connection with the operation of the Company s and its subsidiaries businesses. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its subsidiaries have used reasonable efforts to establish and maintain, and have established, maintained, implemented and complied with, reasonable information technology, information security, cyber security and data protection controls, policies and procedures, including oversight, access controls, encryption, technological and physical safeguards and business continuity/disaster recovery and security plans that are designed to protect against and prevent breach, destruction, loss, unauthorized distribution, use, access, disablement, misappropriation or modification, or other compromise or misuse of or relating to any information technology system or Data used in connection with the operation of the Company s and its subsidiaries businesses Breach ). There has been no material Breach, and the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material Breach. 

(zz) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws . (i) the Company and each of its subsidiaries have complied and are presently in compliance with all internal and external privacy policies, contractual obligations, industry standards, applicable laws, statutes, judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or other governmental or regulatory authority and any other legal obligations, in each case, relating to the collection, use, transfer, import, export, storage, protection, disposal and disclosure by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of personal, personally identifiable, household, sensitive, confidential or regulated data Data Security Obligations , and such data, Data ); (ii) the Company has not received any notification of or complaint regarding and is unaware of any other facts that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably indicate non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation; and (iii) there is no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened alleging non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation. 

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Agent as to the matters set forth therein. 

7. Covenants of the Company . The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent that: 

(a) Registration Statement Amendments . After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a Prospectus relating to any Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act or similar rule), (i) the Company will notify the Agent promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and of any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (ii) the Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Agent s request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Agent s reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent to make such request shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agent s right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure to make such filing shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or a security convertible into the Placement Shares unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Agent within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Agent has not reasonably objected in writing thereto within two (2) Business Days (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent to make such objection shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agent s right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and the Company has no obligation to provide the Agent any advance copy of such filing or to provide the Agent any opportunity to object to such filing if such filing does not name the Agent and does not relate to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure by the Company to seek such consent shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement) and the Company will furnish to the Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except in each case for those documents available via EDGAR; and (iv) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act or, in the case of any document to be incorporated therein by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed (the determination to file or not file any amendment or supplement with the Commission under this Section 7(a), based on the Company s reasonable opinion or reasonable objections, shall be made exclusively by the Company). 

(b) Notice of Commission Stop Orders . The Company will advise the Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose; and it will promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. The Company will advise the Agent promptly after it receives any request by the Commission for any amendments to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplements to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or for additional information related to the offering of the Placement Shares or for additional information related to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

(c) Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes . During any period in which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act with respect to the offer and sale of the Placement Shares, (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act or similar rule), the Company will comply in all material respects with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file on or before their respective due dates all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If the Company has omitted any information from the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, it will use its best efforts to comply with the provisions of and make all requisite filings with the Commission pursuant to said Rule 430B and to notify the Agent promptly of all such filings. If during such period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during such period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify the Agent to suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay any such amendment or supplement if, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, it is in the best interests of the Company to do so. 

(d) Listing of Placement Shares . During any period in which the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act with respect to the offer and sale of the Placement Shares, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange. 

(e) Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus . The Company will furnish to the Agent and its counsel (at the expense of the Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all Incorporated Documents) and all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during any period in which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act (including all Incorporated Documents filed with the Commission during such period), in each case as soon as reasonably practicable and in such quantities as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the Agent s request, will also furnish copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may be made; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Agent to the extent such document is available on EDGAR. 

(f) Earnings Statement . The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 15 months after the end of the Company s current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 of the Securities Act. 

(g) Use of Proceeds . The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds. 

(h) Notice of Other Sales . Without the prior written consent of the Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock during the period beginning on the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and ending on the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice (or, if the Placement Notice has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice, the date of such suspension or termination); and will not directly or indirectly in any other at the market or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock prior to the later of the termination of this Agreement and the sixtieth (60th) day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice; provided, however, that such restrictions will not apply in connection with the Company s issuance or sale of (i) Common Stock, options to purchase Common Stock or restricted stock units or stock awards or Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or vesting of options or other equity awards, pursuant to any employee, consultant or director stock option or benefits plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan (but not Common Stock subject to a waiver to exceed plan limits in its dividend reinvestment plan) of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter implemented, (ii) Common Stock issuable upon conversion of securities or the exercise or vesting of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, and disclosed in filings by the Company available on EDGAR or otherwise in writing to the Agent and (iii) Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock as consideration for mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations or strategic alliances, or offered and sold in privately negotiated transactions with vendors, customers, investors, strategic partners or potential strategic partners, occurring after the date of this Agreement which are not issued for capital raising purposes and conducted in a manner so as not to be integrated with the offering of Placement Shares hereby. 

(i) Change of Circumstances . The Company will, at any time during the pendency of a Placement Notice, advise the Agent promptly after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document required to be provided to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

(j) Due Diligence Cooperation . The Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agent or its representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Company s principal offices, as the Agent may reasonably request. 

(k) Required Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares . The Company shall disclose, in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in its annual report on Form 10-K to be filed by the Company with the Commission from time to time, the number of the Placement Shares sold through the Agent under this Agreement, and the net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement during the relevant quarter or, in the case of an Annual Report on Form 10-K, during the fiscal year covered by such Annual Report and the fourth quarter of such fiscal year. To the extent that the filing of a prospectus supplement with the Commission with respect to a placement of Placement Shares becomes required under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the Company agrees that on such dates as the Securities Act shall require, the Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, which prospectus supplement will set forth, within the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold through the Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent with respect to such Placement Shares, and (ii) deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus supplement to each exchange or market on which such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange or market. 

(l) Representation Dates; Certificates . (1) On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice and (2) following delivery of the first Placement Notice each time during the term of this Agreement that the Company: 

(i) amends or supplements (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares) the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares; 
 (ii) files an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K); 
 (iii) files its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or 
 (iv) files a current report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act (each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a Representation Date ); 

the Company shall furnish the Agent (but in the case of clause (iv) above only if the Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such Form 8 K is material) with the certificates, in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l)(1) and 7(l)(2). The requirement to provide the certificates under this Section 7(l) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers instructions for the sale of Placement Shares hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Agent with the certificates under this Section 7(l), then before the Company delivers the instructions for the sale of Placement Shares or the Agent sells any Placement Shares pursuant to such instructions, the Company shall provide the Agent with the certificates in conformity with this Section 7(l) dated as of the date that the instructions for the sale of Placement Shares are issued. 
 (m) Legal Opinions . (1) On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice and (2) unless waived by the Agent, the Company shall, within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver certificates pursuant to Section 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, cause to be furnished to the Agent (A) a written opinion and negative assurance letter of Cooley LLP Company Counsel ), or other counsel satisfactory to the Agent and (B) a written opinion of Morrison Foerster LLP IP Counsel ), or other counsel satisfactory to the Agent, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, respectively, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented; provided, however, the Company shall be required to furnish to the Agent no more than one opinion and negative assurance letter from Company Counsel and no more than one opinion from the IP Counsel hereunder per calendar quarter and the Company shall not be required to furnish any such opinions or negative assurance letter if the Company does not intend to deliver a Placement Notice in such calendar quarter until such time as the Company delivers its next Placement Notice; provided, further, that in lieu of such opinions for subsequent periodic filings under the Exchange Act, counsel may furnish the Agent with a letter (a Reliance Letter to the effect that the Agent may rely on a prior opinion delivered under this Section 7(m) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior opinion shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of the date of the Reliance Letter). 

(n) Comfort Letter . (1) On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice and (2) within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver certificates in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l)(1) and 7(l)(2) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, the Company shall cause its independent registered public accounting firm to furnish the Agent letters (the Comfort Letters ), dated the date the Comfort Letter is delivered, which shall meet the requirements set forth in this Section 7(n); provided, that if requested by the Agent, the Company shall cause a Comfort Letter to be furnished to the Agent within ten (10) Trading Days of the date of occurrence of any material transaction or event requiring the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K containing material financial information (including the restatement of the Company s financial statements). The Comfort Letter from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (i) confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), (ii) stating, as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered public offerings (the first such letter, the Initial Comfort Letter and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter. 

(o) Market Activities; Compliance with Regulation M . The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of Common Stock or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Stock in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Agent. Nothing to the contrary in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company, at any time at which a Placement Notice is not in effect, from engaging in sales of its Common Stock through public offerings, private placements or otherwise, including through underwriters or placement agents. 

(p) Investment Company Act . The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries will be or become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, required to register as an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act. 

(q) No Offer to Sell . Other than an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Agent in its capacity as agent hereunder, neither the Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Agent in its capacity as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder. 

(r) Blue Sky and Other Qualifications . The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Agent, to qualify the Placement Shares for offering and sale, or to obtain an exemption for the Placement Shares to be offered and sold, under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Agent may designate and to maintain such qualifications and exemptions in effect for so long as required for the distribution of the Placement Shares (but in no event for less than one year from the date of this Agreement); provided , however , that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Placement Shares have been so qualified or exempt, the Company will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification or exemption, as the case may be, in effect for so long as required for the distribution of the Placement Shares (but in no event for less than one year from the date of this Agreement). 

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley Act . The Company and the Subsidiaries will maintain and keep accurate books and records reflecting their assets and maintain internal accounting controls in a manner designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and including those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the Company s financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with management s and the Company s directors authorization, and (iv) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. The Company and the Subsidiaries will maintain such controls and other procedures, including, without limitation, those required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the applicable regulations thereunder that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to ensure that material information relating to the Company or the Subsidiaries is made known to them by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which such periodic reports are being prepared. 

(t) Secretary s Certificate; Further Documentation . On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Agent a certificate of the Secretary of the Company and attested to by an executive officer of the Company, dated as of such date, certifying as to (i) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, (ii) the by-laws of the Company, (iii) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance of the Placement Shares and (iv) the incumbency of the officers duly authorized to execute this Agreement and the other documents contemplated by this Agreement. Within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Agent such further information, certificates and documents as the Agent may reasonably request. 

8. Payment of Expenses . The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement, including any fees required by the Commission, and the printing or electronic delivery of the Prospectus as originally filed and of each amendment and supplement thereto, in such number as the Agent shall reasonably deem necessary, (ii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of this Agreement and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates, if any, for the Placement Shares to the Agent, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any capital duties, stamp duties or other duties or taxes payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to the Agent, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Company, (v) the out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent (including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of the counsel to the Agent), payable upon the execution of this Agreement, (a) in an amount not to exceed 75,000 in connection with the execution of this Agreement, (b) in an amount not to exceed 25,000 per calendar quarter thereafter payable in connection with each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, and (c) in an amount not to exceed 25,000 for each program refresh (filing of a new registration statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement relating to the Placement Shares and/or an amendment of this Agreement) executed pursuant to this Agreement,; (vi) the qualification or exemption of the Placement Shares under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(r) hereof, including filing fees, but excluding fees of the Agent s counsel, (vii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto in such number as the Agent shall reasonably deem necessary, (viii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of the blue sky survey, (ix) the fees and expenses of the transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, (x) the filing and other fees incident to any review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Placement Shares including the fees of the Agent s counsel (subject to the cap, set forth in clause (v) above), and (xi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange. The Company agrees to pay the fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent set forth in clause (v) above by wire transfer of immediately available funds directly to such counsel upon presentation of an invoice containing the requisite payment information prepared by such counsel. 

9. Representations and Covenants of the Agent . The Agent represents and warrants that it is duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which the Agent is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required. The Agent shall continue, for the term of this Agreement, to be duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which the Agent is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required, during the term of this Agreement. The Agent will comply with all applicable law and regulations in connection with the Placement Shares, including but not limited to Regulation M. 

10. Conditions to the Agent s Obligations . The obligations of the Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein, to the due performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to it in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions: 

(a) Registration Statement Effective . The Registration Statement shall have become effective and shall be available for the (i) resale of all Placement Shares issued to the Agents and not yet sold by the Agents and (ii) sale of all Placement Shares contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice. 

(b) No Material Notices . None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company of any request for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state Governmental Authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus if such post-effective amendments or supplements have not been made and become effective; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state Governmental Authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; or (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or material incorporated documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and so that, in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) No Misstatement or Material Omission . The Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agent s reasonable opinion is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agent s reasonable opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(d) Material Changes . Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Company s reports filed with the Commission, there shall not have been any material adverse change in the authorized capital stock of the Company or any Material Adverse Effect or any development that would reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, or a downgrading in or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Company s securities (other than asset backed securities) by any rating organization or a public announcement by any rating organization that it has under surveillance or review its rating of any of the Company s securities (other than asset backed securities), the effect of which, in the case of any such action by a rating organization described above, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus. 

(e) Legal Opinions . The Agent shall have received the opinions and negative assurance letters, as applicable, of Company Counsel and the IP Counsel required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(m) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(m). 

(f) Comfort Letter . The Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(n) on or before the date on which such delivery of such Comfort Letter is required pursuant to Section 7(n). 

(g) Representation Certificates . The Agent shall have received the certificates required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(l) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificates are required pursuant to Section 7(l). 

(h) No Suspension . Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended on the Exchange and the Common Stock shall not have been delisted from the Exchange. 

(i) Other Materials . On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(l), the Company shall have furnished to the Agent such appropriate further information, certificates and other documents as the Agent may reasonably request and which are customarily furnished by an issuer of securities in connection with a securities offering. All such certificates and other documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof. 

(j) Securities Act Filings Made . All filings with the Commission with respect to the Placement Shares required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424. 

(k) Approval for Listing . The Placement Shares shall either have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to notice of issuance, or the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange at, or prior to, the issuance of any Placement Notice and the Exchange shall have reviewed such application and not provided any objections thereto. 

(l) FINRA . If applicable, FINRA shall have raised no objection to the terms of this offering and the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Agent as described in the Prospectus. 

(m) No Termination Event . There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 13(a). 

11. Indemnification and Contribution . 

(a) Company Indemnification . The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed or withheld; and 

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above, 

provided , however , that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information (as defined below). 
 (b) Agent Indemnification . The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each officer and director of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 11(a), as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendments thereto) or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use therein. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Agent has furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the seventh and eighth paragraphs under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus (the Agent Information ). 

(c) Procedure . Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 11 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 11, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 11 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 11 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party after the indemnifying party receives a written invoice relating to the fees, disbursements and other charges in reasonable detail. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 11 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (1) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (2) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(d) Contribution . In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 11 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable from the Company or the Agent, the Company and the Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total Net Proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Agent (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 11(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense, or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 11(d) shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 11(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 11(c) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11(d), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 11(d), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Agent, will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each officer and director of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 11(d), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 11(d) except to the extent 

that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 11(c) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 11(c) hereof. 

12. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery . The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 11 of this Agreement and all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive, as of their respective dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, any controlling persons, or the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement. 

13. Termination . 

(a) The Agent may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, as hereinafter specified at any time (1) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the business, properties, earnings, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, which individually or in the aggregate, in the sole judgment of the Agent is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement Shares, (2) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement Shares, (3) if trading in the Common Stock has been suspended or limited by the Commission or the Exchange, or if trading generally on the Exchange has been suspended or limited, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed on the Exchange, (4) if any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market shall have occurred and be continuing, (5) if a major disruption of securities settlements or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred and be continuing, or (6) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal or New York authorities. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 8 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 13(a), the Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 14 (Notices). 

(b) The Company shall have the right, by giving five (5) days notice as hereinafter specified to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 8, Section 11, Section 12, Section 18 and Section 19 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(c) The Agent shall have the right, by giving ten (10) days notice as hereinafter specified to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 8, Section 11, Section 12, Section 18 and Section 19 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(d) This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 13(a), (b), or (c) above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 8, Section 11, Section 12, Section 18 and Section 19 shall remain in full force and effect. 

(e) Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agent or the Company, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

14. Notices . All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Agent, shall be delivered to: 

Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 
 499 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention:	Capital Markets 
 Facsimile:	(212) 307-3730 
 
 with copies to 
 
 Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 
 499 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention:	General Counsel 
 Email:		legal-IBD@cantor.com 
 
 and with a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 
 
 Latham Watkins LLP 
 12670 High Bluff Drive San Diego, CA 92130 

Attention:	Michael E. Sullivan Facsimile:	(858) 523-5450 
 and if to the Company, shall be delivered to: 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated 
 280 East Grand Avenue 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 Attention:	Chief Financial Officer Facsimile:	(650) 624-1133 
 Copy to:	General Counsel 
 with a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 
 Cooley LLP 
 1700 Seventh Avenue 
 , Suite 1900 
 Seattle, WA 98101 
 Attn: Alan Hambelton 
 Fax: (206) 452-8800 
 
 Each party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) by Electronic Notice as set forth in the next paragraph, (iii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier or (iv) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day shall mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business. 
 An electronic communication Electronic Notice shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 14 if sent to the electronic mail address specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending Electronic Notice receives verification of receipt by the receiving party. Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form Nonelectronic Notic e which shall be sent to the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice. 

15. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Agent and their respective successors and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 11 hereof. References to any of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that the Agent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate, so long as such affiliate is a registered broker-dealer, thereof without obtaining the Company s consent. 

16. Adjustments for Stock Splits . The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any stock split, stock dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Placement Shares. 

17. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability; Waiver . This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Agent. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement. No implied waiver by a party shall arise in the absence of a waiver in writing signed by such party. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power, or privilege hereunder. 

18. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

19. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM OR THAT THE VENUE OF SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF (CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED) TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. 

20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

21. Construction . The section and exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. References herein to any law, statute, ordinance, code, regulation, rule or other requirement of any Governmental Authority shall be deemed to refer to such law, statute, ordinance, code, regulation, rule or other requirement of any Governmental Authority as amended, reenacted, supplemented or superseded in whole or in part and in effect from time to time and also to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

22. Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses . 

The Company represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and the Agent represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Agent or by the Company, as the case may be, is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and warrants that it has treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. For the purposes of clarity, the parties hereto agree that all free writing prospectuses, if any, listed in Exhibit 22 hereto are Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. 
 23. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship . 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that: 
 (a) the Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the public offering of the Placement Shares and in connection with each transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company or any of its respective affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether or not the Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Agent has no obligation to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; 

(b) it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(c) the Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and it has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate; 

(d) it is aware that the Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and the Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and 

(e) it waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the sale of Placement Shares under this Agreement and agrees that the Agent shall not have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to it in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on its behalf or in right of it or the Company, employees or creditors of Company. 

24. Effect of Prior Agreement . Reference is hereby made to that certain Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement dated March 6, 2019 between the Company and Agent (the Prior Agreement ). The Agent and the Company (a) agree that, concurrently with the effectiveness of this Agreement on the date hereof, the Prior Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated and superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and shall be of no further force or effect, but subject, however, to Section 24 of the Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement dated November 3, 2017 between the Company and the Agent (the 2017 Agreement ), which provides that certain terms and provisions of the 2017 Agreement shall survive termination and remain in full force and effect and (b) waive any advance notice required by Section 13 of the 2017 Agreement with respect to the termination of the 2017 Agreement. 

25. Definitions . 

As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below: 
 Applicable Time means (i) each Representation Date, (ii) the time of each sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) each Settlement Date. 
 Governmental Authority means (i) any federal, provincial, state, local, municipal, national or international government or governmental authority, regulatory or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, court, tribunal, arbitrator or arbitral body (public or private); (ii) any self-regulatory organization; or (iii) any political subdivision of any of the foregoing. 
 Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, relating to the Placement Shares that (1) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (2) is a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (3) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Placement Shares or of the offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Company s records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the Securities Act Regulations. 
 Rule 164 , Rule 172 , Rule 405 , Rule 415 , Rule 424 , Rule 424(b) , Rule 430B , and Rule 433 refer to such rules under the Securities Act Regulations. 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be. 
 All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; all references in this Agreement to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that, pursuant to Rule 433, are not required to be filed with the Commission) shall be deemed to include the copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; and all references in this Agreement to supplements to the Prospectus shall include, without limitation, any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with any offering, sale or private placement of any Placement Shares by the Agent outside of the United States. 
 [ Signature Page Follows ] 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Agent. 
 Very truly yours, 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 

By: 
 /s/ Robert Blum 

Name: Robert I. Blum 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above written: 

CANTOR FITZGERALD CO. 

By: 
 /s/ Sage Kelly 

Name: Sage Kelly 

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature Page] 
 Cytokinetics, Incorporated Sales Agreement 

SCHEDULE 1 
 
 __________________________ 
 FORM OF PLACEMENT NOTICE 
 __________________________ 
 
 From: 	Cytokinetics, Incorporated 
 To: 	 Cantor Fitzg erald Co. 
 	 Attention: _____________________ 
 Subject: 	Placement Notice 
 Date:	[ ], 202[ ] 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement between Cytokinetics, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agent ), dated March 1, 2023, the Company hereby requests that the Agent sell up to ____________ of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a minimum market price of _______ per share, during the time period beginning [month, day, time] and ending [month, day, time]. 

SCHEDULE 2 
 
 __________________________ 
 Compensation 
 __________________________ 
 
 The Company shall pay to the Agent in cash, upon each sale of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to 3.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares. 

SCHEDULE 3 
 
 __________________________ 
 Notice Parties 
 __________________________ 
 
 The Company 
 Robert Blum (rblum@cytokinetics.com) 
 Ching Jaw (cjaw@cytokinetics.com) 
 The Agent 
 Sameer Vasudev (svasudev@cantor.com) 
 Controlled Equity Offering Group (CFCEO@cantor.com) 

SCHEDULE 4 
 
 __________________________ 
 Subsidiaries 
 __________________________ 
 
 Cytokinetics (Bermuda) Ltd. 

EXHIBIT 7(l)(1) 
 Form of Representation Date Certificate 
 The undersigned, the duly qualified and elected , of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify in such capacity and on behalf of the Company, pursuant to Section 7(l) of the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement, dated March 1, 2023 (the Sales Agreement ), between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., that to the best of the knowledge of the undersigned: 
 (i) The representations and warranties of the Company in Section 6 of the Sales Agreement (A) to the extent such representations and warranties are subject to qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof, except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date, and (B) to the extent such representations and warranties are not subject to any qualifications or exceptions, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof, except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date; and 
 (ii) The Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the Sales Agreement at or prior to the date hereof. 
 Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sales Agreement. 

CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 

By: 

Name: ________________________________ 

Title: ________________________________ 

Date: __________________ 

EXHIBIT 7(l)(2) 
 CYTOKINETICS, INCORPORATED 
 CFO CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 7(l) OF THE SALES AGREEMENT 
 [__________, 202__] 

I, the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and, solely in my capacity as such, and based upon an examination of the Company s consolidated audited and unaudited financial records and statements undertaken by myself or members of my staff who are responsible for the Company s financial and accounting matters, do hereby certify that (capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sales Agreement): 

(a) I am providing this certificate in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of shares of the Company s common stock having aggregate sale proceeds of up to 35 million, pursuant to the Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement, dated as of March [1], 2023 (the Sales Agreement ), between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agent ), as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus (the Offering ). 

(b) I am the duly elected, qualified and acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company and am providing this certificate based on my examination of the internal accounting records of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

(c) I am knowledgeable with respect to the internal accounting records and internal accounting practices, policies, procedures and controls of the Company and its subsidiaries and have responsibility for financial and accounting matters with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries. 

(d) I have reviewed the financial data and information identified by the Agent in certain pages from, or incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, attached hereto as Annex A (the Identified Information and have compared such Identified Information to the accounting records of the Company and determined that such Identified Information is true, correct and accurate in all material respects and that the Identified Information does not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(e) This certificate has been prepared for the benefit of the Agent in connection with the Offering, and the Agent is entitled to reasonably rely on this CFO Certificate for any purpose related to the Offering. 

Latham Watkins LLP and Cooley LLP are entitled to rely on this certificate in connection with the respective opinions or negative assurance letters such firms are rendering pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 [ signature page follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand as of the date first written above. 

Name: ________________________________ 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 22 
 Permitted Free Writing Prospectus 
 None. 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 17
 cytk-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 1) Registration Statements (Form S-3 Nos. 333-234537, and 333-268483) of Cytokinetics, Incorporated, and 

2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-115146, 333-125973, 333-133323, 333-136524, 333-140963, 333-149713, 333-152850, 333-161116, 333-168520, 333-176089, 333-183091, 333-190458, 333-206101, 333-221348, 333-236889, 333-238786, 333-256054, 333-260840 and 333-265316) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan of Cytokinetics, Incorporated; 

of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Cytokinetics, Incorporated and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Cytokinetics, Incorporated included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Cytokinetics, Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 18
 cytk-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert I. Blum, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cytokinetics, Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert I. Blum 

Robert I. Blum, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 19
 cytk-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ching W. Jaw, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cytokinetics, Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ching W. Jaw 

Ching W. Jaw, 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 20
 cytk-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert C. Wong, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cytokinetics, Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert C. Wong 

Robert C. Wong, 

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 21
 cytk-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cytokinetics, Incorporated (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), each of the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert I. Blum 

Robert I. Blum, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ching W. Jaw 

Ching W. Jaw, 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert C. Wong 

Robert C. Wong, 

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 31
 cytk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 32
 cytk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 33
 cytk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 34
 cytk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 35
 cytk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

