<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1046025_0001046025-23-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23903217</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342502</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2882641</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9983553</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5195564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5012719</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001046025-23-000039.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224161447
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001046025-23-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORP /WA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001046025
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				911857900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29480
		FILM NUMBER:		23667438

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 FIFTH AVENUE S.W.
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1578
		CITY:			OLYMPIA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3609431500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 5TH AVE SW
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1578
		CITY:			OLYMPIA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001046025-23-000039.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 hfwa-20221231.htm
 10-K

hfwa-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of its common stock on such date, on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, of 25.16 per share, and 34,559,081 shares held by non-affiliates was . The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of February 14, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS, ABBREVIATIONS AND TERMS 
 4 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 5 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 6 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 15 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 25 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 25 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 25 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 25 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 
 OVERVIEW 
 27 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 28 
 AVERAGE BALANCES, YIELDS AND RATES PAID 
 28 
 NET INTEREST INCOME AND MARGIN OVERVIEW 
 28 
 PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES OVERVIEW 
 30 
 NONINTEREST INCOME OVERVIEW 
 31 
 NONINTEREST EXPENSE OVERVIEW 
 31 
 INCOME TAX EXPENSE OVERVIEW 
 32 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION OVERVIEW 
 32 
 INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES OVERVIEW 
 33 
 LOAN PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW 
 34 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS OVERVIEW 
 36 
 DEPOSITS OVERVIEW 
 38 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY OVERVIEW 
 39 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 39 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 40 
 RECONCILIATIONS OF NON-GAAP MEASURES 
 41 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 42 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 44 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: 
 44 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 46 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 47 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 48 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 49 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 202 1 AND 2020 
 50 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 52 
 NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 52 
 NOTE 2. INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
 60 
 NOTE 3. LOANS RECEIVABLE 
 63 
 NOTE 4. ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS 
 73 
 NOTE 5. OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED 
 75 
 NOTE 6. PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 
 76 
 NOTE 7. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 76 
 NOTE 8. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 77 
 NOTE 9. DEPOSITS 
 77 
 NOTE 10. JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 
 78 
 NOTE 11. SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENT TO REPURCHASE 
 78 
 NOTE 12. OTHER BORROWINGS 
 78 
 NOTE 13. LEASES 
 79 
 NOTE 14. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
 80 
 NOTE 15. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 81 
 NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 82 
 NOTE 17. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 86 
 NOTE 18. CASH RESTRICTION 
 88 
 NOTE 19. INCOME TAXES 
 88 
 NOTE 20. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 90 
 NOTE 21. REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
 91 
 NOTE 22. HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) 
 91 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 93 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 93 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 93 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 93 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 93 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 94 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 94 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 94 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 94 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 94 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 96 
 SIGNATURES 
 96 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Glossary of Acronyms, Abbreviations, and Terms 
 The acronyms, abbreviations, and terms listed below are used in various sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As used throughout this report, the terms we , our , or us refer to Heritage Financial Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 ACL Allowance for credit losses AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Bank Heritage Bank BOLI Bank owned life insurance CA Act Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 
 CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 CECL Current Expected Credit Loss CECL Adoption Bank's adoption on January 1, 2020 of FASB ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , as amended, which replaces the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the CECL methodology 
 CMO Collateralized Mortgage Obligation Company Heritage Financial Corporation COVID Modifications Loans with modifications made in compliance with the CARES Act, as amended, and related regulatory guidance COVID-19 Pandemic Coronavirus Disease of 2019 Pandemic CRE Commercial real estate DEI Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DFI Division of Banks of the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions Economic Growth Act Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act Equity Plan Heritage Financial Corporation 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan, as amended Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve Bank Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines FOMC Federal Open Market Committee within the Federal Reserve System Form 10-K Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles LIBOR London Interbank Offering Rate LIHTC Low-Income Housing Tax Credit NMTC New Market Tax Credits MBS Mortgage-backed security OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency PCD Purchased Credit Deteriorated; loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination for which it is probable that not all contractually required payments will be collected; accounted for under FASB ASC 326 Plan Heritage Financial Corporation 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust PPP Paycheck Protection Program Proxy Statement Definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 3, 2023 Related Party Certain directors, executive officers and their affiliates ROU Right-of-Use SBA Small Business Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SM Special Mention SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 4 

Table of Contents 

SS Substandard TDR Troubled debt restructured Unfunded Commitments Off-balance sheet credit exposures such as loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other similar instruments USDA United States Department of Agriculture 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, are based on certain assumptions and often include the words believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, forecasts, intends, plans, targets, potentially, probably, projects, outlook or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would and could. These statements relate to our financial condition, results of operations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, assumptions and statements about future performance or business. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Moreover, you should treat these statements as speaking only as of the date they are made and based only on information then actually known to the Company. The Company does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements by, or on behalf of, us, and could negatively affect the Company s operating results and stock price performance. These risks include, but are not limited to: 
 potential adverse impacts to economic conditions nationally or in our local market areas, other markets where the Company has lending relationships, or to other aspects of the Company s business operations or financial markets, including, without limitation, as a result of employment levels, labor shortages and the effects of inflation, a potential recession or slowed economic growth caused by increasing political instability from acts of war including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, as well as increasing prices and supply chain disruptions, and any governmental or societal responses to new COVID-19 variants; 
 the credit risks of lending activities, including changes in the level and trend of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in our ACL on loans and provision for credit losses on loans that may be affected by deterioration in the housing and CRE markets, which may lead to increased losses and nonperforming assets in our loan portfolio, and may result in our ACL on loans no longer being adequate to cover actual losses, and require us to increase our ACL on loans; 
 changes in the levels of general interest rates, and the relative differences between short-term and long-term interest rates, deposit interest rates, our net interest margin and funding sources; 
 the transition away from LIBOR toward new interest rate benchmarks; 
 the impact of repricing and competitors' pricing initiatives on loan and deposit products; 
 fluctuations in the demand for loans, the number of unsold homes and other properties and fluctuations in real estate values in our market areas; 
 secondary market conditions for loans and our ability to sell loans in the secondary market; 
 results of examinations of us by the bank regulators, including the possibility that any such regulatory authority may, among other things, initiate an enforcement action against the Company or our bank subsidiary which could require us to increase our ACL on loans, write-down assets, change our regulatory capital position, affect our ability to borrow funds or maintain or increase deposits, or impose additional requirements on us, any of which could affect our ability to continue our growth through mergers, acquisitions or similar transactions and adversely affect our liquidity and earnings; 
 legislative or regulatory changes that adversely affect our business, including changes in banking, securities and tax law, in regulatory policies and principles, or the interpretation of regulatory capital or other rules, and including changes as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic; 
 our ability to attract and retain deposits; 
 liquidity issues, including our ability to borrow funds or raise additional capital, if necessary; 
 our ability to control operating costs and expenses; 
 effects of critical accounting policies and judgements, including the use of estimates in determining fair value of certain of our assets, which estimates may prove to be incorrect and result in significant declines in valuation; 
 the effectiveness of our risk management framework; 
 staffing fluctuations in response to product demand or the implementation of corporate strategies that affect our workforce and potential associated charges; 
 our ability to keep pace with the rate of technological advances; 
 disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events, failures or interruptions in, or attacks on, our information technology systems or on the third-party vendors who perform several of our critical processing functions; 
 our ability to retain key members of our senior management team; 
 costs and effects of litigation, including settlements and judgments; 
 our ability to implement our business strategies and manage our growth; 
 our ability to successfully integrate any assets, liabilities, customers, systems, and management personnel we may acquire into our operations and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames or at all, and any goodwill charges related thereto and costs or difficulties relating to integration matters, including but not limited to customer and employee retention, which might be greater than expected; 
 future goodwill impairment due to changes in our business, market conditions, or other factors; 
 changes arising from acquiring assets or expanding into new geographic markets, products, pr services; 
 increased competitive pressures among financial service companies; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 
 the availability of resources to address changes in laws, rules, or regulations or to respond to regulatory actions; 
 our ability to pay dividends on our common stock; 
 the quality and composition of our securities portfolio and the impact of any adverse changes in the securities markets, including on market liquidity; 
 inability of key third-party providers to perform their obligations to us; 
 changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the financial institution regulatory agencies or the FASB, including additional guidance and interpretation on accounting issues and details of the implementation of new accounting methods; 
 the effects of climate change, severe weather events, natural disasters, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises, acts of war or terrorism, and other external events on our business; 
 other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, and technological factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services; and 
 other risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Heritage Financial Corporation is a bank holding company that was incorporated in the State of Washington in August 1997. We are primarily engaged in the business of planning, directing, and coordinating the business activities of our wholly owned subsidiary and single reportable segment, Heritage Bank. 
 Heritage Bank is headquartered in Olympia, Washington and conducts business from its 50 branch offices located throughout Washington State, the greater Portland, Oregon area and Eugene, Oregon as of December 31, 2022. On January 10, 2023, the Company opened its 51st branch in Boise, Idaho which is the first branch in Idaho. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC. 
 Our business consists primarily of commercial lending and deposit relationships with small and medium-sized businesses and their owners in our market areas and attracting deposits from the general public. We also make real estate construction and land development loans, consumer loans and residential real estate loans for sale or investment purposes on residential properties located primarily in our market. 
 Business Strategy 
 We are committed to being the leading commercial community bank in the Pacific Northwest by continuously improving customer satisfaction, employee empowerment, community investment and shareholder value. Our commitment defines our relationships, sets expectations for our actions and directs decision-making in these four fundamental areas. We will seek to achieve our business goals through the following strategies: 
 Expand geographically as opportunities present themselves. We are committed to continuing the controlled expansion of our franchise through strategic acquisitions designed to increase our market share and enhance franchise value. We believe that consolidation across the community bank landscape will continue to take place and further believe that, with our capital and liquidity positions, our approach to credit management, and our extensive acquisition experience, we are well-positioned to take advantage of acquisitions or other business opportunities in our market areas. In markets where we wish to enter or expand our business, we will also consider opening de novo branches typically in conjunction with hiring commercial lending and deposit teams. In the past, we have successfully integrated acquired institutions and opened de novo branches. We will continue to be disciplined and opportunistic as it pertains to future acquisitions and de novo branching, focusing on the Pacific Northwest markets we know and understand. 
 Focus on asset quality. A strong credit culture is a high priority for us. We have a well-developed credit approval structure that has enabled us to maintain a standard of asset quality that we believe has moderate risk while at the same time allowing us to achieve our lending objectives. We will continue to focus on loan types and markets that we know well and where we have a historical record of success. We focus on loan relationships that are well-diversified in both size and industry types. With respect to commercial business lending, which is our predominant lending activity, we view ourselves as cash-flow lenders obtaining additional support from realistic collateral values, personal guarantees and other secondary sources of repayment. We have a problem loan resolution process that is focused on quick detection and implementing feasible solutions and subject our loans to periodic internal loan reviews. 
 Maintain a strong balance sheet. In addition to our focus on underwriting, we believe the strength of our balance sheet provides us with the flexibility to manage through a variety of scenarios including additional growth-related activities. As of December 31, 2022, our liquidity position was 103.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and 2.10 billion in total investment securities. See also "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" of this Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022, the regulatory capital ratios of the Bank were well in excess of the levels required for well-capitalized status, and our consolidated common equity tier 1 capital ratio, leverage ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, and total capital ratio were 12.8 , 9.7 , 13.2 and 14.0 , respectively. 
 Focused deposit growth. Our strategic focus is to continuously grow deposits with emphasis on total relationship banking with our business and retail customers. We continue to seek to increase our market share in the communities we serve by providing exceptional customer service, focusing on relationship development with local businesses and strategic branch 
 6 

Table of Contents 

expansion. Our primary focus is to maintain a high level of non-maturity deposits to internally fund our loan growth with a low reliance on maturity (certificate) deposits. At December 31, 2022, our non-maturity deposits were 94.8 of our total deposits. Our technology-based products, including online personal financial management, business cash management and business remote deposit products enable us to compete effectively with banks of all sizes. Our retail and commercial management teams are well-seasoned and have strong ties to the communities we serve with a strong focus on relationship building and customer service. 
 Emphasize business relationships with a focus on commercial lending . We will continue to market primarily commercial business loans and the deposit balances that accompany these relationships. Our seasoned lending staff has extensive knowledge and can add value through a focused advisory role that we believe strengthens our customer relationships and develops loyalty. We currently have and will seek to maintain a diversified portfolio of lending relationships without significant concentrations in any industry. 
 Recruit and retain highly competent personnel to execute our strategies. Our compensation and staff development programs are aligned with our strategies to grow our loans and non-maturity deposits while maintaining our focus on asset quality. Our incentive systems are designed to achieve balanced, high quality asset growth while maintaining appropriate mechanisms to reduce or eliminate incentive payments when appropriate. Our equity compensation programs and retirement benefits are designed to build and encourage employee ownership at all levels of the Company and we align employee performance objectives with corporate growth strategies and shareholder value. We have a strong corporate culture, which is supported by our commitment to internal development and promotion from within as well as the retention of management and officers in key roles. 
 There have been no material changes to our business strategy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, except for our participation in the SBA's PPP program which expired on May 31,2021. 
 History 
 The Bank was established in 1927 as a federally-chartered mutual savings bank. In 1992, the Bank converted to a state-chartered mutual savings bank under the name Heritage Savings Bank. Through the mutual holding company reorganization of the Bank and the subsequent conversion of the mutual holding company, the Bank became a stock savings bank and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company effective August 1997. Effective September 1, 2004, Heritage Savings Bank switched its charter from a state-chartered savings bank to a state-chartered commercial bank and changed its legal name from Heritage Savings Bank to Heritage Bank. The following table lists major combinations completed by the Company: 
 Type of Combination Date of Combination Acquired Holding Company Name Acquired Bank Name Total Assets Acquired (in millions) Acquisition June 1998 North Pacific Bancorporation North Pacific Bank 85 Acquisition March 1999 Washington Independent Bancshares, Inc. Central Valley Bank 61 Acquisition June 2006 Western Washington Bancorporation Washington State Bank, N.A. 57 FDIC Assisted Purchase August 2010 n/a Cowlitz Bank 345 FDIC Assisted Purchase November 2010 n/a Pierce Commercial Bank 211 Acquisition January 2013 n/a Northwest Commercial Bank 65 Acquisition July 2013 Valley Community Bancshares, Inc. Valley Bank 237 Merger May 2014 Washington Banking Company Whidbey Island Bank 1,657 Acquisition January 2018 Puget Sound Bancorp, Inc. Puget Sound Bank 571 Acquisition July 2018 Premier Commercial Bancorp Premier Community Bank 387 
 Description of Business 
 Retail Banking 
 We offer a full range of products and services to customers for personal and business banking needs designed to attract both short-term and long-term deposits. Deposits are our primary source of funds. Our personal and business banking customers have the option of selecting from a variety of accounts. The major categories of deposit accounts that we offer are described below. These accounts, with the exception of noninterest demand accounts, generally earn interest at rates established by management based on competitive market factors and management s desire to increase or decrease certain types or maturities of deposits. 
 Noninterest Demand Deposits. Deposits are noninterest bearing and may be charged service fees based on activity and balances. 
 Interest Bearing Demand Deposits. Deposits are interest bearing and may be charged service fees based on activity and balances. Interest bearing demand deposits pay interest, but require a higher minimum balance to avoid service charges. 
 Money Market Accounts. Deposits pay an interest rate that is tiered depending on the balance maintained in the account. Minimum opening balances vary. 
 Savings Accounts. Deposits are interest bearing provided that a minimum balance is maintained to avoid service charges. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Certificate of Deposit Accounts. Deposits require a minimum deposit of 2,500 and have maturities ranging from three months to five years. Jumbo certificate of deposit accounts are offered in amounts of 100,000 or more for terms of seven days to one year. 
 Our personal checking accounts feature an array of benefits and options, including online banking, online statements, mobile banking with mobile deposit, VISA debit cards and access to more than 37,000 surcharge free Automated Teller Machines through the MoneyPass network. 
 We also offer investment advice through a Wealth Management department that provides objective advice from trusted advisers. 
 Lending Activities 
 Our lending activities are conducted through the Bank. While our focus is on commercial business lending, we also originate consumer loans, real estate construction and land development loans, and residential real estate loans both held for sale and investment. Our loans are originated under policies that are reviewed and approved annually by our Board of Directors. In addition, we have established internal lending guidelines that are updated as needed. These policies and guidelines address underwriting standards, structure and rate considerations, and compliance with laws, regulations and internal lending limits. We conduct post-approval reviews on selected loans and routinely perform internal loan reviews of our loan portfolio to confirm credit quality, proper documentation and compliance with laws and regulations. Loan repayments are considered one of the primary sources of funding for the Bank. 
 Commercial Business Lending 
 At December 31, 2022 we had 3.22 billion, or 79.4 of our loans receivable, in commercial business loans. We offer different types of commercial business loans, including lines of credit, term equipment financing and term owner-occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans. We also originate loans that are guaranteed by the U.S. SBA, for which the Bank is a preferred lender , the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Before extending credit to a business, we review and analyze the borrower s management ability, financial history, including cash flow of the borrower and all guarantors, and the liquidation value of the collateral. Emphasis is placed on having a comprehensive understanding of the borrower s global cash flow and performing necessary financial due diligence. 
 We originate commercial real estate loans within our primary market areas with a preference for loans secured by owner-occupied properties. Our underwriting standards require that non-owner occupied and owner-occupied commercial real estate loans not exceed 75 and 80 , respectively, of the lower of appraised value at origination or cost of the underlying collateral. Cash flow debt coverage covenant requirements typically range from 1.15 times to 1.25 times, depending on the type of property. Actual debt service coverage is usually higher than required covenant thresholds, as loan sizing requires sensitized coverage using an "underwriting" interest rate that is higher than the note rate. 
 Commercial real estate loans typically involve a greater degree of risk than residential real estate loans. Payments on loans secured by commercial real estate properties are dependent on successful operation and management of the properties and repayment of these loans may be affected by adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. We seek to minimize these risks by determining the financial condition of the borrower and any tenants, the quality and value of the collateral, and the management of the property securing the loan. We also generally obtain personal guarantees from the owners of the collateral after a thorough review of personal financial statements. In addition, we review a majority of the individual loans within our commercial real estate loan portfolio annually for various performance related criteria and stress-test loans for potential changes in interest rates, occupancy and collateral values. 
 See also, Item 1A. Risk Factors Our loan portfolio is concentrated in loans with a higher risk of loss. 
 The Bank may enter into non-hedging interest rate swap contracts with commercial customers to accommodate their business needs. For additional information, see Note (8) Derivative Financial Instruments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 We participated in the PPP which is administered by the SBA. The CARES Act initially amended the SBA s loan program to create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the PPP, to fund payroll and operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the COVID-19 Pandemic. Through the conclusion of the program on May 31, 2021, the Bank had funded 7,184 SBA PPP loans totaling 1.28 billion with an average loan size of 178,000. As of December 31, 2022, total funded SBA PPP loans decreased to 1.5 million, net of unamortized net deferred fees of 103,000, due primarily to principal and interest forgiveness payments from the SBA as the Bank began accepting and processing the forgiveness applications during the three months ended December 31, 2020. 
 Residential Real Estate Loans, Originations and Sales 
 At December 31, 2022, residential real estate loans totaled 343.6 million, or 8.5 of our loans receivable. The majority of our residential real estate loans are secured by single-family residences located in our primary market areas. Our underwriting standards require that residential real estate loans generally are owner-occupied and do not exceed 80 of the lower of appraised value at origination or cost of the underlying collateral. Terms typically range from 15 to 30 years. As part of our asset/liability management strategy, we may also sell originated residential real estate loans in the secondary market with no recourse and servicing released. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Real Estate Construction and Land Development 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 294.1 million, or 7.3 of our loans receivable, in real estate construction and land development loans, including residential construction loans and commercial and multifamily construction loans. 
 We originate residential construction loans for the construction of single-family custom homes (where the homeowner is the borrower). We also provide financing to builders for the construction of pre-sold homes and speculative residential property. Because of the higher risks present in the residential construction industry, our lending to builders is limited to those who have demonstrated a favorable record of performance and who are building in markets that management understands. We further endeavor to limit our construction lending risk through adherence to strict underwriting guidelines and procedures. Speculative construction loans are short term in nature and have a variable rate of interest. We require builders to have tangible equity in each construction project; have prompt and thorough documentation of all draw requests; and we inspect the project prior to paying any draw requests. 
 Commercial and multifamily construction loans also have a higher risk because of the construction element and lease-up, if not pre-leased. As a result, this type of construction loan is made only to strong borrowers with sufficient equity into the project and additional resources they can draw on if needed. The Bank performs due diligence to gain comfort that the experience of the general contractor is sufficient to finish the project on budget and on time. Project feasibility is also important and our lenders ensure the project is economically viable. Commercial and multifamily construction loans are monitored through cost reviews, regulatory-compliant appraisals, sufficient equity, engineering inspections and controlled disbursements. 
 See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Our loan portfolio is concentrated in loans with a higher risk of loss. 
 Consumer 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 195.9 million, or 4.8 of our loans receivable, in consumer loans. We originate consumer loans and lines of credit that are both secured and unsecured. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2020, we ceased indirect auto loan originations, which are classified as consumer loans within loans receivable. These indirect consumer loans are secured by new and used automobile and recreational vehicles and were originated indirectly by established and well-known dealers located in our market areas. In addition, the indirect loans purchased were made to only prime borrowers. At December 31, 2022, we had 62.9 million, or 1.6 of our loans receivable, in indirect auto loans remaining which is a decrease of 54.4 million or 46.4 from 117.3 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, and supervision under federal law and the law of Washington State, which are both primarily intended to protect depositors and the FDIC, and not shareholders. Additionally, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is responsible for the implementation of the federal financial consumer protection and fair lending laws and regulations and has authority to impose new requirements. 
 Any change in applicable laws, regulations, or regulatory policies may have a material effect on our business, operations, and prospects. We cannot predict the nature or the extent of the effects on our business and earnings that any fiscal or monetary policies or new Federal or State laws may have in the future. 
 The following is a summary discussion of certain laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the Bank which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual laws and regulations. 
 Heritage Financial Corporation 
 As a bank holding company registered with the Federal Reserve, we are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the regulations of the Federal Reserve. This regulation and supervision is generally intended to ensure that we limit our activities to those allowed by law and that we operate in a safe and sound manner without endangering the financial health of the Bank. We are required to file annual and periodic reports with the Federal Reserve and provide additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. The Federal Reserve may examine us, and any of our subsidiaries, and assess us for the cost of such examination. 
 The Federal Reserve has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease and desist or removal orders, or require that a holding company divest subsidiaries (including its bank subsidiary). In general, enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. The Federal Reserve may also order termination of non-banking activities by non-banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies, or divestiture of ownership and control of a non-banking subsidiary by a bank holding company. Some violations may also result in criminal penalties. 
 Federal Reserve policy provides that a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks. A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligation to serve as a source of strength by providing financial assistance to a subsidiary bank in financial distress is generally considered by the Federal Reserve to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve s regulations or both. 
 As a bank holding company, we are required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any other bank or bank holding company. Prior Federal Reserve approval is required for any bank holding company to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the acquiring bank holding company would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. In addition to the approval of the Federal Reserve, prior 
 9 

Table of Contents 

approval may for such acquisitions also be necessary from other agencies including the DFI and agencies that regulate the target. In July 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy. Among other initiatives, the Executive Order encouraged federal banking agencies to review their current merger oversight practices and adopt a plan for revitalization of such practices. There are many steps that must be taken by the agencies before any formal changes to the framework for evaluating bank mergers can be finalized and the prospects for such action are uncertain at this time. 
 Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, a bank holding company with an undercapitalized subsidiary bank must guarantee, within limitations, the capital restoration plan that is required to be implemented for its undercapitalized subsidiary bank. If an undercapitalized subsidiary bank fails to file an acceptable capital restoration plan or fails to implement an accepted plan, the Federal Reserve may, among other restrictions, prohibit the bank holding company or its undercapitalized subsidiary bank from paying any dividend or making any other form of capital distribution without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve. Federal Reserve policy also provides that a bank holding company may pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividend and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. 
 Bank regulations also require bank holding companies and banks to maintain minimum capital ratios and a capital conservation buffer. For additional information, see Capital Adequacy below. In addition, under Washington corporate law, a company generally may not pay dividends if, after that payment, the company would not be able to pay its liabilities as they become due in the usual course of business or its total assets would be less than its total liabilities. 
 Any subsidiaries which we may control are considered affiliates of the Company within the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act, and transactions between affiliates are subject to numerous restrictions. With some exceptions, we and our subsidiaries are prohibited from tying the provision of various products or services, such as extensions of credit, to other products or services offered by us, or our affiliates. 
 The stock of the Company is registered with the SEC under the "Exchange Act. As such, the Company is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 Heritage Bank 
 The Bank is a Washington state-chartered commercial bank, the deposits of which are insured by the FDIC, and is subject to regulation by the FDIC and the DFI. 
 Applicable Federal and State statutes and regulations which govern a bank s operations relate to minimum capital requirements, required reserves against deposits, investments, loans, legal lending limits, mergers and consolidation, borrowings, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches, privacy, anti-money laundering and other aspects of its operations, among other things. The DFI and the FDIC also have authority to prohibit banks under their supervision from engaging in what they consider to be unsafe and unsound practices. 
 The Bank is required to file periodic reports with the FDIC and is subject to periodic examinations and evaluations by the FDIC and the DFI. Based upon these evaluations, the regulators may revalue the assets of an institution and require that it establish specific reserves to compensate for the differences between the determined value and the book value of such assets. These examinations must be conducted at least every 12 months. 
 The Bank pays dividends to the Company. The FDIC and the DFI also have the general authority to restrict capital distributions by the Bank, including dividends paid by the Bank to the Company. Such restrictions are generally tied to the Bank s capital levels after giving effect to such distributions. Our long-term ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is based primarily upon the ability of the Bank to make capital distributions to the Company. So long as the Bank remains well-capitalized after each capital distribution, and operates in a safe and sound manner, it is management's belief that the banking regulators will continue to allow the Bank to distribute its earnings to the Company, although no assurance can be given in this regard. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 The Federal Reserve and FDIC have issued substantially similar risk-based and leverage capital regulations applicable to bank holding companies and banks, respectively. In addition, these regulatory agencies may from time to time require that a bank holding company or bank maintain capital above the minimum levels, based on its financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. These regulations implement the regulatory capital reforms required by the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III requirements, a comprehensive capital framework and rules for U.S. banking organizations approved by the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC in 2013. 
 Under these capital regulations, the minimum capital ratios are: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; (2) a leverage ratio (the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total adjusted assets) of 4.0 ; (3) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 of risk-weighted assets; and (4) a total capital ratio of 8.0 of risk-weighted assets. Common equity Tier 1 generally consists of common stock; retained earnings; AOCI unless an institution elects to exclude AOCI from regulatory capital; and certain minority interests; all subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. Tier 1 capital generally consists of common equity Tier 1 and noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital generally consists of other preferred stock and subordinated debt meeting certain conditions plus an amount of the allowance for credit losses up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets. Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. 
 In addition to the minimum common equity Tier 1, Tier 1, leverage ratio and total capital ratios, the Company and the Bank must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional common equity Tier 1 capital greater than 2.5 above the required minimum risk-based capital levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, repurchasing shares, and paying 
 10 

Table of Contents 

discretionary bonuses. To be considered "well capitalized," a bank holding company must have, on a consolidated basis, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater and must not be subject to an individual order, directive or agreement under which the Federal Reserve requires it to maintain a specific capital level. To be considered well capitalized, a depository institution must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , a leverage ratio of at least 5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10 and not be subject to an individualized order, directive or agreement under which its primary federal banking regulator requires it to maintain a specific capital level. 
 The Company s and the Bank's required and actual capital levels as of December 31, 2022 are listed in Note (21) Regulatory Capital Requirements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 Federal statutes establish a supervisory framework for FDIC-insured institutions based on five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. An institution s category depends upon where its capital levels are in relation to relevant capital measures. The well capitalized category is described in the Capital Adequacy section above. An institution that is not well capitalized is subject to certain restrictions on brokered deposits, including restrictions on the rates it can offer on its deposits. To be considered adequately capitalized, an institution must have the minimum capital ratios described in the Capital Adequacy section above. Any institution which is neither well capitalized nor adequately capitalized is considered undercapitalized. 
 Undercapitalized institutions are subject to certain prompt corrective action requirements, regulatory controls and restrictions which become more extensive as an institution becomes more severely undercapitalized. Failure by a bank to comply with applicable capital requirements would result in progressively more severe restrictions on its activities and lead to enforcement actions, including, but not limited to, the issuance of a capital directive to ensure the maintenance of required capital levels and, ultimately, the appointment of the FDIC as receiver or conservator. Banking regulators will take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. Additionally, approval of any regulatory application filed for their review may be dependent on compliance with capital requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank met all minimum capital requirements and the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. See Note (21) Regulatory Capital Requirements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 Commercial Real Estate Transactions 
 The federal banking agencies have issued guidance on sound risk management practices for concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The particular focus is on exposure to commercial real estate loans that are dependent on the cash flow from the real estate held as collateral and that are likely to be sensitive to conditions in the commercial real estate market (as opposed to real estate collateral held as a secondary source of repayment or as an abundance of caution). The purpose of the guidance is not to limit a bank s commercial real estate lending but to guide banks in developing risk management practices and maintaining capital levels commensurate with the level and nature of real estate concentrations. A bank that has experienced rapid growth in commercial real estate lending, has notable exposure to a specific type of commercial real estate loan, or is approaching or exceeding the following supervisory criteria may be identified for further supervisory analysis with respect to real estate concentration risk: total loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of the bank s total capital; or total commercial real estate loans (as defined in the guidance) greater than 300 of the Bank s total capital and an increase in the bank s commercial real estate portfolio of 50 or more during the prior 36 months. 
 Deposit Insurance and Other FDIC Programs 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured up to 250,000 per separately insured category by the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. The FDIC is an independent federal agency that insures the deposits, up to applicable limits, of depository institutions. As insurer of the Bank's deposits, the FDIC has supervisory and enforcement authority over the Bank and this insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government. As insurer, the FDIC imposes deposit insurance assessments and is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by institutions insured by the FDIC. It also may prohibit any FDIC-insured institution from engaging in any activity determined by regulation or order to pose a serious risk to the institution and the Deposit Insurance Fund. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement actions and may terminate the deposit insurance if it determines that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or is in an unsafe or unsound condition. 
 Deposit insurance assessments are based on the average consolidated total assets less tangible equity capital of a financial institution. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act set the minimum designated reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund at 1.35 , required the FDIC to set a target for the ratio each year, and eliminated the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to insured depository institutions when the ratio exceeds certain thresholds. The FDIC set the target ratio at 2.0 and adopted a plan to achieve that target ratio. Currently, total base assessment rates range from 1.5 to 40 basis points on an annualized basis, subject to certain adjustments. Under current regulations, the ranges of assessment rates are scheduled to decrease as the ratio increases in increments above 2.0 . No institution may pay a dividend if it is in default on its deposit insurance assessment. 
 In October 2022, the FDIC finalized a rule that will increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 (January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023). The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan in September 2020 to restore the Deposit Insurance 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Fund reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent within eight years. This plan did not include an increase in the deposit insurance assessment rate. Based on the FDIC s recent projections, however, the FDIC determined that the Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio is at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028 without increasing the deposit insurance assessment rates. The increased assessment would improve the likelihood that the Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio would reach the required minimum by the statutory deadline, consistent with the FDIC s Amended Restoration Plan. The FDIC also concurrently maintained the Designated Reserve Ratio DDR for the Deposit Insurance Fund at 2 percent for 2023. The new assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 percent in order to support growth in the Deposit Insurance Fund in progressing toward the FDIC s long-term goal of a 2 percent DRR. Progressively lower assessment rate schedules will take effect when the reserve ratio reaches 2 percent, and again when it reaches 2.5 percent. The revised assessment rate schedule will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 percent, absent further action by the FDIC. 
 Bank Secrecy Act / Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 The Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. These laws and regulations require the Bank to implement policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their customers. Violations of these requirements can result in substantial civil and criminal sanctions. In addition, provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act require the federal financial institution regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering activities when reviewing mergers and acquisitions. 
 Privacy Standards and Cybersecurity 
 The Bank is subject to federal regulations implementing the privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999. These regulations require the Bank to disclose its privacy policy, including informing consumers of their information sharing practices and informing consumers of their rights to opt out of certain practices. In addition, on November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies announced the adoption of a final rule providing for new notification requirements for banking organizations and their service providers for significant cybersecurity incidents. Specifically, the new rule requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator as soon as possible, and no later than 36 hours after, the banking organization determines that a computer-security incident rising to the level of a notification incident has occurred. Notification is required for incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the viability of a banking organization s operations, its ability to deliver banking products and services, or the stability of the financial sector. Service providers are required under the rule to notify affected banking organization customers as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the banking organization s customers for four or more hours. 
 Other Regulatory Developments 
 The following summarizes some of the significant federal legislation affecting banking in recent years. 
 Economic Growth Act. In May 2018 the Economic Growth Act was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. While the Economic Growth Act maintains most of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, it amends certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than 10 billion and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion. 
 The Economic Growth Act, among other matters, expands the definition of qualified mortgages which may be held by a financial institution and includes regulatory relief for community banks regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, the Volcker Rule (proprietary trading prohibitions), mortgage disclosures, risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans and simplifies the regulatory capital rules for financial institutions and their holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion by instructing the federal banking regulators to establish a Community Bank Leverage Ratio, which became effective January 1, 2020. The new ratio is an optional framework that is designed to reduce regulatory burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework starting in the first quarter of 2020. Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the Community Bank Leverage Ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than nine percent are considered to have satisfied the risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies generally applicable capital rule. Additionally, such insured depository institutions are considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The leverage ratio required for purposes of the new framework is calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets, consistent with how banking organizations calculate their leverage ratio under the current rules. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank had not elected to be subject to the Community Bank Leverage Ratio. 
 CECL. The FASB issued a new accounting standard the Bank adopted on January 1, 2020. This standard, referred to as CECL, requires FDIC-insured institutions and their holding companies (banking organizations) to recognize credit losses expected over the life of certain financial assets. CECL covers a broader range of assets than the prior method of recognizing credit losses and generally results in earlier recognition of credit losses. Upon adoption of CECL, a banking organization must record a one-time adjustment to its credit loss allowances as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of credit loss allowances under the current methodology and the amount required under CECL. Concurrent with enactment of the CARES Act, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory 
 12 

Table of Contents 

capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. The changes in the final rule apply only to those banking organizations that elected the CECL transition relief provided under the rule. The Company and the Bank elected this option. 
 See discussion of CECL Adoption in Note (1) Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 Website Access to Company Reports 
 We post publicly available reports required to be filed with the SEC on our website, www.hf-wa.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such reports. The required reports are available free of charge through our website. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal officers. We have posted the text of our Code of Ethics at www.hf-wa.com in the section titled Overview: Governance Documents. Any significant changes or waivers of the Code of Ethics will be publicly disclosed to shareholders. 
 Competition 
 We compete for loans and deposits with other commercial banks, credit unions, mortgage bankers, and other providers of financial services, including finance companies, online-only banks, mutual funds, insurance companies, and more recently with financial technology companies that rely on technology to provide financial services. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do. Particularly in times of high or rising interest rates, we also face significant competition for investors funds from short-term money market securities and other corporate and government securities. 
 We compete for loans principally through the range and quality of the services we provide, interest rates and loan fees, and robust delivery channels for our products and services. We actively solicit deposit-related clients and compete for deposits by offering depositors a variety of savings accounts, checking accounts, cash management and other services. 
 Human Capital 
 Demographics 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank employed 793 full-time and 36 part-time employees across Washington, Oregon, and Idaho. No employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. During 2022, we hired 238 regular full-time and part-time employees. Voluntary workforce turnover (rolling 12-month attrition) was 19.4 , compared to 20.8 in 2021. Our average tenure was 7.1 years. Our workforce was 71.3 female and 28.7 male, and women held 69.8 of the bank s management roles (including department supervisors and managers, as well as executive leadership). The average tenure of management was 9.9 years. The ethnicity of our workforce was 75.6 White, 8.6 Asian, 6.3 Hispanic, 4.5 Two or More Races, 2.3 Black, and 2.8 other. 
 Our Culture and Our People 
 The Company's success depends on the success of its people. As a result, the Company is focused on enhancing employee empowerment through human capital and talent management. Our strong culture was built upon adherence to a well-defined company mission and values, which aligns employees across all levels of the Company to a common goal and enables them to reach their full potential. 
 The Company views its employees as our most important assets, which makes training and professional development a worthy investment. We offer an array of learning opportunities through virtual and in-house courses via Heritage Bank University , as well as sponsoring courses through external providers, such as Ken Blanchard Company, Washington Bankers Association, Oregon Bankers Association and the Pacific Coast Banking School. We sponsor situational leadership training for leaders that focuses on communication and employee engagement. 
 The Company strives to maintain an environment of open communication with access to senior management, which includes quarterly all-employee virtual meetings, as well as New Employee Orientation hosted by the Chief Executive Officer. To further enhance our listening culture and foster open communications, we utilize a pulse survey platform to provide employees with a chance to share feedback directly with leadership throughout the year, including internal communications and COVID-19 Pandemic-related surveys. Survey results are shared with executive leadership and drive action planning. We also host Celebrate Great, an active internal peer recognition platform, where managers and employees post appreciation and recognition for co-workers and teams. The Company celebrates Employee Appreciation Days in the spring and fall which includes prizes, games, employee recognition and in-person events hosted by executive management. During 2021, the Puget Sound Business Journal recognized Heritage Bank as one of the Top 100 Best Workplaces in the Puget Sound. In 2022, the Company dedicated an afternoon to volunteering at organizations and nonprofits throughout our communities and closed all customer facing locations early. Over 500 employees participated and volunteered over 1,500 hours of service. 
 In addition to vacation and sick leave, all employees receive at least eight hours of paid time each year specifically to use for volunteer activities of their choice in the communities where they live and work. 
 COVID-19 
 The Company maintained its commitment to supporting its community and customers during the COVID-19 Pandemic and remains focused on keeping its employees safe and the Bank running effectively to serve its customers. As of December 31, 
 13 

Table of Contents 

2022, all banking branches are open with normal hours and substantially all employees have returned to their routine working environments. The Company continues to monitor the situation and will continue to implement measures commensurate with guidance issued by the Centers for Disease Control and state/local health authorities. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We recognize and appreciate the importance of creating an environment in which all employees feel valued, included, and empowered to do their best work. We recognize that each employee's unique experiences, perspectives, and viewpoints add value to our ability to be the leading commercial community bank in the Pacific Northwest. 
 The Company has a DEI plan, a Diversity Council and a DEI Officer who has been certified by the National Diversity Council. The Company's Diversity Council is made up of a diverse group of employees that acts on behalf of the Company to promote the diversity and inclusion process and works closely with senior leaders to ensure DEI initiatives align with the Company's overall strategic goals and initiatives. Both our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer serve as Executive Sponsors to the Company's Diversity Council. The Company's Diversity Council is a critical driver in fostering organizational change, establishing a dedicated focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion priorities. The primary role of the Company's Diversity Council is to connect DEI activities to a broader, business-driven and results-oriented strategy. Executive management and the Company's Board of Directors have received instructor-led, custom DEI training. In addition, all employees receive ongoing diversity training. The objectives of the Company's DEI plan include: 
 Workforce Diversity : Recruit from a diverse, qualified group of potential applicants to secure a high-performing workforce drawn from all segments of the communities we serve. 
 Workplace Inclusion : Promote a culture that encourages collaboration, flexibility and fairness to enable individuals to contribute to their full potential. 
 Sustainability: Develop structures and strategies to equip leaders with the ability to manage diversity, be accountable, measure results, refine approaches on the basis of such data and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 The following chart depicts the percentage of self-identified females and minorities in our workforce at December 31, 2022, by job classification as defined by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC ): 
 Job Classification Female Minority (1) 
 Distribution by EEOC Job Classification Administrative Support Workers 83.9 33.0 47.2 Executive/Senior Level Officials and Managers 34.6 3.8 3.1 First/Mid-Level Officials and Managers 74.7 22.0 22.4 Professionals 58.3 14.2 15.3 Sales Workers 42.7 13.5 11.6 Service Workers 0.4 
 (1) Includes employees self-identified as Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Asian, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, or Two or More Races. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide competitive compensation and benefit programs to aid us in attracting and retaining top talent in the very competitive Puget Sound and Portland, Oregon job markets where many of our offices are located. These programs include annual bonuses, equity, 401(k) Plan with an employer matching contribution, health insurance, transit passes, paid parking, and paid time off. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to executive officers of the Company at December 31, 2022: 
 Name Age as of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Position Has Served the Company or Bank Since Jeffrey J. Deuel 64 President and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Financial Corporation and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Bank 2010 Bryan McDonald 51 Executive Vice President of Heritage Financial Corporation and President and Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Bank 2014 Donald J. Hinson 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Heritage Financial Corporation and Heritage Bank 2005 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Tony Chalfant 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of Heritage Financial Corporation and Heritage Bank 2018 Cindy Hirman (formerly Huntley) 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer of Heritage Bank 1988 
 The business experience of each executive officer is set forth below. 
 Jeffrey J. Deuel is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Financial Corporation and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Bank. Mr. Deuel was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Bank and President of Heritage Financial Corporation effective July 2018 and then promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Financial Corporation effective July 2019. Mr. Deuel was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Bank and Executive Vice President of Heritage Financial Corporation in September 2012. In November 2010, Mr. Deuel was named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Bank and Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Deuel joined Heritage Bank in February 2010 as Executive Vice President. Prior to joining Heritage, Mr. Deuel held the position of Executive Vice President Commercial Operations with JPMorgan Chase, formerly Washington Mutual. Prior to joining Washington Mutual, Mr. Deuel was based in Philadelphia where he worked for Bank United, First Union Bank, CoreStates Bank, and First Pennsylvania Bank. During his career Mr. Deuel held a variety of leadership positions in commercial banking including lending, credit administration, portfolio management, retail, corporate strategies, and support services. He earned his Bachelor s degree at Gettysburg College. 
 Bryan McDonald is the President and Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Bank. Mr. McDonald was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Bank effective July 1, 2018 and then promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Bank effective July 1, 2021. Mr. McDonald joined Heritage Bank as an Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer as a result of the merger between Heritage Financial and Washington Banking Company effective May 1, 2014. Previously, with Whidbey Island Bank he held the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Whidbey Island Bank from January 2012 to May 2014. He joined Whidbey Island Bank in 2006 as Commercial Banking Manager and was promoted to Chief Operating Officer in 2010. Mr. McDonald has extensive managerial experience in various sales, credit, operations, commercial banking and residential real estate areas. Before joining the team at Whidbey Island Bank, he was Snohomish and King County Business Group Manager where he was responsible for developing all aspects of Peoples Bank's commercial banking operation in King and Snohomish counties. 
 Donald J. Hinson was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2012. From 2007 to 2012, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hinson joined the Company in 2005 as Vice President and Controller. Prior to that, he served in the banking audit practice of local and national accounting firms of Knight, Vale and Gregory and RSM McGladrey from 1994 to 2005. Mr. Hinson holds a Bachelor's degree in Accounting from Central Washington University and a Bachelor's degree in Psychology from Western Washington University. 
 Tony Chalfant became Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of Heritage Financial Corporation and Heritage Bank in July 2020. Previously, Mr. Chalfant held the title of Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Credit Officer of Heritage Bank since July 2019. Prior to that, he served as a Regional Credit Officer since January 2018 when Heritage Bank acquired Puget Sound Bank. Mr. Chalfant served as the Chief Credit Officer for Puget Sound Bank for 13 years. Prior to joining Puget Sound Bank, Mr. Chalfant held commercial lending and leadership positions with U.S. Bank for 11 years. Mr. Chalfant started his career with the U.S. Office of Comptroller of the Currency, working there for eight years. Mr. Chalfant obtained his Bachelor's degree in Finance and Economics from Washington State University and is a graduate of the Pacific Coast Banking School. 
 Cindy Hirman (formerly Cindy Huntley) was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer in September of 2019. On September 26, 2022, Heritage entered into a transitional retirement agreement with Ms. Hirman, effective January 1, 2023. The agreement with Ms. Hirman provides for an employment period through April 3, 2023, which is Ms. Hirman s planned retirement date. Ms. Hirman will serve as Executive Vice President, a part-time position in which she will assist with the transition of her Chief Banking Officer duties. Cindy has been with Heritage Bank since 1988 and previously served as a Director of Retail Banking since 2006 and a Senior Vice President since 2004. During her tenure with Heritage, Ms. Huntley has held numerous positions including marketing, retail and executive support positions. She holds a Bachelor's degree in Management from the University of Northern Colorado and graduated from the Pacific Coast Banking School. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 We assume and manage a certain degree of risk in order to conduct our business strategy. In addition to the risk factors described below, other risks and uncertainties not specifically mentioned, or that are currently known to, or deemed to be immaterial by management, also may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. If any of the circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occur to a significant degree, the value of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. This Form 10-K is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to our Lending Activities 
 Our loan portfolio is concentrated in loans with a higher risk of loss. 
 Repayment of our commercial business loans, consisting of commercial and industrial loans as well as owner-occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans, is often dependent on the cash flows of the borrower, which may be unpredictable, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. We offer different types of commercial business loans to a variety of businesses in industries such as real estate and rental and leasing, healthcare, accommodation and food services, retail trade and construction. The primary types of commercial business loans offered are lines of credit, term equipment financing and term real estate loans. We also originate loans that are guaranteed by the SBA and we are a preferred lender of the SBA. Commercial business lending involves risks that are different from those associated with residential real estate lending. Our commercial business loans are primarily made based on our assessment of the cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The borrower's cash flow may be unpredictable, and collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Although these commercial business loans are often collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable or other business assets, the liquidation of collateral in the event of default is often an insufficient source of repayment because accounts receivable may be uncollectible and inventories may be obsolete or of limited use, among other things. Accordingly, the repayment of commercial business loans depends primarily on the cash flow and creditworthiness of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. 
 At December 31, 2022, our commercial business loans totaled 3.22 billion, or 79.4 of our total loan portfolio, of which 5.9 million, or 0.2 , were classified as nonaccrual at December 31, 2022. The majority of the nonperforming commercial business loans were secured by real estate. Within commercial business loans, agricultural loans totaled 57.3 million, or 1.4 of our total loan portfolio and 1.8 of our commercial business loans at December 31, 2022 of which 2.6 million, or 4.5 were classified as nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022. 
 Our owner and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans, which include multifamily residential real estate loans, involve higher principal amounts than other loans and repayment of these loans may be dependent on factors outside our control or the control of our borrowers. We originate commercial real estate loans for individuals and businesses for various purposes, which are secured by commercial properties. These loans typically involve higher principal amounts than other types of loans and repayment is dependent upon income generated, or expected to be generated, by the property securing the loan in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service, which may be adversely affected by changes in the economy or local market conditions. For example, if the cash flow from the borrower s project is reduced as a result of leases not being obtained or renewed, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 
 Commercial real estate loans also expose us to greater credit risk than loans secured by residential real estate because the collateral securing these loans typically cannot be sold as easily as residential real estate. In addition, many of our commercial real estate loans are not fully amortizing and contain large balloon payments upon maturity. Such balloon payments may require the borrower to either sell or refinance the underlying property in order to make the payment, which may increase the risk of default or non-payment. If we foreclose on a commercial real estate loan, our holding period for the collateral typically is longer than for residential real estate loans because there are fewer potential purchasers of the collateral. Additionally, commercial real estate loans generally have relatively large balances to single borrowers or related groups of borrowers. Accordingly, if we make any errors in judgment regarding the collectability of our commercial real estate loans, any resulting charge-offs may be larger on a per loan basis than those incurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our owner and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans totaled 2.52 billion, or 62.3 of our total loan portfolio, of which 212,000 were classified as nonaccrual at December 31, 2022. 
 Our real estate construction and land development loans are based upon estimates of costs and net operating income and the related value associated with the completed project. These estimates may be inaccurate. Construction lending involves additional risks when compared with permanent commercial and residential lending because funds are advanced upon the collateral for the project based on an estimate of costs that will produce a future value at completion. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, as well as the market value of the complete project and the effects of governmental regulation on real property, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the completed project loan-to-value ratio. Changes in demand and higher than anticipated building costs may cause actual results to vary significantly from those estimated. This type of lending also typically involves higher loan principal amounts and may be concentrated with a small number of builders. A downturn in housing, or the real estate market, could increase delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures, and significantly impair the value of our collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. Some of our borrowers are builders with more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss. As a result, these loans often involve the disbursement of funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property or obtain permanent take-out financing, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If our appraisal of the value of a completed project proves to be overstated, we may have inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion of construction of the project and may incur a loss. Because construction loans require active monitoring of the building process, including cost comparisons and on-site inspections, these loans are more difficult and more costly to monitor. Increases in market rates of interest may have a more pronounced effect on construction loans by rapidly increasing the end-purchaser's borrowing costs, thereby possibly reducing the borrower's ability to finance the project upon completion or the overall demand for the project. Properties under construction are often difficult to sell and typically must be completed in order to be successfully sold which also complicates the process of working out problem construction loans. This may require us to advance additional funds and/or contract with another builder to complete construction and assume the market risk of selling the project at a future market price, which may or may not 
 16 

Table of Contents 

enable us to fully recover unpaid loan funds and associated construction and liquidation costs. Furthermore, in the case of speculative construction loans, there is added risk associated with identifying an end-tenant or end-purchaser for the finished project. Land development loans also pose additional risk because of the lack of income being produced by the property and potential illiquid nature of the collateral. These risks can be significantly impacted by supply and demand conditions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our real estate construction and land development loans totaled 294.1 million, or 7.3 of our total loan portfolio, of which 80.1 million, or 2.0 of our total loan portfolio, were residential construction and 214.0 million, or 5.3 of our total loan portfolio, were commercial and multifamily construction. Within this category, 37,000 of our total real estate construction and land development loans, were classified as nonaccrual at December 31, 2022. 
 Our ACL on loans may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolio. 
 Lending money is a substantial part of our business. Every loan carries a certain risk that it will not be repaid in accordance with its terms or that any underlying collateral will not be sufficient to assure repayment. This risk is affected by, among other things: 
 the cash flow of the borrower, guarantors and/or the project being financed; 
 the changes and uncertainties as to the future value of the collateral, in the case of a collateralized loan; 
 the character and creditworthiness of a particular borrower or guarantor; 
 changes in economic and industry conditions; and 
 the duration of the loan. 
 The ACL on loans is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost of loans receivable to present the net amount expected to be collected. Loans are charged-off through the ACL on loans when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are recorded to the ACL on loans. The Bank records the changes in the ACL on loans through earnings as a "(Reversal of) provision for credit losses" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The determination of the appropriate level of ACL on loans inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. If our estimates are incorrect, the ACL on loans may not be sufficient to cover credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio, resulting in the need for increases in our ACL on loans through the provision for credit losses. Management also recognizes that significant new growth in loan segments and new loan products can result in loans segments comprised of unseasoned loans that may not perform in a historical or projected manner and will increase the risk that our ACL on loans may be insufficient to absorb losses without significant additional provisions. 
 Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the ACL on loans. If current conditions in the housing and real estate markets weaken, we expect we will experience increased delinquencies and credit losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our ACL on loans and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the ACL on loans, we will need additional provisions to increase the ACL on loans. 
 Risks Related to our Business Strategy 
 Our strategy of pursuing acquisitions and de novo branching exposes us to financial and operational risks that could adversely affect us. 
 We are pursuing a strategy of supplementing organic growth by acquiring other financial institutions or their businesses that we believe will help us fulfill our strategic objectives and enhance our earnings. There are risks associated with this strategy, however, including the following: 
 we may be exposed to potential asset quality issues or unknown or contingent liabilities of the banks, businesses, assets and liabilities we acquire. If these issues or liabilities exceed our estimates, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially negatively affected; 
 higher than expected deposit attrition; 
 potential diversion of our management's time and attention; 
 we may be exposed to previously known or unknown regulatory compliance deficiencies from the acquired institution; 
 prices at which acquisitions are made can fluctuate with market conditions. We have experienced times during which acquisitions could not be made in specific markets at prices we considered acceptable and expect that we may continue to experience this condition in the future; 
 the acquisition of other entities generally requires integration of systems, procedures and personnel of the acquired entity into our company to make the transaction economically successful. This integration process is complicated and time consuming and can also be disruptive to the customers of the acquired business. If the integration process is not conducted successfully and with minimal effect on the acquired business and its customers, we may not realize the anticipated economic benefits of an acquisition within the expected time frame, and we may lose customers or employees of the acquired business. We may also experience greater than anticipated customer losses even if the integration process is successful. 
 to finance an acquisition, we may borrow funds, thereby increasing our leverage and diminishing our liquidity, or raise additional capital, which could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

from 2006 through 2022, we completed eight acquisitions or mergers, including one acquisition in 2006, two acquisitions during 2010, two acquisitions during 2013, one merger in 2014 and two acquisitions in 2018 that enhanced our rate of growth. We may not be able to continue to sustain our past rate of growth or to grow at all in the future; 
 we expect our net income will increase following our acquisitions; however, we also expect our general and administrative expenses and consequently our efficiency ratios may also increase. Ultimately, we would expect our efficiency ratio to improve; however, if we are not successful in our integration process, this may not occur, and our acquisitions or branching activities may not be accretive to earnings in the short or long-term; 
 to the extent our costs of an acquisition exceed the fair value of the net assets acquired, the acquisition will generate goodwill. As discussed below under the risk factor heading We may experience future goodwill impairment, which could reduce our earnings we are required to assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually, and any goodwill impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition; and 
 we are required to record acquired loans through acquisitions at fair value, which may differ from the outstanding balance of such loans. Estimating the fair value of such loans requires management to make estimates based on available information and facts and circumstances on the acquisition date. The difference between the fair value and the outstanding balance of such loans is accreted into net interest income. Thus, our net interest margins may initially increase due to accretion. The yields on our loans could decline as our acquired loan portfolio pays down or matures, and we expect downward pressure on our interest income to the extent that the runoff on our acquired loan portfolio is not replaced with comparable high-yielding loans. This could result in higher net interest margins and interest income in current periods and lower net interest rate margins and lower interest income in future periods. 
 Our business strategy includes significant growth plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we are not successful in executing this strategy or if we fail to grow or manage our growth effectively. 
 We intend to pursue a growth strategy for our business. We regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities. If appropriate opportunities present themselves, we expect to engage in selected acquisitions of financial institutions in the future, including branch acquisitions, or other business growth initiatives or undertakings. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify appropriate opportunities, that we will be able to negotiate or finance such activities or that such activities, if undertaken, will be successful. 
 Our growth initiatives may require us to recruit experienced personnel to assist in such initiatives, which will increase our compensation costs. In addition, the failure to identify and retain such personnel would place significant limitations on our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. To the extent we expand our lending beyond our current market areas, we also could incur additional risk related to those new market areas. We may not be able to expand our market presence in our existing market areas or successfully enter new markets. 
 If we do not successfully execute our acquisition growth plan, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and growth prospects. While we believe we have the executive management resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance that suitable growth opportunities will be available or that we will successfully manage our growth. 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions 
 The current economic condition in the market areas we serve may adversely impact our earnings and could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. 
 Substantially all of our loans are to businesses and individuals in the states of Washington and Oregon. A return of recessionary conditions or adverse economic conditions in the primary market areas of the Pacific Northwest in which we operate could reduce our rate of growth, affect our customers' ability to repay loans and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. General economic conditions, including inflation, unemployment and money supply fluctuations, also may adversely affect our profitability. Weakness in the global economy and global supply chain issues have adversely affected many businesses operating in our markets that are dependent upon international trade and it is not known how changes in tariffs being imposed on international trade may also affect these businesses. Changes in agreements or relationships between the United States and other countries may also affect these businesses. 
 A deterioration in economic conditions in our market areas of the Pacific Northwest as a result of inflation, a recession, the effects of COVID-19 variants or other factors could result in the following consequences, any of which could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations: 
 loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase; 
 we may increase our ACL on loans and provision for credit losses; 
 the sale of foreclosed assets may be slow; 
 demand for our products and services may decline, possibly resulting in a decrease in our total loans; 
 collateral for loans made may decline further in value, exposing us to increased risk of loss on existing loans; 
 the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us; and 
 the amount of our deposits may decrease and the composition of our deposits may be adversely affected. 
 A decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on our earnings and capital than on the earnings and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loans are geographically diverse. Many of the loans in our portfolio are secured by real estate. Deterioration in the real estate markets where collateral for a loan is located could negatively affect the borrower s ability to repay the loan and the value of the collateral securing the loan. Real estate values are affected by various other factors, including changes in general or regional economic conditions, governmental rules or policies and natural disasters 
 18 

Table of Contents 

such as earthquakes and flooding. If we are required to liquidate a significant amount of collateral during a period of reduced real estate values, our financial condition and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 
 Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Inflation has risen sharply since the end of 2021 and throughout 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. As discussed below under Fluctuating interest rates can adversely affect our profitability, as inflation increases and market interest rates rise the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating-rate instruments. In addition, inflation increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our noninterest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. 
 The economic impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic could continue to affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 Pandemic could continue to pose risks and could harm our business, our results of operations and the prospects of the Company. The COVID-19 Pandemic has adversely impacted the global and national economy and certain industries and geographies in which our clients operate. Given its ongoing and dynamic nature, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on the business of the Company, its clients, employees and third-party service providers. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments. Additionally, the responses of various governmental and nongovernmental authorities and consumers to the pandemic may have material long-term effects on the Company and its clients which are difficult to quantify. 
 We could be subject to a number of risks as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, ability to execute our growth strategy, and ability to pay dividends. These risks include, but are not limited to, changes in demand for our products and services; increased loan losses or other impairments in our loan portfolios and increases in our ACL; a decline in collateral for our loans, especially real estate; unanticipated unavailability of employees; increased cyber security risks as employees work remotely; a prolonged weakness in economic conditions resulting in a reduction of future projected earnings could necessitate a valuation allowance against our current outstanding deferred tax assets; a triggering event leading to impairment testing on our goodwill or core deposit and customer relationships intangibles, which could result in an impairment charge; and increased costs as the Company and our regulators, customers and vendors adapt to evolving pandemic conditions. 
 Risks Related to Market and Interest Rate Changes 
 Fluctuating interest rates can adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our profitability is dependent to a large extent upon net interest income, which is the difference (or spread between the interest earned on loans, investment securities and other interest earning assets and the interest paid on deposits, borrowings, and other interest bearing liabilities. Because of the differences in maturities and repricing characteristics of our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, changes in interest rates do not produce equivalent changes in interest income earned on interest earning assets and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities. 
 We principally manage interest rate risk by managing our volume and mix of our earning assets and funding liabilities. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and investment securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but these changes could also affect (i) our ability to originate and/or sell loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, which could negatively impact shareholders equity, and our ability to realize gains from the sale of such assets, (iii) our ability to obtain and retain deposits in competition with other available investment alternatives, (iv) the ability of our borrowers to repay adjustable or variable rate loans, and (v) the average duration of our investment securities portfolio and other interest earning assets. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if interest rates decrease as assets tend to reprice more quickly than liabilities. In a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to manage this risk effectively. If we are unable to manage interest rate risk effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general and forecasted economic conditions reflected in the rates offered along the yield curve and the FHLB's fixed-rate advance index, and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve. During the year ended December 31, 2022, in response to inflation, the FOMC of the Federal Reserve has increased the target range for the federal funds rate by 400 basis points to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 as of December 31, 2022 compared to a range of 0.00 to 0.25 at December 31, 2021 as it seeks to control inflation without creating a recession. If the FOMC further increases the targeted federal funds rate, overall interest rates will likely rise, which will positively impact our net interest income but may negatively impact both the housing market, by reducing refinancing activity and new home purchases, and the U.S. economy. 
 As is the case with many banks and saving institutions, our emphasis on increasing the development of core deposits (those deposits bearing no or a relatively low rate of interest with no stated maturity date) has resulted in our interest bearing liabilities having a shorter duration than our assets. We would incur a higher cost of funds to retain these deposits in a rising interest rate environment. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected; or if 
 19 

Table of Contents 

we do not raise interest rates we are paying on deposits to effectively compete with other banks or alternative investment options, we may see deposits decline leading to either a lower level of earning assets or higher borrowings, either of which would could potentially cause a decline in earnings. 
 Changes in interest rates also affect the value of our interest earning assets and in particular our investment securities portfolio. Generally, the fair value of fixed-rate investment securities fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on investment securities available for sale are reported as a separate component of equity, net of tax. Decreases in the fair value of investment securities available for sale resulting from increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on stockholders equity. Stockholders' equity, specifically AOCI, is increased or decreased by the amount of change in the estimated fair value of our securities available for sale, net of deferred income taxes. Increases in interest rates generally decrease the fair value of securities available for sale, which adversely impacts stockholders' equity. 
 Although management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations, any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Also, our interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions likely may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on our balance sheet. For further discussion of how changes in interest rates could impact us and additional information about our interest rate risk management, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Changes in the valuation of our investment securities portfolio could hurt our profits and reduce capital levels. 
 Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of investment securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these investment securities, potentially reducing AOCI and/or earnings. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect of the securities, defaults by, or other adverse events affecting the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and continued instability in the capital markets. Our investment securities portfolio is evaluated for estimated credit losses and an ACL on investment securities, as appropriate, is recorded as a contra asset on the financial statement of condition and a provision for credit loss on investment securities through earnings. There can be no assurance that the declines in market value will not result in credit losses, which would lead to accounting charges that could have a material adverse effect on our net income and capital levels. 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions and limit our ability to get regulatory approval of acquisitions. 
 The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions and limit our ability to get regulatory approval of acquisitions. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, no assurance can be given that these policies and procedures will be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. 
 Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may materially affect the Company s business and results of operations. 
 The potential effects of climate change are creating a heightened level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, the global business community has increased its political and social awareness surrounding the issue, and the United States has entered into international agreements in an attempt to reduce global temperatures, such as reentering the Paris Agreement. Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives to supplement the global effort to combat climate change. Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected under the current administration, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk 
 20 

Table of Contents 

assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. 
 The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change render it difficult, or even impossible, to predict how specifically climate change may impact our financial condition and results of operations; however, the physical effects of climate change may also directly impact us. Specifically, the occurrence of unpredictable and more frequent weather disasters may adversely impact the real property, and/or the value of the real property, securing the loans in our portfolios. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to our borrowers, the collateral securing our loans may be negatively impacted by climate change, natural disasters and related events, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the effects of climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could lead to an adverse effect on our customers and impact the communities in which we operate. Overall, climate change, its effects and the resulting unknown impact could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Third-Parties and Technology 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 We rely on numerous external vendors to provide us with products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations. Accordingly, our operations are exposed to the risk these vendors will not perform in accordance with contracted arrangements under service level agreements. The failure of an external vendor to perform in accordance with contracted arrangements under service level agreements because of changes in the vendor's organizational structure, financial condition, level of support for existing products and services, strategic focus or for any other reason, could be disruptive to our operations, which in turn could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We also could be adversely affected to the extent a service agreement is not renewed by the third-party vendor or is renewed on terms less favorable to us. Additionally, the bank regulatory agencies expect financial institutions to be responsible for all aspects of our vendors performance, including aspects which they delegate to third parties. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services could result in client attrition; regulatory fines, penalties or intervention; reputational damage; reimbursement or other compensation costs and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We are subject to certain risks in connection with our use of technology . 
 Our security measures may not be sufficient to mitigate the risk of a cyber-attack . Communications and information systems are essential to the conduct of our business as we use such systems to manage our customer relationships, our core operating systems, our general ledger and virtually all other aspects of our business. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, fraudulent or unauthorized access, denial or degradation of service attacks, misuse, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code and cyber-attacks that could have a security impact. If one or more of these events occur, this could jeopardize our or our customers' confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers or counterparties. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. 
 Security breaches in our internet banking activities could further expose us to possible liability and damage our reputation . Increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries and vulnerabilities in third-party technologies (including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes and/or controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our clients and underlying transactions. Any compromise of our security could deter customers from using our internet banking services that involve the transmission of confidential information. We rely on standard internet security systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of data. Although we have developed and continue to invest in systems and processes that are designed to detect and prevent security breaches and cyber-attacks and periodically test our security, these precautions may not protect our systems from compromises or breaches of our security measures and could result in losses to us or our customers, our loss of business and/or customers, damage to our reputation, incurrence of additional expenses, disruption to our business, our inability to grow our online services or other businesses, additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our security measures may not protect us from system failures or interruptions. We have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of system breaches, failures, and interruptions. In addition, we outsource certain aspects of our data processing and other operational functions to certain third-party providers. While the Company selects third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. If our third-party providers encounter difficulties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher transaction volumes, cyber-attacks and security breaches or if we otherwise have difficulty in communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected and to deliver products and services to our customers and otherwise conduct business operations could be adversely impacted. Replacing these third-party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information 
 21 

Table of Contents 

through various other vendors and their personnel. We cannot assure that such breaches, failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by us or the third-parties on which we rely. 
 Further, while we believe we maintain adequate insurance to cover these risks, our insurance coverage may not cover all losses resulting from breaches, system failures or other disruptions. The occurrence of any systems failure or interruption could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers and business, could subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or could expose us to legal liability. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to certain risks in connection with our data management or aggregation. 
 We are reliant on our ability to manage data and our ability to aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner to ensure effective risk reporting and management. Our ability to manage data and aggregate data may be limited by the effectiveness of our policies, programs, processes and practices that govern how data is acquired, validated, stored, protected and processed. While we continuously update our policies, programs, processes and practices, many of our data management and aggregation processes are manual and subject to human error or system failure. Failure to manage data effectively and to aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner may limit our ability to manage current and emerging risks, as well as to manage changing business needs. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by an increasing prevalence of fraud and other financial crimes. 
 The Company and the Bank are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us or our customers which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our customers, disclosure or misuse of our information or our customer s information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our customers, litigation or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Nationally, reported incidents of fraud and other financial crimes have increased. We have also experienced losses due to apparent fraud and other financial crimes, although such losses have been relatively insignificant to date. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent such losses, there can be no assurance that such losses will not occur. 
 Managing reputational risk is important to attracting and maintaining customers, investors and employees. 
 Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies and questionable or fraudulent activities of our customers. We have policies and procedures in place to protect our reputation and promote ethical conduct, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors and employees; costly litigation; a decline in revenues and increased governmental regulation. 
 The financial services market is undergoing rapid technological changes, and if we are unable to stay current with those changes, we may not be able to effectively compete. 
 The financial services industry is experiencing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we do. Our future success will depend, to some degree, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience, as well as create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products or services or be successful in marketing these products and services. Additionally, the implementation of technological changes and upgrades to maintain current systems and integrate new ones may cause service interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays and may cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully manage the risks associated with increased dependency on technology. 
 Risks Related to Accounting Matters 
 New or changing tax, accounting, and regulatory rules and interpretations could significantly impact strategic initiatives, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 The financial services industry is extensively regulated. Federal and state banking regulations are designed primarily to protect the deposit insurance funds and consumers, not to benefit our stockholders. These regulations, along with the currently existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance and monetary laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies and interpretations control the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax compliance and govern financial reporting and disclosures. These laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies and interpretations are constantly evolving and may change significantly over time. Any new regulations or legislation, change in existing regulation or oversight, whether a change in regulatory policy or a change in a regulator's interpretation of a law or regulation, could have a material impact on our operations, increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business and adversely affect our profitability. Regulatory authorities also have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on the operation of an institution, the classification of assets by the institution and adequacy of an institution's ACL. These bank regulators also have the ability to impose conditions in the approval of merger and acquisition transactions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

We may experience future goodwill impairment, which could reduce our earnings. 
 Accounting standards require that we account for acquisitions or business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under purchase accounting, if the purchase price of an acquired company exceeds the fair value of its net assets, the excess is carried on the acquirer s balance sheet as goodwill. In accordance with GAAP, our goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment exists. The evaluation may be based on a variety of quantitative factors, including the quoted price of our common stock, market prices of common stock of other banking organizations, common stock trading multiples, discounted cash flows and data from comparable acquisitions. Additionally, we may perform a qualitative assessment that takes into consideration macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost or margin factors, and financial performance. Our evaluation of the fair value of goodwill involves a substantial amount of judgment. If our judgment was incorrect, or if events or circumstances change, and an impairment of goodwill was deemed to exist, we would be required to write down our goodwill resulting in a charge against income, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We performed our annual impairment assessment for goodwill as of December 31, 2022, and concluded there was no impairment. 
 The Company s reported financial results depend on management s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates, which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future. 
 The Company s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances, yet might result in the Company s reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 
 Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Company s financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include the ACL on loans, investments and unfunded commitments, and goodwill. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the Company may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the ACL and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided, or recognize significant losses on the impairment of goodwill. For more information, refer to Critical Accounting Estimates included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 
 Other Risks Related to Operational Matters 
 We will be required to transition from the use of the LIBOR in the future. 
 FHLB advances, loans receivable, investment securities, subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities may be indexed to LIBOR to calculate the interest rate. ICE Benchmark Administration, the authorized and regulated administrator of LIBOR, ended publication of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors on December 31, 2021 and the remaining USD LIBOR tenors will end publication in June 2023. Financial services regulators and industry groups have collaborated to develop alternate reference rate indices or reference rates. The transition to a new reference rate requires changes to contracts, risk and pricing models, valuation tools, systems, product design and hedging strategies. At this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates may become acceptable alternatives to LIBOR (with the exception of overnight repurchase agreements, which are expected to be based on SOFR). Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to LIBOR may adversely affect LIBOR rates and the value of LIBOR-based loans, and to a lesser extent securities in our portfolio, and may impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings, including the rates we pay on our trust preferred securities. 
 The language in our LIBOR-based contracts and financial instruments has developed over time and may have various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate would be selected. If a trigger is satisfied, contracts and financial instruments may give the calculation agent discretion over the substitute index or indices for the calculation of interest rates to be selected. The implementation of a substitute index or indices for the calculation of interest rates under our loan agreements with our borrowers or our borrowings may result in our incurring significant expenses in implementing the transition, may result in reduced loan balances if borrowers do not accept the substitute index or indices, and may result in disputes or litigation with clients and creditors over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the substitute index or indices, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. For more information, refer to Loan Portfolio Overview included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 
 An increase in interest rates, change in the programs offered by secondary market purchasers or our ability to qualify for their programs may reduce our mortgage revenues, which would negatively impact our non-interest income. 
 We originate and sell residential real estate loans, or mortgage loans. The related mortgage income is a significant portion of our noninterest income. We generate gains on the sale of residential real estate loans pursuant to programs currently offered by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and other secondary market purchasers. Any future changes in these purchase programs, our eligibility to participate in such programs, the criteria for loans to be accepted or laws that significantly affect the activity of such entities could, in turn, materially adversely affect our results of operations. Mortgage banking is generally considered a volatile source of income because it depends largely on the level of loan volume which, in turn, depends largely on prevailing market interest rates. In a rising or higher interest rate environment, the demand for mortgage loans, particularly refinancing of existing mortgage loans, tends to fall and our originations of mortgage loans may decrease, resulting in 
 23 

Table of Contents 

fewer loans that are available to be sold to investors. This would result in a decrease in gain on loans, net and a corresponding decrease in noninterest income. In addition, our results of operations are affected by the amount of noninterest expense associated with mortgage banking activities, such as salaries and employee benefits; occupancy and equipment expense; data processing expense and other operating costs. During periods of reduced loan demand, our results of operations may be adversely affected to the extent that we are unable to reduce expenses commensurate with the decline in mortgage loan originations. 
 Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on a number of different sources in order to meet our potential liquidity demands. Our primary sources of liquidity are increases in deposit accounts, cash flows from loan payments and our securities portfolio. Borrowings also provide us with a source of funds to meet liquidity demands. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans or investment securities and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. We rely on customer deposits and borrowings from the FHLB and certain other wholesale funding sources to fund our operations. Deposit flows and the prepayment of loans and mortgage-related investment securities are strongly influenced by such external factors as the direction of interest rates, whether actual or perceived, and the competition for deposits and loans in the markets we serve. Further, changes to the FHLB's underwriting guidelines for wholesale borrowings or lending policies may limit or restrict our ability to borrow and could therefore have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity. Although we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and borrowings if desired, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future if, among other things, our financial condition, the financial condition of the FHLB or market conditions change. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in the markets in which our loans and deposits are concentrated, negative operating results, or adverse regulatory action against us. Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry or deterioration in credit markets. Any decline in available funding in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on terms which are acceptable could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, collateralized public funds are bank deposits of state and local municipalities. These deposits are required to be secured by certain investment grade securities to ensure repayment, which on the one hand tends to reduce our contingent liquidity risk by making these funds somewhat less credit sensitive, but on the other hand reduces standby liquidity by restricting the potential liquidity of the pledged co llateral. Although these funds historically have been a relatively stable source of funds for us, availability depends on the individual municipality's fiscal policies and cash flow needs. See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" of this Form 10-K. 
 If our enterprise risk management framework is not effective at mitigating risk and loss to us, we could suffer unexpected losses and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our enterprise risk management framework seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, which is critical to optimizing stockholder value. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, analyze and control the types of risk to which we are subject. These risks include liquidity risk; credit risk; market risk; interest rate risk; operational risk; information technology and cybersecurity risk; legal and compliance risk; and reputational risk, among others. We also maintain a compliance program to identify, measure, assess and report on our adherence to applicable laws, policies and procedures. While we assess and improve these programs on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that our risk management or compliance programs, along with other related controls, will effectively mitigate all risk and limit losses in our business. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of one or more of those key personnel may materially and adversely affect our prospects . 
 Competition for qualified employees and personnel in the banking industry is intense and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of, and experience in, the community banking industry where we conduct our business. The process of recruiting personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategies is often lengthy. Our success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, loan origination, finance, administrative, marketing and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of our management and personnel. In particular, our success has been and continues to be highly dependent upon the abilities of key executives, including our Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey J. Deuel, and certain other employees. The loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability to successfully conduct our business. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our 
 24 

Table of Contents 

overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 Risk Related to Holding Our Common Stock 
 Our growth or future losses may require us to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed or the cost of that capital may be very high; further, the resulting dilution of our equity may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. At some point, we may need to raise additional capital to support our growth or replenish future losses. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside our control, and on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we cannot make assurances we will be able to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, any additional capital we obtain may result in the dilution of the interests of existing holders of our common stock. Further, if we are unable to raise additional capital when required by our bank regulators, we may be subject to adverse regulatory action. 
 We rely on dividends from the Bank for substantially all of our revenue at the holding company level. 
 We are an entity separate and distinct from our subsidiary, the Bank, and derive substantially all of our revenue at the holding company level in the form of dividends from that subsidiary. Accordingly, we are, and will be, dependent upon dividends from the Bank to pay the principal of and interest on our indebtedness, to satisfy our other cash needs and to pay dividends on our common stock. The Bank's ability to pay dividends is subject to its ability to earn net income and to meet certain regulatory requirements. In the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to pay dividends on our common stock. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 The Company has no unresolved staff comments from the SEC as it relates to the Company's financial information as reported in the Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The main office of the Company and the Bank is located in downtown Olympia, Washington. In addition, the Bank has three back office locations in Tacoma, Lynnwood and Burlington, Washington. The Bank's branch network at December 31, 2022 was comprised of 50 branches located throughout Washington and Oregon. In the opinion of management, all properties are adequately covered by insurance, are in good state of repair and are adequate to meet our present and immediately foreseeable needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Neither the Company nor the Bank, is a party to any material pending legal proceedings other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our businesses. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol HFWA. 
 Holders 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,133 shareholders of record (not including the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms). 
 The Company has historically paid cash dividends to its common shareholders. On January 25, 2023, the Company s 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of 0.22 per common share payable on February 22, 2023 to shareholders of record on February 8, 2023. Payments of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors, including our business, operating results and financial condition, capital requirements, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion, any legal or contractual limitation on our ability to pay dividends and other relevant factors. No assurances can be given that any dividends will be paid or that, if paid, will not be reduced or eliminated in future periods. Dividends on common stock from the Company depend substantially upon receipt of dividends from the Bank, which is the Company s predominant source of income. Management's projections show an expectation that cash dividends will continue for the foreseeable future. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table sets forth information about the Company s purchases of its outstanding common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per 
 Share (1) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 9,986,863 638,214 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 9,986,863 638,214 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 664 30.06 9,986,863 638,214 Total 664 30.06 
 (1) Of the common shares repurchased by the Company between October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, all shares represented the cancellation of stock to pay withholding taxes on vested restricted stock awards or units. 
 (2) On March 12, 2020 the Company's Board of Directors announced the repurchase of up to 5 of the Company's outstanding common shares, or 1,799,054 shares, under the twelfth stock repurchase plan. The repurchase program does not have a set expiration date and will expire upon repurchase of the full amount of authorized shares, unless terminated sooner by the Board of Directors. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 The equity compensation plan information presented under subparagraph (d) in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the five-year comparison of the total return to shareholders of the Company s common stock as compared to the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index during the five-year period beginning December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022. Total return includes appreciation or depreciation in market value of the Company s common stock as well as actual cash and stock dividends paid to common shareholders. The NASDAQ Composite Index is a broad equity market index comprised of all domestic and international common stocks listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index is comparative peer index comprised of banks and related holding companies within the same market capitalization range as the Company. The graph assumes the value of the investment in Company s common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017, and all dividends were reinvested. 
 . 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Heritage Financial Corporation 100.00 98.67 96.67 83.08 89.62 115.92 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 100.00 83.44 104.69 95.08 132.32 116.69 
 Information for the graph was provided by S P Global Market Intelligence. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The information contained in this section should be read together with the December 31, 2022 audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . 

Overview 
 Heritage Financial Corporation is a bank holding company which primarily engages in the business activities of our wholly-owned financial institution subsidiary, Heritage Bank. We provide financial services to our local communities with an ongoing strategic focus on our commercial banking relationships, market expansion and asset quality. The Company s business activities generally are limited to passive investment activities and oversight of its investment in the Bank. Accordingly, the information set forth in this report relates primarily to the Bank s operations. 
 Our business consists primarily of commercial lending and deposit relationships with small to medium sized businesses and their owners in our market areas and attracting deposits from the general public. We also make real estate construction and land development loans and consumer loans. We additionally originate for sale or for investment purposes residential real estate loans on single family properties located primarily in our markets. 
 Our core profitability depends primarily on our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, which is the income that we earn on interest earning assets, comprised primarily of loans and investment securities, and interest expense, which is the amount we pay on our interest bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. Management manages the repricing characteristics of the Company's interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities to protect net interest income from changes in market interest rates and changes in the shape of the yield curve. Like most financial institutions, our net interest income is significantly affected by general and local economic conditions, particularly changes in market interest rates, including mostly recently significant changes as a result of inflation, and by governmental policies and actions of regulatory agencies. Net interest income is additionally affected by changes in the volume and mix of interest earning assets, interest earned on these assets, the volume and mix of interest bearing liabilities and interest paid on these liabilities. 
 Our net income is affected by many factors, including the provision for credit losses on loans. The provision for credit losses on loans is dependent on changes in the loan portfolio and management s assessment of the collectability of the loan portfolio as well as prevailing economic and market conditions. Management believes that the ACL on loans reflects the amount that is appropriate to provide for current expected credit losses in our loan portfolio based on our methodology. 
 Net income is also affected by noninterest income and noninterest expense. Noninterest income primarily consists of service charges and other fees, card revenue and other income. Noninterest expense consists primarily of compensation and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data processing and professional services. Compensation and employee benefits consist primarily of the salaries and wages paid to our employees, payroll taxes, expenses for retirement and other employee benefits. Occupancy and equipment expenses are the fixed and variable costs of buildings and equipment and consists primarily of lease expenses, depreciation charges, maintenance and utilities. Data processing consists primarily of processing and network services related to the Bank s core operating system, including the account processing system, electronic payments processing of products and services, internet and mobile banking channels and software-as-a-service providers. Professional services consist primarily of third-party service providers such as auditors, consultants and lawyers. 
 Results of operations may also be significantly affected by general and local economic and competitive conditions, changes in accounting, tax and regulatory rules, governmental policies and actions of regulatory authorities, including changes resulting from the COVID-19 Pandemic and inflation and the governmental actions taken to address these issues. Net income is also impacted by growth of operations through organic growth or acquisitions. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 Net income was 81.9 million, or 2.31 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared t o 98.0 million, or 2.73 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Net income decreased 16.2 million, or 16.5 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to decreases in reversal of provision for credit losses of 27.9 million and a 5.0 million decrease in noninterest income. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of 13.6 million in net interest income to 219.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 205.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of rising market interest rates and changes in the mix of total interest earning assets including an increase in higher yielding taxable securities. 
 The Company s efficiency ratio was 60.63 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 62.09 for the same period in 2021 . 

Average Balances, Yields and Rates Paid 
 The following table provides relevant net interest income information for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest Earning Assets: Loans receivable, net (2)(3) 
 3,852,604 174,275 4.52 4,181,464 189,832 4.54 4,335,564 192,417 4.44 Taxable securities 1,646,058 40,627 2.47 846,892 17,492 2.07 731,378 17,541 2.40 Nontaxable securities (3) 
 135,004 3,488 2.58 158,968 3,899 2.45 152,447 3,659 2.40 Interest earning deposits 913,374 9,067 0.99 1,193,724 1,608 0.13 315,847 703 0.22 Total interest earning assets 6,547,040 227,457 3.47 6,381,048 212,831 3.34 5,535,236 214,320 3.87 Noninterest earning assets 774,415 745,202 758,386 Total assets 7,321,455 7,126,250 6,293,622 Interest Bearing Liabilities: Certificates of Deposit 313,712 1,407 0.45 372,279 1,811 0.49 482,316 5,675 1.18 Savings accounts 646,565 381 0.06 598,492 367 0.06 489,471 526 0.11 Interest bearing demand and money market accounts 3,036,031 4,984 0.16 2,862,504 3,982 0.14 2,491,477 6,064 0.24 Total interest bearing deposits 3,996,308 6,772 0.17 3,833,275 6,160 0.16 3,463,264 12,265 0.35 Junior subordinated debentures 21,322 1,156 5.42 21,025 742 3.53 20,730 890 4.29 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 46,209 138 0.30 45,655 140 0.31 27,805 160 0.58 FHLB advances and other borrowings 137 6 4.38 1,466 8 0.55 Total interest bearing liabilities 4,063,976 8,072 0.20 3,899,955 7,042 0.18 3,513,265 13,323 0.38 Noninterest bearing demand deposits 2,326,178 2,269,921 1,847,387 Other noninterest bearing liabilities 119,359 114,307 127,390 Stockholders equity 811,942 842,067 805,580 Total liabilities and stock-holders equity 7,321,455 7,126,250 6,293,622 Net interest income and spread 219,385 3.27 205,789 3.16 200,997 3.49 Net interest margin 3.35 3.23 3.63 
 (1) Average balances are calculated using daily balances. 
 (2) Average loans receivable, net includes loans held for sale and loans classified as nonaccrual, which carry a zero yield. Interest earned on loans receivable, net includes the amortization of net deferred loan fees of 7.4 million, 28.4 million and 14.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Yields on tax-exempt loans and securities have not been stated on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 
 Net Interest Income and Margin Overview 
 One of the Company's key sources of earnings is net interest income. There are several factors that affect net interest income, including, but not limited to, the volume, pricing, mix and maturity of interest earning assets and interest bearing 
 28 

Table of Contents 

liabilities; the volume of noninterest earning assets, noninterest bearing demand deposits, other noninterest bearing liabilities and stockholders' equity; market interest rate fluctuations; and asset quality. 
 Market rates impact the results of the Company's net interest income, including the significant increases in the federal funds target rate by the Federal Reserve in response to inflation during 2022. The following table provides the federal funds target rate history and changes from each period since December 31, 2021 : 
 Change Date Rate ) Rate Change ) December 31, 2021 0.00 - 0.25 N/A March 17, 2022 0.25 - 0.50 0.25 May 5, 2022 0.75 - 1.00 0.50 June 16, 2022 1.50 - 1.75 0.75 July 28, 2022 2.25 - 2.50 0.75 September 22, 2022 3.00 - 3.25 0.75 November 3, 2022 3.75 - 4.00 0.75 December 15, 2022 4.25 - 4.50 0.50 
 The following table provides the changes in net interest income for the periods indicated due to changes in average asset and liability balances (volume), changes in average rates (rate) and changes attributable to the combined effect of volume and interest rates allocated proportionately to the absolute value of changes due to volume and changes due to interest rates: 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to changes in 
 Volume Yield/Rate Total Change (Dollars in thousands) Interest Earning Assets: Loans receivable, net (14,878) (679) (15,557) (8.2) Taxable securities 19,174 3,961 23,135 132.3 Nontaxable securities (611) 200 (411) (10.5) Interest earning deposits (464) 7,923 7,459 463.9 Total interest income 3,221 11,405 14,626 6.9 Interest Bearing Liabilities: Certificates of deposit (270) (134) (404) (22.3) Savings accounts 28 (14) 14 3.8 Interest bearing demand and money market accounts 252 750 1,002 25.2 Total interest bearing deposits 10 602 612 9.9 Junior subordinated debentures 11 403 414 55.8 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 2 (4) (2) (1.4) FHLB advances and other borrowings 6 6 100.0 Total interest expense 29 1,001 1,030 14.6 Net interest income 3,192 10,404 13,596 6.6 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to changes in 
 Volume Yield/Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest Earning Assets: Loans receivable, net (6,934) 4,349 (2,585) (1.3) Taxable securities 2,566 (2,615) (49) (0.3) Nontaxable securities 159 81 240 6.6 Interest earning deposits 1,278 (373) 905 128.7 Total interest income (2,931) 1,442 (1,489) (0.7) Interest Bearing Liabilities: Certificates of deposit (1,082) (2,782) (3,864) (68.1) Savings accounts 100 (259) (159) (30.2) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

2021 Compared to 2020 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to changes in 
 Volume Yield/Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest bearing demand and money market accounts 803 (2,885) (2,082) (34.3) Total interest bearing deposits (179) (5,926) (6,105) (49.8) Junior subordinated debentures 12 (160) (148) (16.6) Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 75 (95) (20) (12.5) FHLB advances and other borrowings (4) (4) (8) (100.0) Total interest expense (96) (6,185) (6,281) (47.1) Net interest income (2,835) 7,627 4,792 2.4 
 Total interest income increased 14.6 million, or 6.9 , to 227.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 212.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in total interest income was primarily due to an increase in average balances of taxable securities and secondarily due to increased yields on interest earning assets, offset partially by a 15.6 million decrease in interest earned on loans receivable, net resulting from a decrease in deferred SBA PPP loan fees recognized. SBA PPP interest and fee income decreased 26.9 million, or 83.8 , to 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 32.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to a decline in the volume of forgiven SBA PPP loans. 
 The following table presents the loan yield and the impacts of SBA PPP loans and the incremental accretion on acquired loans on this financial measure for the periods presented below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Loan yield (GAAP) 4.52 4.54 Exclude impact from SBA PPP loans (0.09) (0.20) Exclude impact from incremental accretion on acquired loans (0.04) (0.07) Loan yield excluding SBA PPP loans and incremental accretion on acquired loans (non-GAAP) 4.39 4.27 
 (1) For additional information, see the "Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures." 
 The impact to loan yield from recoveries of interest and fees on loans classified as nonaccrual was three basis points during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to seven basis points during the same period in 2021. 
 Total interest expense increased 1.0 million, or 14.6 , to 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to an increase in average rates paid on deposit accounts as a result of upward market pressure and an increase in average rates paid on junior subordinated debentures as a result of rising market interest rates. 
 The net interest margin increased 12 basis points to 3.35 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.23 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest margin was due primarily to increases in average yields on total interest earning assets as a result of increases in market interest rates and the change in the mix of total interest earning assets to higher yielding assets, including an increase in higher yielding taxable securities. This was partially offset by an increase in the average cost of interest bearing liabilities as a result of upward market pressure related to deposit rates. 

Provision for Credit Losses Overview 
 The aggregate of the provision for credit losses on loans and the provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments is presented on the Consolidated Statements of Income as the "(Reversal of) provision for credit losses." The ACL on unfunded commitments is included on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition within "Accrued expenses and other liabilities." 
 The following table presents the reversal of provision for credit losses for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Reversal of provision for credit losses on loans (563) (27,298) 26,735 (97.9) Reversal of provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments (863) (2,074) 1,211 (58.4) Reversal of provision for credit losses (1,426) (29,372) 27,946 (95.1) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

The reversal of provision for credit losse s recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to a 3.4 million reduction in the ACL on loans individually evaluated for losses offset partially by an increase related to the growth in balances of collectively evaluated loans. 
 The reversal of provision for credit losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 was due substantially to continued improvements in the economic forecast at December 31, 2021 as compared to the forecast at December 31, 2020. 

Noninterest Income Overview 
 The following table presents the change in the key components of noninterest income for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Service charges and other fees 10,390 9,207 1,183 12.8 Card revenue 8,885 8,325 560 6.7 Gain (loss) on sale of investment securities, net (256) 29 (285) (982.8) Gain on sale of loans, net 633 3,644 (3,011) (82.6) Interest rate swap fees 402 661 (259) (39.2) Bank owned life insurance income 3,747 2,520 1,227 48.7 Gain on sale of other assets, net 469 4,405 (3,936) (89.4) Other income 5,321 5,824 (503) (8.6) Total noninterest income 29,591 34,615 (5,024) (14.5) 
 Nonintere st income decreased due primarily to lower gain on sale of other assets, net and lower gain on sale of loans, net. The decrease in the gain on sale of other assets, net, was due to a higher gain on sale of branches held for sale recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of branch consolidations. The decrease in gain on sale of loans, net was due to a decline in origination and sales volumes as a result of the higher interest rate environment. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in bank owned life insurance income due to the recognition of a death benefit of 1.0 million during year ended December 31, 2022 as well as increases in service charges and other fees and card revenue reflecting increased customer transactions as businesses reopened in our market areas. 

Noninterest Expense Overview 
 The following table presents changes in the key components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Compensation and employee benefits 92,092 88,765 3,327 3.7 Occupancy and equipment 17,465 17,243 222 1.3 Data processing 16,800 16,533 267 1.6 Marketing 1,643 2,143 (500) (23.3) Professional services 2,497 3,846 (1,349) (35.1) State/municipal business and use tax 3,634 3,884 (250) (6.4) Federal deposit insurance premium 2,015 2,106 (91) (4.3) Amortization of intangible assets 2,750 3,111 (361) (11.6) Other expense 12,070 11,638 432 3.7 Total noninterest expense 150,966 149,269 1,697 1.1 
 Noninterest expense increased due primarily to an increase in compensation and employee benefits as a result of an increase in the number of full-time equivalent employees including the addition of commercial and relationship banking teams in the second quarter of 2022 and an increase in salaries and wages due to upward market pressure. This increase was offset partially by a decrease in professional services, which were elevated during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to costs associated with our participation in the SBA PPP, as well as a decrease in marketing expenses due to less activity. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Income Tax Expense Overview 
 The following table presents the income tax expense and related metrics and the change for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Income before income taxes 99,436 120,507 (21,071) (17.5) Income tax expense 17,561 22,472 (4,911) (21.9) Effective income tax rate 17.7 18.6 (0.9) (4.8) 
 Income tax expense and the effective income tax rate both decreased due primarily to lower pre-tax income, which increased the impact of favorable permanent tax items such as tax-exempt investments, investments in bank owned life insurance and LIHTC. 

Financial Condition Overview 
 The table below provides a comparison of the changes in the Company's financial condition for the periods indicated: 
 Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Assets Cash and cash equivalents 103,590 1,723,292 (1,619,702) (94.0) Investment securities available for sale, at fair value, net 1,331,443 894,335 437,108 48.9 Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost, net 766,396 383,393 383,003 99.9 Loans held for sale 1,476 (1,476) (100.0) Loans receivable, net 4,007,872 3,773,301 234,571 6.2 Premises and equipment, net 76,930 79,370 (2,440) (3.1) Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 8,916 7,933 983 12.4 Bank owned life insurance 122,059 120,196 1,863 1.5 Accrued interest receivable 18,547 14,657 3,890 26.5 Prepaid expenses and other assets 296,181 183,543 112,638 61.4 Other intangible assets, net 7,227 9,977 (2,750) (27.6) Goodwill 240,939 240,939 Total assets 6,980,100 7,432,412 (452,312) (6.1) Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Deposits 5,907,420 6,394,290 (486,870) (7.6) Deposits held for sale 17,420 17,420 100.0 Total Deposits 5,924,840 6,394,290 (469,450) (7.3) Junior subordinated debentures 21,473 21,180 293 1.4 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 46,597 50,839 (4,242) (8.3) Accrued expenses and other liabilities 189,297 111,671 77,626 69.5 Total liabilities 6,182,207 6,577,980 (395,773) (6.0) Common stock 552,397 551,798 599 0.1 Retained earnings 345,346 293,238 52,108 17.8 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net (99,850) 9,396 (109,246) (1,162.7) Total stockholders' equity 797,893 854,432 (56,539) (6.6) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 6,980,100 7,432,412 (452,312) (6.1) 
 Total assets decreased due primarily to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents reflecting deployment of excess liquidity into purchases of higher yielding investment securities and loans. Total liabilities and stockholders' equity decreased due primarily to a decrease in deposits as well as a decrease in AOCI following an increase in market interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022, which negatively impacted the fair value of our investment securities available for sale portfolio at December 31, 2022. The changes are discussed in more detail in the sections below. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Investment Activities Overview 
 Our investment policy is established by the Company's Board of Directors and monitored by the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. It is designed primarily to provide and maintain liquidity, generate a favorable return on investments without incurring undue interest rate and credit risk, and complements the Bank's lending activities. The policy permits investment in various types of liquid assets permissible under applicable regulations. Investment in non-investment grade bonds and stripped mortgage-backed securities is not permitted under the policy. 
 The following table provides information regarding our investment securities at the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Balance of Total Balance of Total (Dollars in thousands) Investment securities available for sale, at fair value: U.S. government and agency securities 63,859 3.0 21,373 1.7 42,486 198.8 Municipal securities 153,026 7.3 221,212 17.3 (68,186) (30.8) Residential CMO and MBS 424,386 20.2 306,884 24.0 117,502 38.3 Commercial CMO and MBS 664,421 31.8 315,861 24.7 348,560 110.4 Corporate obligations 3,834 0.2 2,014 0.2 1,820 90.4 Other asset-backed securities 21,917 1.0 26,991 2.1 (5,074) (18.8) Total 1,331,443 63.5 894,335 70.0 437,108 48.9 Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost: U.S. government and agency securities 150,936 7.2 141,011 11.0 9,925 7.0 Residential CMO and MBS 290,318 13.8 24,529 1.9 265,789 1,083.6 Commercial CMO and MBS 325,142 15.5 217,853 17.1 107,289 49.2 Total 766,396 36.5 383,393 30.0 383,003 99.9 Total investment securities 2,097,839 100.0 1,277,728 100.0 820,111 64.2 
 Total investment securities increased due primarily to purchases to deploy excess liquidity into higher yielding, longer duration assets. Purchases of investment securities available for sale were offset partially by a 139.1 million decrease in the fair value of these investment securities as a result of an increase in market interest rates resulting in an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022 of 128.6 million compared to an unrealized gain at December 31, 2021 of 10.5 million. 
 The following table provides the weighted average yield at December 31, 2022 calculated based upon the fair values of our investment securities available for sale and held to maturity and excluding any income tax benefits of tax-exempt bonds: 
 In one year or less After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Total Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield (Dollars in thousands) Investment securities available for sale: U.S. government and agency securities 26,989 2.24 24,739 1.21 5,910 2.67 6,221 2.32 63,859 1.89 Municipal securities 2,735 3.11 15,038 3.20 45,807 3.32 89,446 2.72 153,026 2.93 Residential CMO and MBS 138 2.05 8,786 2.41 53,168 2.86 362,294 2.52 424,386 2.56 Commercial CMO and MBS 5,000 393,651 3.27 253,184 2.46 12,586 2.65 664,421 2.93 Corporate obligations 3,834 5.00 3,834 5.00 Other asset-backed securities 3,054 2.56 18,863 5.79 21,917 5.34 Total 34,862 1.98 445,268 3.14 361,903 2.64 489,410 2.69 1,331,443 2.81 
 33 

Table of Contents 

In one year or less After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Total Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield (Dollars in thousands) Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. government and agency securities 67,817 2.08 49,534 1.81 117,351 1.97 Residential CMO and MBS 48,701 3.31 224,177 4.03 272,878 3.90 Commercial CMO and MBS 4,568 2.02 259,561 2.29 19,076 3.05 283,205 2.43 Total 4,568 2.02 376,079 2.45 292,787 3.59 673,434 2.95 

Loan Portfolio Overview 
 Changes by loan type 
 The Bank originates a wide variety of loans with a focus on commercial business loans. In addition to originating loans, the Bank may also acquire loans through pool purchases, participation purchases and syndicated loan purchases. The following table provides information about our loan portfolio by type of loan at the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Amortized Cost of Loans Receivable Amortized Cost of Loans Receivable (Dollars in thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial 692,100 17.1 621,567 16.3 70,533 11.3 SBA PPP 1,468 145,840 3.8 (144,372) (99.0) Owner-occupied CRE 937,040 23.1 931,150 24.4 5,890 0.6 Non-owner occupied CRE 1,586,632 39.2 1,493,099 39.2 93,533 6.3 Total commercial business 3,217,240 79.4 3,191,656 83.7 25,584 0.8 Residential real estate 
 343,631 8.5 164,582 4.3 179,049 108.8 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 80,074 2.0 85,547 2.2 (5,473) (6.4) Commercial and multifamily 214,038 5.3 141,336 3.7 72,702 51.4 Total real estate construction and land development 294,112 7.3 226,883 5.9 67,229 29.6 Consumer 195,875 4.8 232,541 6.1 (36,666) (15.8) Total 4,050,858 100.0 3,815,662 100.0 235,196 6.2 
 Loans receivable increased due primarily to higher loan demand as well as increased utilization of commercial and industrial lines of credit and a decline in loan prepayments. The increase in residential real estate loans included 139.0 million of purchased residential real estate loans. This increase was offset partially by repayments of SBA PPP loans and a decrease in consumer loans due primarily to repayments of 54.4 million in indirect loans as the Bank ceased indirect auto loan originations in 2020. 
 Composition of loans receivable by contractual maturity and interest type 
 The following table presents the amortized cost of the loan portfolio by segment and contractual maturity at December 31, 2022: 
 In one year or less After one year through five years After five years through 15 years After 15 years Total (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial 143,690 265,621 273,033 9,756 692,100 SBA PPP 1,468 1,468 Owner-occupied CRE 34,181 188,922 650,447 63,490 937,040 
 34 

Table of Contents 

In one year or less After one year through five years After five years through 15 years After 15 years Total (In thousands) Non-owner occupied CRE 57,977 454,566 1,041,298 32,791 1,586,632 Total commercial business 235,848 910,577 1,964,778 106,037 3,217,240 Residential real estate 
 15 173 64,626 278,817 343,631 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 56,602 10,177 13,295 80,074 Commercial and multifamily 32,397 74,065 62,554 45,022 214,038 Total real estate construction and land development 88,999 84,242 62,554 58,317 294,112 Consumer 10,558 63,770 8,979 112,568 195,875 Total 335,420 1,058,762 2,100,937 555,739 4,050,858 
 The following table presents the amortized cost of the loan portfolio by segment and interest rate type that are due after one year at December 31, 2022: 
 Have predetermined interest rates (1) 
 Have floating or adjustable interest rates (1) 
 Total (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial 329,262 219,148 548,410 SBA PPP 1,468 1,468 Owner-occupied CRE 491,408 411,451 902,859 Non-owner occupied CRE 722,303 806,352 1,528,655 Total commercial business 1,544,441 1,436,951 2,981,392 Residential real estate 
 299,155 44,461 343,616 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 20,463 3,009 23,472 Commercial and multifamily 118,248 63,393 181,641 Total real estate construction and land development 138,711 66,402 205,113 Consumer 66,988 118,329 185,317 Total 2,049,295 1,666,143 3,715,438 
 (1) Includes 2.5 million of real estate construction and land development loans with predetermined interest rates and 284.9 million of commercial business loans with floating or adjustable interest rates in which the Bank entered into non-hedge interest rate swap contracts with the borrower and a third-party. Under these derivative contract arrangements, the Bank effectively earns a variable rate of interest based on the one-month LIBOR plus a margin, except for interest rate swap contracts on construction loans that earn fixed rates until the end of the construction period and the variable rate swap becomes effective. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 389.0 million of loans in our portfolio tied to LIBOR. To mitigate the uncertainty surrounding the LIBOR transition, the Bank has been utilizing specific contract language in new loan agreements beginning in 2021 that provides for changes in the index used to calculate the loan's interest rate. Additionally, effective January 25, 2021, the Bank agreed to adhere to the Interbank Offered Rate Fallbacks Protocol as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc recommended by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans, accruing loans past due 90 days or more performing TDR loans and nonperforming assets 
 The following table provides information about our nonaccrual loans, accruing loans past due 90 days or more, performing TDR loans and nonperforming assets for the dates indicated: 
 Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans: (1) 
 Commercial business 5,869 23,107 (17,238) (74.6) 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Residential real estate 
 47 (47) (100.0) Real estate construction and land development 37 571 (534) (93.5) Consumer 29 (29) (100.0) Total nonaccrual loans 5,906 23,754 (17,848) (75.1) Other real estate owned n/a Total nonperforming assets 5,906 23,754 (17,848) (75.1) Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 1,615 293 1,322 451.2 Credit quality ratios: Nonaccrual loans to loans receivable 0.15 0.62 (0.47) (75.8) Nonaccrual loans to total assets 0.08 0.32 (0.24) (75.0) Performing TDR loans: (1) 
 Commercial business 43,395 57,142 (13,747) (24.1) Residential real estate 172 358 (186) (52.0) Real estate construction and land development 6,137 450 5,687 1,263.8 Consumer 737 1,160 (423) (36.5) Total performing TDR loans 50,441 59,110 (8,669) (14.7) 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 1.5 million, and 1.4 million of nonaccrual loans, respectively, and 2.0 million and 1.6 million of performing TDR loans, respectively, were guaranteed by government agencies. 
 The following table provides the changes in nonaccrual loans during the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Balance, beginning of period 23,754 58,092 (34,338) (59.1) Additions to nonaccrual loan classification 1,325 1,495 (170) (11.4) Net principal payments and transfers to accruing status (14,612) (14,786) 174 (1.2) Payoffs (4,390) (19,857) 15,467 (77.9) Charge-offs (171) (1,190) 1,019 (85.6) Balance, end of period 5,906 23,754 (17,848) (75.1) 
 Nonaccrual loans decreased 17.8 million, or 75.1 , to 5.9 million due primarily to ongoing collection efforts, including the partial payoff of two large commercial and industrial loan relationships totaling 1.9 million and the transfer of six commercial business loan relationships totaling 10.2 million back to accrual status. The Bank also sold a pool of 14 nonaccrual loans totaling 1.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Overview 
 The following table provides information regarding changes in our ACL on loans for the years indicated: 
 At or For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (Dollars in thousands) ACL on loans at the beginning of the period 42,361 70,185 (27,824) (39.6) Charge-offs: Commercial business (316) (1,276) 960 (75.2) 
 36 

Table of Contents 

At or For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate 
 (30) (30) 100.0 Real estate construction and land development (1) 1 (100.0) Consumer (547) (669) 122 (18.2) Total charge-offs (893) (1,946) 1,053 (54.1) Recoveries: Commercial business 929 816 113 13.8 Residential real estate 
 3 3 100.0 Real estate construction and land development 384 32 352 1100.0 Consumer 765 572 193 33.7 Total recoveries 2,081 1,420 661 46.5 Net recoveries (charge-offs) 1,188 (526) 1,714 (325.9) (Reversal of) provision for credit losses on loans (563) (27,298) 26,735 (97.9) ACL on loans at the end of period 42,986 42,361 625 1.5 Credit quality ratios: ACL on loans to loans receivable 1.06 1.11 (0.05) (4.5) ACL on loans to loans receivable, excluding SBA PPP loans (1) 
 1.06 1.15 (0.09) (7.8) ACL on loans to nonaccrual loans 727.84 178.33 549.51 308.1 ACL on loans to nonperforming assets 727.84 178.33 549.51 308.1 Average balances outstanding during the period: (2) 
 Commercial business 3,188,238 3,540,728 (352,490) (10.0) Residential real estate 250,780 123,875 126,905 102.4 Real estate construction and land development 242,528 301,532 (59,004) (19.6) Consumer 212,306 271,834 (59,528) (21.9) Total 3,893,852 4,237,969 (344,117) (8.1) Net (recoveries) charge-offs during the period to average balances outstanding during the period: Commercial business (0.02) 0.01 (0.03) (300) Residential real estate 0.01 0.01 0.01 Real estate construction and land development (0.16) (0.01) (0.15) 1500 Consumer (0.10) 0.04 (0.14) (350) Total (0.03) 0.01 (0.04) (400) 
 (1) The ACL on loans does not include a reserve for SBA PPP loans as these loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA. See "Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures" section below. 
 (2) Average balances exclude the ACL on loans and loans held for sale, but include loans classified as nonaccrual. 
 The ACL on loans increased due primarily to net recoveries offset partially by a reversal of provision for credit losses. The reversal of provision for credit losses of 563,000 was due primarily to a reduction of loans individually evaluated for losses and as a result, their related ACL of 3.4 million, offset by an increase in ACL on loans collectively evaluated due to loan growth. There were also improvements in the economic forecast used in the CECL model at December 31, 2022 as compared to the economic forecast at December 31, 2021. T he economic forecast at December 31, 2022 considered the potential impact of inflation and potential recession; however, the December 31, 2021 considered a more significant impact as a result of COVID-19 and related variants. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the ACL on loans by loan portfolio segment at the indicated dates: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change ACL on loans Percent of 
 Total (1) 
 ACL on loans Percent of 
 Total (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial business 30,718 79.4 33,049 83.7 (2,331) (7.1) Residential real estate 2,872 8.5 1,409 4.3 1,463 103.8 Real estate construction and land development 7,063 7.3 5,276 5.9 1,787 33.9 Consumer 2,333 4.8 2,627 6.1 (294) (11.2) Total ACL on loans 42,986 100.0 42,361 100.0 625 1.5 
 (1) Represents the percent of loans receivable by loan category to loans receivable. 

Deposits Overview 
 The following table summarizes the Company's deposits at the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Balance (1) 
 Percent of Total Balance Percent of Total (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest demand deposits 2,099,464 35.5 2,343,909 36.7 (244,445) (10.4) Interest bearing demand deposits 1,830,727 30.9 1,946,605 30.4 (115,878) (6.0) Money market accounts 1,063,243 17.9 1,120,174 17.5 (56,931) (5.1) Savings accounts 623,833 10.5 640,763 10.0 (16,930) (2.6) Total non-maturity deposits 5,617,267 94.8 6,051,451 94.6 (434,184) (7.2) Certificates of deposit 307,573 5.2 342,839 5.4 (35,266) (10.3) Total deposits 5,924,840 100.0 6,394,290 100.0 (469,450) (7.3) 
 (1) Deposit balances includes deposits held for sale at December 31, 2022. 
 Total deposits decreased due primarily to competitive pricing pressures and customers moving excess funds to alternative higher yielding investments, utilization of funds received through the SBA PPP and investment in property and equipment by commercial deposit customers. A portion of these balances were transferred to assets under management by the Bank's Wealth Management department. 
 The Bank entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third party to sell and transfer assets, deposits and other liabilities of its branch in Ellensburg during the three months ended September 30, 2022. As a result of entering into this purchase and sale agreement, 17.4 million in deposits are classified as held for sale. The lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustment upon transferring these deposits to held for sale was not material. The sale is expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2023; however, the completion of this sale depends on many factors including regulatory approval. 
 Total deposits include uninsured deposits of 2.37 billion and 2.68 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, calculated in accordance with FDIC guidelines. The Bank does not hold any foreign deposits. 
 The following table provides the uninsured portion of certificates of deposit at December 31, 2022, by account, with a maturity of: 
 (In thousands) Three months or less 15,250 Over three months through six months 13,999 Over six months through twelve months 26,855 Over twelve months 6,358 Total 62,462 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Stockholders' Equity Overview 
 The Company s stockholders' equity to assets ratio was 11.4 and 11.5 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The following table provides the changes to stockholders' equity during the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Balance, beginning of period 854,432 820,439 33,993 4.1 Net income 81,875 98,035 (16,160) (16.5) Dividends declared (29,767) (29,197) (570) 2.0 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax (109,246) (15,622) (93,624) 599.3 Common stock repurchased (3,196) (22,889) 19,693 (86.0) Stock-based compensation expense 3,795 3,666 129 3.5 Balance, end of period 797,893 854,432 (56,539) (6.6) 
 Stockholder's equity decreased due primarily to a decrease in AOCI as a result of an increase in other comprehensive loss, net of tax, following increases in market interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022, which negatively impacted the fair value of our investment securities available for sale. AOCI has no effect on our regulatory capital ratios as the Company opted to exclude it from our common equity tier 1 capital. Cash dividends and stock repurchases also contributed to the decrease in stockholders' equity, partly offset by net income earned during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Company repurchased 100,090 and 904,972 shares of its common stock under the Company's stock repurchase plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table provides the material cash requirements and capital resources from known contractual and other obligations and sources as of December 31, 2022: 
 One Year or Less Over One Year Other (1) 
 Total (Dollars in thousands) Cash requirements: Unfunded commitments - loans and letters of credits 1,280,349 1,280,349 Maturing certificates of deposit 270,575 36,998 307,573 Unfunded commitment of LIHTCs 30,429 75,769 106,198 Operating leases 4,744 21,750 26,494 Junior subordinated debentures 25,000 25,000 Non-maturity deposits 5,617,267 5,617,267 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 46,597 46,597 Total cash requirements 1,586,097 159,517 5,663,864 7,409,478 Capital resources: Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents 103,590 103,590 FHLB and FRB borrowing availability (2) 
 1,273,061 1,273,061 Unencumbered investment securities available for sale 34,862 1,289,085 1,323,947 Loans receivable scheduled repayments, by contractual maturity date 335,420 3,715,438 4,050,858 Fed funds line borrowing availability 215,000 215,000 Investment securities held to maturity, by contractual maturity date 673,434 673,434 Total capital resources 1,961,933 5,677,957 7,639,890 
 (1) Represents the undefined maturity of non-maturity deposits, including noninterest bearing demand deposits, interest bearing demand deposits, money market accounts and savings accounts, and securities sold under agreement to repurchase, which can generally both be withdrawn on demand. 
 (2) Includes FHLB borrowing availability of 1.23 billion at December 31, 2022 based on pledged assets, however, maximum credit capacity is 45 of the Bank's total assets one quarter in arrears or 3.14 billion. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

We maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents and investment securities to meet short-term liquidity needs and actively monitor our long-term liquidity position to ensure the availability of capital resources for contractual obligations, strategic loan growth objectives and to fund operations. Our funding strategy has been to acquire non-maturity deposits from our retail accounts, acquire noninterest bearing demand deposits from our commercial customers and use our borrowing availability to fund growth in assets. We may also acquire brokered deposits when the cost of funds is advantageous to other funding sources. Borrowings may be used on a short-term basis to compensate for reductions in other sources of funds (such as deposit inflows at less than projected levels). Borrowings may also be used on a longer-term basis to support expanded lending activities and match the maturity of repricing intervals of assets. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans are a predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by the level of interest rates, economic conditions and competition so we adhere to internal management targets assigned to the loan to deposit ratio, liquidity ratio, net short-term non-core funding ratio and non-core liabilities to total assets ratio to ensure an appropriate liquidity position. 
 The Company pays dividends to our shareholders and the primary source of the Company's liquidity is cash obtained from dividends from the Bank. We expect to continue our current practice of paying quarterly cash dividends on our common stock subject to our Board of Directors discretion to modify or terminate this practice at any time and for any reason without prior notice. Our current quarterly common stock dividend rate is 0.22 per share, as approved by our Board of Directors, which we believe is a dividend rate per share which enables us to balance our multiple objectives of managing and investing in the Bank and returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. Assuming continued payment during 2023 at this rate of 0.22 per share, our average total dividend paid each quarter would be approximately 7.7 million based on the number of our current outstanding shares (which assumes no increases or decreases in the number of shares). 
 Management believes the capital sources are adequate to meet all reasonably foreseeable short-term and intermediate-term cash requirements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the registrant. The Company considers its critical accounting estimates to be as follows: 
 ACL on Loans 
 Management's estimate of the ACL on loans relies on the identification, stratification and separate estimates of loss for loans individually evaluated for loss and loans collectively evaluated for loss. The estimate of loss for loans collectively evaluated for loss particularly involves a significant level of estimation uncertainty due to its complexity and quantity of inputs including: management's determination of baseline loss rate multipliers based on a third-party forecast of economic conditions, an estimate of the reasonable and supportable forecast period, an estimate of the baseline loss rate lookback period, an estimate of the reversion period from the reasonable and supportable forecast period to the baseline loss rate, and an estimate of the prepayment rate and related lookback period. Additionally, management considers other qualitative risk factors to further adjust the estimated ACL on loans through a qualitative allowance. 
 Management's estimates for these inputs are based on past events and current conditions, are inherently subjective, and are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available to recognize credit losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on declines in local and national economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Bank s ACL on loans. Such agencies may require the Bank to make adjustments to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examinations. Unanticipated changes in any of these inputs could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 For additional information regarding the ACL on loans, its relation to the provision for credit losses, its risk related to asset quality and lending activity, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our ACL on loans may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolio as well as Note (1) Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Note (4) Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 ACL on Unfunded Commitments 
 The allowance methodology for unfunded commitments is similar to the ACL on loans, but additionally includes considerations of the current utilization of the commitment, an estimate of the future utilization, an estimate of utilization of construction loans prior to completion and an estimate of construction loan advance rates as determined appropriate by historical commitment utilization and the Bank's estimates of future utilization given current economic forecasts. Unanticipated changes in loss rates estimated in the ACL on loans, as utilized in the methodology for the ACL on unfunded commitments, or the expected utilization of unfunded commitments could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 For additional information regarding the ACL on unfunded commitments, see Note (1) Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Note (20) Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill 
 The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2022 and determined, based on a qualitative assessment utilizing the Company's market capitalization, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value, such that the Company's goodwill was not considered impaired for the year ended December 31, 2022. Changes in the economic environment, operations of the reporting unit or other adverse events, could result in future impairment charges which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operating results. 
 For additional information regarding goodwill, see Note (1) Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Note (7) Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 

Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures 
 This Form 10-K contains certain financial measures not presented in accordance with GAAP in addition to financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company has presented these non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K because it believes they provide useful and comparative information to assess trends in the Company s performance and asset quality and to facilitate comparison of its performance with the performance of its peers. These non-GAAP measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied and are not audited. They should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies. Reconciliations of the GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are presented below. 
 The Company believes presenting loan yield excluding the effect of discount accretion on acquired loans is useful in assessing the impact of acquisition accounting on loan yield as the effect of loan discount accretion is expected to decrease as the acquired loans mature or roll off its balance sheet. Incremental accretion on acquired loans represents the amount of interest income recorded on acquired loans in excess of the contractual stated interest rate in the individual loan notes due to incremental accretion of purchased discount or premium. Purchased discount or premium is the difference between the contractual loan balance and the fair value of acquired loans at the acquisition date, or as modified by the adoption of ASU 2016-13. The purchased discount is accreted into income over the remaining life of the loan. The impact of incremental accretion on loan yield will change during any period based on the volume of prepayments, but it is expected to decrease over time as the balance of the acquired loans decreases. Similarly, presenting loan yield excluding the effect of SBA PPP loans is useful in assessing the impact of these special program loans that have substantially decreased within a short time frame. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Loan yield, excluding SBA PPP Loans and Incremental Accretion on Acquired Loans, annualized: Interest and fees on loans (GAAP) 174,275 189,832 Exclude interest and fees on SBA PPP loans (5,215) (32,109) Exclude incremental accretion on acquired loans (1,436) (2,638) Adjusted interest and fees on loans (non-GAAP) 167,624 155,085 Average loans receivable, net (GAAP) 3,852,604 4,181,464 Exclude average SBA PPP loans (37,533) (549,422) Adjusted average loans receivable, net (non-GAAP) 3,815,071 3,632,042 Loan yield, annualized (GAAP) 4.52 4.54 Loan yield, excluding SBA PPP loans and incremental accretion on acquired loans, annualized (non-GAAP) 4.39 4.27 
 The Company considers presenting the ratio of ACL on loans to loans receivable, excluding SBA PPP loans, to be a useful measurement in evaluating the adequacy of the Company's ACL on loans as the balance of SBA PPP loans was significant to the loan portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2021, and since SBA PPP loans are guaranteed by the SBA, the Company has not provided an ACL on loans for SBA PPP loans. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) ACL on Loans to Loans Receivable, excluding SBA PPP Loans: Allowance for credit losses on loans (GAAP) 42,986 42,361 Loans receivable (GAAP) 4,050,858 3,815,662 Exclude SBA PPP loans (1,468) (145,840) Loans receivable, excluding SBA PPP (non-GAAP) 4,049,390 3,669,822 ACL on loans to loans receivable (GAAP) 1.06 1.11 ACL on loans to loans receivable, excluding SBA PPP loans (non-GAAP) 1.06 1.15 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. We incur market risk in the normal course of business through our exposure to market interest rates, equity prices and credit spreads. Our primary market risk is interest rate risk, which is the risk of loss of net interest income or net interest margin resulting from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk results primarily from the traditional banking activities in which the Bank engages, such as gathering deposits and extending loans. Many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences, affect the difference between the interest earned on our assets and the interest paid on our liabilities. Management regularly reviews our exposure to changes in interest rates. Among the factors considered are changes in the mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, interest rate spreads and repricing periods. The risk committee of the Board of Directors oversees market risk management, including the monitoring of risk measures and limits and policy guidelines, for the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. 
 ICE Benchmark Administration, the authorized and regulated administrator of LIBOR, ended publication of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors on December 31, 2021 and the remaining USD LIBOR tenors will end publication in June 2023. The market transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. To mitigate the uncertainty surrounding the LIBOR transition, the Bank has been utilizing specific contract language in new loan agreements beginning in 2021 that provides for changes in the index used to calculate the loan's interest rate. Additionally, effective January 25, 2021, the Bank agreed to adhere to the Interbank Offered Rate Fallbacks Protocol as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc recommended by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. For more information, see the risk factor We will be required to transition from the use of the LIBOR in the future in Item 1A. Risk Factors--Other Risks Related to Operational Matters. 
 Neither we, nor the Bank, maintain a trading account for any class of financial instrument, nor do we, or the Bank, engage in hedging activities or purchase high risk derivative instruments. Moreover, neither we, nor the Bank, are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk or commodity price risk. 
 Net interest income simulation 
 An income simulation model is the primary tool we use to assess the direction and magnitude of changes in net interest income resulting from changes in interest rates. Modeling the sensitivity of net interest income is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. Key assumptions in the model include prepayment speeds on loans and investment securities, repricing betas on non-maturity deposits, and pricing on investment securities, loans, and borrowings. In order to measure the interest rate risk sensitivity as of December 31, 2022, this simulation model uses a no balance sheet growth assumption and assumes an instantaneous and sustained uniform change in market interest rates at all maturities. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the net interest income projections should be viewed as an estimate of the net interest income sensitivity at the time of the analysis. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Based on the results of the simulation model, the following table presents the change in our net interest income as a result of parallel rate shock scenarios for the presented periods after the dates shown: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount Change in Net Interest Income Amount Change in Net Interest Income (Dollars in thousands) Modeled increase in market interest rates of 100 basis points Increase in net interest income in Year 1 5,113 2.0 21,554 11.8 Increase in net interest income in Year 2 11,147 4.1 28,307 15.9 Modeled increase in market interest rates of 200 basis points Increase in net interest income in Year 1 8,181 3.2 40,762 22.4 Increase in net interest income in Year 2 19,889 7.3 53,779 30.1 Modeled decrease in market interest rates of 100 basis points Decrease in net interest income in Year 1 (5,433) (2.1) (6,445) (3.5) Decrease in net interest income in Year 2 (10,534) (3.9) (18,261) (10.2) Modeled decrease in market interest rates of 200 basis points Decrease in net interest income in Year 1 (16,840) (6.6) N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 Decrease in net interest income in Year 2 (29,942) (11.0) N/A (1) 
 N/A (1) 
 
 (1) Given the overall level of market interest rates at December 31, 2021, the "Down 200" results did not provide meaningful output and therefore were excluded. 
 These scenarios are based on market interest rates as of the last day of a reporting period published by independent sources that are actively traded in the open market. The simulations used to manage market risk are based on numerous assumptions regarding the effect of changes in interest rates on the timing and extent of reprice characteristics, future cash flows and customer behavior. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and actual results will differ, as a result, the model cannot precisely estimate net interest income or precisely predict the impact of higher or lower net interest income. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Heritage Financial Corporation 
 Olympia, Washington 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition of Heritage Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Stockholders Equity, and Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures 
 44 

Table of Contents 

that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Qualitative Allowance 
 As described in Note 1, Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Note 4, Allowance for Credit Losses ACL on Loans to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated allowance for credit losses on loans was 43.0 million at December 31, 2022 and reversal of provision for credit losses on loans was 563,000 for the year then ended. The ACL on loans evaluation is inherently subjective, as it utilizes estimates that require a high degree of judgment relating to risk characteristics of loan segments, macroeconomic variables used in forecasting, and other qualitative risk factors. Changes in these judgments and estimates could have a material effect on the Company s financial results. 
 The Company primarily uses a historic loss, open pool credit loss methodology to calculate the ACL on loans, which the Company has applied to identified loan segments with similar risk characteristics. The allowance for collectively evaluated loans is comprised of the baseline loss allowance, the macroeconomic allowance, and the qualitative allowance. The baseline loss allowance begins with the baseline loss rates calculated using average quarterly historical loss information for an economic cycle. The baseline loss rates are applied to each loan's estimated cash flows over the life of the loan under the remaining life method to determine the baseline loss estimate for each loan. The macroeconomic methodology incorporates a macroeconomic sensitive model which calculates multipliers for each loan segment to account for the current and forecasted conditions that adjust the baseline historical loss rates over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. Management also considers other qualitative risk factors to further adjust the estimated ACL on loans through a qualitative allowance. These adjustments are subjectively selected by management and are based on established metrics to estimate risk. 
 The subjective nature of the qualitative risk factor adjustments requires significant judgment by management both in the selection of qualitative factors to apply, if any, and the magnitude of the adjustment once selected. The audit procedures over the qualitative allowance utilized in management s methodology involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment, including the use of more experienced audit personnel. Therefore, we identified auditing the ACL qualitative allowance as a critical audit matter. 
 Our audit procedures to address this critical audit matter primarily included the following: 
 Tested the operating effectiveness of controls over application of the macroeconomic sensitive model and related factors including: 
 The Company s ACL committee s review and approval of the qualitative risk factor adjustments used to derive the qualitative allowance for the ACL on loans, and the relevance and reliability of the data used therein. 
 Management s controls over the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in the qualitative allowance for the ACL on loans. 
 Substantively tested management s application of the macroeconomic sensitive model and related factors including: 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments used in the determination of the qualitative risk factor adjustments by loan segment and the resulting allocation to the qualitative allowance for the ACL on loans. 
 Evaluated the reliability and relevancy of data used as a basis for the qualitative risk factor adjustments. 
 Tested the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in management s ACL methodology to derive the qualitative allowance for the ACL on loans. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012. 

February 24, 2023 
 45 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (In thousands, except shares) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash on hand and in banks Interest earning deposits Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available for sale, at fair value, net (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost, net (fair value of and , respectively) 
 Total investment securities Loans held for sale Loans receivable Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Loans receivable, net Premises and equipment, net Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Other intangible assets, net Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Deposits Deposits held for sale Total deposits Junior subordinated debentures Securities sold under agreement to repurchase Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts and shares outstanding) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME: Interest and fees on loans Taxable interest on investment securities Nontaxable interest on investment securities Interest on interest earning deposits Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE: Deposits Junior subordinated debentures Other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income (Reversal of) provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after (reversal of) provision for credit losses NONINTEREST INCOME: Service charges and other fees Card revenue Gain (loss) on sale of investment securities, net ) Gain on sale of loans, net Interest rate swap fees Bank owned life insurance income Gain on sale of other assets, net Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE: Compensation and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Marketing Professional services State/municipal business and use taxes Federal deposit insurance premium Other real estate owned, net ) Amortization of intangible assets Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends declared per share Average number of basic shares outstanding Average number of diluted shares outstanding 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Change in fair value of investment securities available for sale, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) ) Amortization of net unrealized gain for the reclassification of investment securities available for sale to held to maturity, net of tax of ), ) and , respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net loss (gain) from sale of investment securities available for sale included in income, net of tax of , ) and ), respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Number of common shares Common stock Retained earnings AOCI Total stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2021 Restricted stock units vested Stock-based compensation expense Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Number of common shares Common stock Retained earnings AOCI Total stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2020 Restricted stock units vested Stock-based compensation expense Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Number of common shares Common stock Retained earnings AOCI Total stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2019 Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units vested Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation expense Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) December 31, 2020 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2020, the Bank adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses . 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion ) ) (Reversal of) provision for credit losses ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of intangible assets Origination of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans held for sale Bank owned life insurance income ) ) ) Valuation adjustment on interest rate swaps ) ) Gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Gain on sale of mortgage loans held for sale, net ) ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of investment securities, net ) ) Gain on sale of assets held for sale ) ) ) Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Loan originations and purchases, net of payments ) ) Maturities and repayments of investment securities available for sale Maturities and repayments of investment securities held to maturity Purchase of investment securities available for sale ) ) ) Purchase of investment securities held to maturity ) ) Proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Proceeds from sales of assets held for sale Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance death benefit Cash received from return of NMTC equity method investment Capital contributions to tax credit partnerships ) ) ) Net cash (used) provided by investing activities ) ) 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) Common stock cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in securities sold under agreement to repurchase ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash (used) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Supplemental non-cash disclosures of cash flow information: Transfer of investment securities available for sale to held to maturity Investment in tax credit partnerships and related funding commitment Loans received from return of NMTC equity method investment ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Transfers of premises and equipment classified as held for sale to prepaid expenses and other assets from premises and equipment, net Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) 
 Transfer of bank owned life insurance to prepaid expenses and other assets due to death benefit accrued, but not paid Transfers of loans receivable to other real estate owned Transfer of deposits to deposits held for sale 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(1) 
 
 branch offices located throughout Washington State, the greater Portland, Oregon area and Eugene, Oregon. The Bank s business consists primarily of commercial lending and deposit relationships with small and medium-sized businesses and their owners in its market areas and attracting deposits from the general public. The Bank also makes real estate construction and land development loans, consumer loans and originates first mortgage loans on residential properties primarily located in its market areas. The Bank's deposits are insured by the FDIC. 
 (b) 
 
 (c) Significant Accounting Policies 
 52 

Table of Contents 

. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

54 

Table of Contents 

55 

Table of Contents 

to years; and for furniture, fixtures and equipment is three to seven years. The Company reviews premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, for impairment whenever events or changes in the circumstances indicate that the undiscounted cash flows for the property are less than its carrying value. If identified, an impairment loss is recognized through a charge to earnings based on the fair value of the property. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

or more. The Company does not account for any leases at a portfolio level. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

million of qualified equity investments in certified development entities eligible to receive NMTC. The NMTC program provides federal tax incentives to investors to make investments in distressed communities and promotes economic improvements through the development of successful businesses in these communities. The NMTC is available to investors over a seven-year period and is subject to recapture if certain events occur during such period. The Company is required to fund of a tranche by a predetermined deadline to claim the entire tax credit. The Company funded its tranche before the deadline. The Company dissolved the NMTC investment during the year ended December 31, 2021 after gross tax credits related to the Company's certified development entities totaling million were utilized during the seven year period ending December 31, 2020. Prior to dissolution, the Company accounted for its NMTC on the equity method and reported the investment balance in "Prepaid expenses and other assets" on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and the related investment income was recognized in "Other income" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 The Company has a Deferred Compensation Plan and has entered into similar arrangements with certain executive officers. Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, participants are permitted to elect to defer compensation and the Company has the discretion to make additional contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan on behalf of any participant based on a number of factors. Such discretionary contributions are generally approved by the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. The notional account balances of participants under the Deferred Compensation Plan earn interest on an annual basis. The applicable interest rate is the Moody s Seasoned Aaa Corporate Bond Yield as of January 1 of each year. Generally, a participant s account is payable upon the earliest of the participant s separation from service with the Company, the participant s death or disability, or a specified date that is elected by the participant in accordance with applicable rules of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended. 
 Additionally, in conjunction with the Company's merger with Premier Commercial Bancorp in 2018, the Company assumed a Salary Continuation Plan. The Salary Continuation Plan is an unfunded non-qualified deferred compensation plan for select former Premier Commercial executive officers, some of which are current Company officers. Under the Salary Continuation Plan, the Company will pay each participant, or their beneficiary, specified amounts over specified periods beginning with the individual's termination of service due to retirement subject to early termination provisions. 
 The Company s obligation to make payments under the Deferred Compensation Plan and the Salary Continuation Plan is a general obligation of the Company and is to be paid from the Company s general assets. As such, participants are general unsecured creditors of the Company with respect to their participation under both plans. The Company records a liability within "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and records the expense as "Compensation and employee benefits" on the Consolidated Statements of Income in a systematic and rational manner. Since the amounts earned under the Deferred Compensation Plan are generally based on the Company s annual performance, the Company records deferred compensation expense each year for an amount calculated based on that year s financial performance. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

(Reversal of) Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 reportable operating segment. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

(d) 
 million and an increase to the ACL on unfunded commitments of million, which resulted in a pretax cumulative-effect adjustment of million. The impact of this adjustment to beginning retained earnings on January 1, 2020 was million, net of tax. 
 FASB ASU 2020-04 , Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) , as amended by ASU 2021-01, and ASU 2022-06 was issued in March 2020 and provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020. In December 2022, FASB amended this ASU and deferred the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024. The amendments are elective, apply to all entities, and provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The Bank s interest rate swap-related transactions are the majority of the Company's LIBOR exposure. Effective January 25, 2021, the Company adhered to the Interbank Offered Rate Fallbacks Protocol as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and recommended by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its business operations or Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 FASB ASU 2022-02 , Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures , was issued in March 2022. The ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for TDR loans by creditors while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Specifically, rather than applying the recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs, the entity will apply the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance to determine whether a modification or other form of restructuring results in a new loan or continuation of an existing loan. Additionally, the ASU requires public business entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases. These amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, since the Company previously adopted the amendments in ASU 2016-13. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period if an entity has adopted ASU 2016-13 and such election may be made individually to adopt the guidance related to TDRs, including related disclosures, and the presentation of gross write-offs in the vintage disclosure. This update requires prospective transition for the disclosures related to loan restructurings for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty and the presentation of gross write-offs in the vintage disclosures. The guidance related to the recognition and measurement of TDRs may be adopted on a prospective or modified retrospective transition method. The Company has not yet adopted this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2022 does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its business operations or Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

(2) 
 million of U.S. government and agency securities from the available for sale classification to the held to maturity classification. The net unrealized after tax gain remained in AOCI and is amortized over the remaining life of the securities, offsetting the related amortization of discount or premium on the transferred securities. No gains or losses were recognized at the time of the transfer. 
 There were investment securities classified as trading at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

) Municipal securities ) Residential CMO and MBS ) Commercial CMO and MBS ) Corporate obligations ) Other asset-backed securities ) Total ) Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. government and agency securities ) Residential CMO and MBS ) Commercial CMO and MBS ) Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (In thousands) Investment securities available for sale: U.S. government and agency securities ) Municipal securities ) Residential CMO and MBS ) Commercial CMO and MBS ) Corporate obligations Other asset-backed securities ) Total ) Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. government and agency securities ) Residential CMO and MBS ) Commercial CMO and MBS ) Total ) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total investment securities due at a single maturity date Mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 Total investment securities 
 (1) Mortgage-backed securities, which have prepayment provisions, are not assigned to maturity categories due to fluctuations in their payment speed. 
 There were holdings of investment securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (b) Unrealized Losses on Investment Securities Available for Sale 
 ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Residential CMO and MBS ) ) ) Commercial CMO and MBS ) ) ) Corporate obligations ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses (In thousands) U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Residential CMO and MBS ) ) ) Commercial CMO and MBS ) ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 (c) ACL on Investment Securities 
 The Company evaluated investment securities available for sale as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and determined that any declines in fair value were attributable to changes in interest rates relative to where these investments fall within the yield curve and individual characteristics. Management monitors published credit ratings for adverse changes for all rated investment securities and none of these securities had a below investment grade credit rating as of both December 31, 
 62 

Table of Contents 

ACL on investment securities available for sale was recorded as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Company also evaluated investment securities held to maturity for current expected credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were investment securities held to maturity classified as nonaccrual or past due as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and all were issued by the U.S. government and its agencies and either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, highly rated by major credit rating agencies and had a long history of no credit losses. Accordingly, the Company did not measure expected credit losses on investment securities held to maturity since the historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts results in an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero. Therefore, ACL on investment securities held to maturity was recorded as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (d) Realized Gains and Losses 
 The following table presents the gross realized gains and losses on the sale of investment securities available for sale during the following periods: 
 Gross realized losses ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) ) 
 (e) Pledged Securities 
 Federal Reserve Bank credit facility 
 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase Other securities pledged Total 
 (f) Accrued Interest Receivable 
 Accrued interest receivable excluded from the amortized cost of investment securities available for sale totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Accrued interest receivable excluded from the amortized cost on investment securities held to maturity totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 amounts of accrued interest receivable on investment securities available for sale or held to maturity were reversed against interest income on investment securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 (G) Non-Marketable Securities 
 As a member bank of Visa U.S.A., we held shares of Visa Inc. Class B common stock at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. These shares have a carrying value of and are restricted from resale to non-member banks of Visa U.S.A. until their conversion into Class A (voting) shares upon the termination of Visa Inc.'s Covered Litigation escrow account. Because of the restriction and the uncertainty on the conversion rate to Class A shares, these shares lack a readily determinable fair value. 

(3) 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

segments: commercial business; residential real estate; real estate construction and land development; and consumer. Within these segments are classes of loans for which management monitors and assesses credit risk. 
 The Bank has certain lending policies and guidelines in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and guidelines on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and nonperforming and criticized loans. The Bank also conducts internal loan reviews and validates the credit risk assessment on a periodic basis and presents the results of these reviews to management. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by loan officers and credit personnel. 
 SBA PPP Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Residential real estate 
 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Commercial and multifamily 
 Total real estate construction and land development Consumer Loans receivable Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Loans receivable, net Balances included in the amortized cost of loans receivable: Unamortized net discount on acquired loans ) ) Unamortized net deferred fee ) ) 
 A discussion of the risk characteristics of each loan portfolio segment is as follows: 
 Commercial Business : 
 There are four significant classes of loans in the commercial business portfolio segment discussed separately below: 
 Commercial and industrial. Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may include a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers. Commercial and industrial loans carry more risk than other loans because the borrowers cash flow is less predictable and in the event of a default the amount of loss is potentially greater and more difficult to quantify because the value of the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate, may be uncollectible or may be obsolete or of limited use, among other things. 
 SBA PPP. The Bank began originating SBA PPP loans following the enactment of the CARES Act in April 2020. SBA PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA, intended for businesses impacted by the COVID-19 Pandemic and designed to provide near term relief to help small businesses sustain operations. These loans have either a or maturity date and earn interest at . The Bank also earned a fee based on the size of the loan, which is recognized over the life of the loan. The Bank no longer originates SBA PPP loans as the program expired on May 31, 2021. 
 Owner-occupied and non-owner occupied CRE. The Bank originates CRE loans primarily within its primary market areas. These loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and industrial loans in that these 
 64 

Table of Contents 

of the lower of appraised value at origination or cost of the underlying collateral. Terms of maturity typically range from to years. The Bank sells a portion of originated residential real estate loans in the secondary market. In addition to originating residential real estate loans, the Bank began purchasing pools of residential real estate loans during the year ended 2022. All purchased loans adhere to the Bank's underwriting standards. 
 Real Estate Construction and Land Development : 
 The Bank originates construction loans for residential and for commercial and multifamily properties. The residential construction loans generally include construction of custom single-family homes whereby the home owner is the borrower. The Bank also provides financing to builders for the construction of pre-sold residential homes and, in selected cases, to builders for the construction of speculative single-family residential property. Construction loans are typically short-term in nature and priced with variable rates of interest. Construction loans may also include construction to permanent financing where the loan term includes both the construction phase and term loan. Construction lending can involve a higher level of risk than other types of lending because funds are advanced partially based upon the value of the project, which is uncertain prior to the project s completion. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs as well as the market value of a completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property, the Bank s estimates with regard to the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio may vary from actual results. As a result, construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property or refinance the indebtedness. If the Bank s estimate of the value of a project at completion proves to be overstated, it may have inadequate security for repayment of the loan and may incur a loss if the borrower does not repay the loan. Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed property or an interim loan commitment from the Bank until permanent financing is obtained. These loans are closely monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being dependent upon successful completion of the construction project, market interest rate changes, government regulation of real property, general economic conditions and the availability of long-term financing. 
 Consumer : 
 The Bank originates consumer loans and lines of credit that are both secured and unsecured. The underwriting process for these loans ensures a qualifying primary and secondary source of repayment. Underwriting standards for home equity loans are significantly influenced by statutory requirements, which include, but are not limited to, a maximum loan-to-value percentage of , collection remedies, the number of such loans a borrower can have at one time and documentation requirements. To monitor and manage consumer loan risk, policies and procedures are developed and modified, as needed. The majority of consumer loans are for relatively small amounts disbursed among many individual borrowers which reduces the overall credit risk for this segment. To further reduce the risk, trend reports are reviewed by management on a regular basis. 
 The Bank also purchased indirect consumer loans. These indirect consumer loans were secured by new and used automobile and recreational vehicles and were originated indirectly by established and well-known dealers located in our market areas. In addition, the indirect loans purchased were made to only prime borrowers. The Bank ceased indirect auto loan originations in March 2020. 
 (b) Concentrations of Credit 
 Most of the Bank s lending activity occurs within its primary market areas which are concentrated along the I-5 corridor from Whatcom County to Clark County in Washington State, and Multnomah, Washington and Lane County in Oregon, as well as other contiguous markets and represents a geographic concentration. Additionally, the Bank's loan portfolio is concentrated in commercial business loans, including commercial and industrial, owner and nonowner-occupied CRE and commercial and multifamily real estate construction and land development loans. Commercial business loans, excluding SBA PPP loans, are generally considered as having more inherent risk of default than residential real estate loans or other consumer loans. Also, the commercial loan balance per borrower is typically larger than that for residential real estate loans and consumer loans, implying higher potential losses on an individual loan basis. 
 (c) Credit Quality Indicators 
 As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Bank s loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to (i) the risk grade of the loans, (ii) the level of classified loans, (iii) net charge-offs, (iv) nonperforming loans, (v) past due status, and (vi) the general economic conditions of the United States of America, and specifically the states of Washington and Oregon. The Bank utilizes a risk grading matrix to assign a risk grade to each of its loans. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 10. A description of the general characteristics of the risk grades is as follows: 
 65 

Table of Contents 

SM 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Total SBA PPP Pass Owner-occupied CRE Pass SM SS Total Non-owner occupied CRE Pass SM SS Total Total commercial business Pass SM SS Total Residential real estate 
 Pass SS Total Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Pass Commercial and multifamily 
 Pass SM SS Total Total real estate construction and land development Pass SM SS Total Consumer Pass SS Total Loans receivable Pass SM SS Total 
 (1) Represents the loans receivable balance at December 31, 2022 which was converted from a revolving loan to an amortizing loan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

SM SS Total SBA PPP Pass Total 139,253 6,587 145,840 Owner-occupied CRE Pass SM SS Doubtful or Loss Total Non-owner-occupied CRE Pass SM SS Total Total commercial business Pass SM SS Total Residential real estate Pass SM SS Total Real estate construction and land development: Residential Pass Total Commercial and multifamily 
 Pass SM SS Total Total real estate construction and land development Pass SM SS Total 
 68 

Table of Contents 

SM SS Total Loans receivable Pass SM SS Total 
 (1) Represents the loans receivable balance at December 31, 2021 which was converted from a revolving loan to an amortizing loan during the year ended December 31, 2021 
 (d) Nonaccrual Loans 
 Owner-occupied CRE Total commercial business Real estate construction and land development: Commercial and multifamily 
 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Nonaccrual without ACL Nonaccrual with ACL Total Nonaccrual (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Residential real estate 
 Real estate construction and land development: Commercial and multifamily 
 Consumer Total 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ) Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business ) ) Residential real estate 
 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Commercial and multifamily 
 ) Total real estate construction and land development ) Consumer ) Total ) ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income was recognized subsequent to a loan s classification as nonaccrual, except as indicated in the tables above due to payment in full or sale. 
 (e) Past due loans 
 The Bank performs an aging analysis of past due loans using policies consistent with regulatory reporting requirements with categories of 30-89 days past due and 90 or more days past due. 
 SBA PPP Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Residential real estate 
 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Commercial and multifamily 
 Total real estate construction and land development Consumer Total 
 December 31, 2021 30-89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Past Due Current Loans Receivable (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial SBA PPP 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Residential real estate 
 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Commercial and multifamily 
 Total real estate construction and land development Consumer Total 
 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest were million and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (f) Collateral-dependent Loans 
 Owner-occupied CRE Total 
 December 31, 2021 
 CRE Farmland Residential Real Estate Other Total (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Real estate construction and land development: Commercial and multifamily 
 Total 
 There have been no significant changes to the collateral securing loans individually evaluated for credit losses and for which repayment was expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral during the year ended December 31, 2022, except changes due to additions or removals of loans in this classification. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Residential real estate 
 Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Commercial and multifamily 
 Total real estate construction and land development Consumer Total 
 (1) Number of contracts and amortized cost represent loans which have balances as of period end, net of subsequent payments after modifications. Certain TDR loans may have been paid-down or charged-off during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The Bank had an ACL on loa ns of , million, and million at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively, related to these TDR loans which were restructured during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The unfunded commitment to borrowers related to TDR loans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Total 
 (1) Number of contracts and amortized cost represent TDR loans which have balances as of period end, net of subsequent payments after modifications. Certain TDR loans may have been paid-down or charged-off during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, , and TDR loans defaulted because each was past its modified maturity date and the borrower had not subsequently repaid the credits. The Bank chose not to further extend the maturity date on these TDR loans. The Bank had an ACL on loans for these TDR loans which defaulted during the related years of , , and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Principal additions Principal reductions ) ) ) Balance outstanding at the end of year 
 The Company had and of unfunded commitments to related parties and all related party loans were performing in accordance with the underlying loan agreements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (i) Residential Real Estate Loan Sales 
 The Bank originates residential real estate loans; a portion of which are sold on the secondary market. The Bank does not retain servicing on loans sold in the secondary market. There were loans held for sale at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Sold Gain on sale of loans, net (2) 
 
 (1) Includes loans originated for sale in the secondary market or for the Bank's loan portfolio. 
 (2) Excludes net gains on sales of SBA and other loans. 
 (j) Commercial Loan Sales, Servicing, and Commercial Servicing Asset 
 The following table presents the d 
 Loans serviced for others with participating interest, participation balance owned by Bank (1) 
 
 (1) Included in the balance of "Loans receivable " on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Company recognized , and of servicing income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company's servicing asset at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. There was valuation allowance on the Company's servicing asset as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (k) Accrued interest receivable on loans receivable 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans receivable totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. It is excluded from the calculation of the ACL on loans as interest accrued, but not received, is reversed timely. 

(4) 
 73 

Table of Contents 

, or , due primarily to net recoveries of million offset partially by a reversal of provision for credit losses on loans of . The reversal of provision for credit losses was driven by a million reduction in the ACL on loans individually evaluated for losses and their related ACL offset partially by an increase related to the growth in balances of certain segments of collectively evaluated loans. 
 The ACL on loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 did not include a reserve for SBA PPP loans as these loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Impact of CECL Adoption Balance at the beginning of the year, as adjusted Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged-off (Reversal of) provision for credit losses on loans ) ) Balance at the end of the year 
 The following tables detail the activity in the ACL on loans by segment and class for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Beginning Balance Charge-offs Recoveries (Reversal of) Provision for Credit Losses Ending Balance (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial ) ) Owner-occupied CRE ) Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business ) ) Residential real estate 
 ) Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 Commercial and multifamily 
 Total real estate construction and land development Consumer ) ) Total ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Beginning Balance Charge-offs Recoveries (Reversal of) Provision for Credit Losses Ending Balance (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial ) ) Owner-occupied CRE ) ) 
 74 

Table of Contents 

) Total commercial business ) ) Residential real estate ) Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 ) Commercial and multifamily 
 ) ) Total real estate construction and land development ) ) Consumer ) ) Total ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Beginning Balance Impact of CECL Adoption Beginning Balance, as Adjusted Charge-offs Recoveries (Reversal of) Provision for Credit Losses Ending Balance (In thousands) Commercial business: Commercial and industrial ) ) Owner-occupied CRE ) Non-owner occupied CRE ) Total commercial business ) ) Residential real estate ) Real estate construction and land development: Residential 
 ) Commercial and multifamily 
 ) Total real estate construction and land development ) Consumer ) ) Unallocated ) Total ) 

(5) 
 
 Additions Proceeds from dispositions ) Gain (loss) on sale, net Balance at the end of the year 
 75 

Table of Contents 

consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties (included in "Loans receivable" on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position) for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process. 

(6) 
 
 Buildings and building improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total premises and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Premises and equipment, net 
 Total depreciation expense on premises and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(7) 
 additions to goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s analysis concluded the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value so the Company's goodwill was not considered impaired. Similarly, no goodwill impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Even though there was goodwill impairment at December 31, 2022, changes in the economic environment, operations of the reporting unit or other adverse events could result in future impairment charges which could have a material impact on the Company s operating results. 
 (b) Other Intangible Assets 
 Other intangible assets represent core deposit intangible acquired in business combinations with estimated useful lives of . additions during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense related to other intangible assets for future years as of December 31, 2022 is as follows, in thousands: 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

(8) 
 Interest rate swap liability (1) 
 ) ) 
 (1) The estimated fair value of derivatives with customers was ) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The estimated fair value of derivatives with third-parties was million and ) million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 and , and reduced by as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively, due to the change in the credit valuation adjustment. 

(9) 
 ) ) Interest bearing demand deposits ) ) Money market accounts ) ) Savings accounts ) ) Total non-maturity deposits ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total deposits ) ) 
 Deposit accounts overdrawn and reclassified to loans receivable were and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Accrued interest payable on deposits was and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and is included in "Accrued expenses and other liabilities" in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The following table presents 
 Money market accounts Savings accounts Certificates of deposit Total interest expense 
 2024 2025 2026 
 77 

Table of Contents 

2027 Total 
 Certificates of deposit issued in denominations equal to or in excess of 250,000 totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Deposits received from related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. 

(10) 
 million at the merger date. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance of the junior subordinated debentures, net of unaccreted discount, was million and million, respectively. 
 Washington Banking Master Trust, a Delaware statutory business trust, was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Washington Banking Company created for the exclusive purposes of issuing and selling capital securities and utilizing sale proceeds to acquire junior subordinated debentures issued by the Washington Banking Company. During 2007, the Trust issued million of trust preferred securities with a -year maturity, callable after the fifth year. The trust preferred securities have a quarterly adjustable rate based upon the three-month LIBOR plus . On the merger date, the Company acquired the Trust, which retained the Washington Banking Master Trust name, and assumed the performance and observance of the covenants under the indenture related to the trust preferred securities. 
 The adjustable rate of the trust preferred securities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted average rate of the junior subordinated debentures for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted average rate includes the accretion of the discount established at the merger date which is amortized over the life of the trust preferred securities. 
 The junior subordinated debentures are the sole assets of the Trust and payments under the junior subordinated debentures are the sole revenues of the Trust. All of the common securities of the Trust are owned by the Company. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the capital securities along with all obligations of the Trust under the trust agreements. For financial reporting purposes, the Company's investment in the Master Trust is accounted for under the equity method and is included in "Prepaid expenses and other assets" on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The junior subordinated debentures issued and guaranteed by the Company and held by the Master Trust are reflected as "Junior subordinated debentures" on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

(11) 
 maturities as a supplement to funding sources. Securities sold under agreement to repurchase are secured by pledged investment securities. Under the securities sold under agreement to repurchase , the Company is required to maintain an aggregate market value of securities pledged greater than the balance of the securities sold under agreement to repurchase . The Company is required to pledge additional securities to cover any declines below the balance of the securities sold under agreement to repurchase . For additional information on the total value of investment securities pledged for securities sold under agreement to repurchase see Note (2) Investment Securities. 
 Residential CMO and MBS Commercial CMO and MBS Total 

(12) 
 78 

Table of Contents 

billion. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Bank had FHLB advances outstanding. 
 Advances from the FHLB may be collateralized by FHLB stock owned by the Bank, deposits at the FHLB, certain commercial and residential real estate loans, investment securities or other assets. In accordance with the pledge agreement, the Company must maintain unencumbered collateral in an amount equal to varying percentages ranging from to of outstanding advances depending on the type of collateral. 
 (b) Federal Funds Purchased 
 The Bank maintains advance lines with five correspondent banks to purchase federal funds totaling million as of December 31, 2022. The lines generally mature annually or are reviewed annually. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were federal funds purchased. 
 (c) Credit Facilities 
 The Bank maintains a credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank with available borrowing capacity of million as of December 31, 2022. There were borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Any advances on the credit facility would be secured by either investment securities or certain types of the Bank's loans receivable. 
 (d) Related Party Borrowings 
 The Company did t have any borrowings from related parties as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

(13) 
 million and million, respectively and is included in "Prepaid expenses and other assets" on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The related operating lease ROU liability was million and million, respectively and is included in " Accrued expenses and other liabilities " on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company does not have any leases designated as finance leases. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total net lease cost during the period Operating cash used for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities during the period ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities during the period Weighted average remaining lease term of operating leases, in years, at period end Weighted average discount rate of operating leases, at period end 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ROU liability 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into two lease agreements for million and million commencing on January 1, 2023 and May 1, 2023. These lease agreements are not included in the lease payment obligations in the table above. 

(14) 
 , not to be greater than of eligible compensation, up to Internal Revenue Service limits. All participants are vested in all accounts at all times. Employer matching contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 The Plan may make profit sharing and discretionary contributions which are completely discretionary. Participants are eligible for profit sharing contributions upon credit of hours of service during the plan year, the attainment of years of age and employment on the last day of the year. Employees are vested in profit sharing contributions at all times. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company made employer profit sharing contributions. 
 (b) Employment Agreements 
 The Company has entered into contracts with certain senior officers that provide benefits under certain conditions following termination without cause or following a change in control of the Company. 
 (c) Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Company has a Deferred Compensation Plan which provides its directors and select executive officers with the opportunity to defer current compensation. 
 Employer contributions Employer contributions Interest credited Benefits Paid ) ) ) Balance outstanding at the end of the year 
 (d) Salary Continuation Plan 
 In conjunction with the Company's merger with Premier Commercial Bancorp in 2018, the Company assumed an unfunded deferred compensation plan for select former Premier Commercial executive officers, some of which are current Company officers. 
 Benefits paid ) ) ) Expenses incurred Obligation, at the end of the year 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

(15) 
 Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) Net income allocated to common shareholders Basic: Weighted average common shares outstanding Restricted stock awards ) Total basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of potentially dilutive common shares (2) 
 Total diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Potentially dilutive shares that were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because to do so would be anti-dilutive (3) 
 
 (1) Represents dividends paid and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock awards. 
 (2) Represents the effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards and units. 
 (3) Anti-dilution occurs when the exercise price of a stock option or the unrecognized compensation cost per share of a restricted stock award or unit exceeds the market price of the Company s stock. 
 (b) Dividends 
 The timing and amount of cash dividends paid on the Company's common stock depends on the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors. Dividends on common stock from the Company depend substantially upon receipt of dividends from the Bank, which is the Company s predominant source of income. 
 
 The FDIC and the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions, Division of Banks have the authority under their supervisory powers to prohibit the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company. Additionally, current guidance from the Federal Reserve provides, among other things, that dividends per share on the Company s common stock generally should not exceed earnings per share, measured over the previous four fiscal quarters. Current regulations allow the Company and the Bank to pay dividends on their common stock if the Company s or the Bank s regulatory capital would not be reduced below the statutory capital requirements set by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

of the Company's outstanding common shares, or approximately shares, under the eleventh stock repurchase plan. On March 12, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to of the Company's outstanding common shares, or shares, under the twelfth stock repurchase plan after all shares under the eleventh stock repurchase plan had been repurchased. The number, timing and price of shares repurchased under the twelfth stock repurchase plan will depend on business and market conditions and other factors, including opportunities to deploy the Company's capital. 
 Stock repurchase average share price Twelfth Stock Repurchase Plan Repurchased shares Stock repurchase average share price 
 (1) Represents shares repurchased and average price per share paid during the duration of each plan. 
 In addition to the stock repurchases under a stock repurchase plan, the Company repurchases shares to pay withholding taxes on the vesting of restricted stock awards and units. 
 Stock repurchase to pay withholding taxes average share price 
 (d) Issuance of Common Stock 
 Common stock was issued during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the exercise of stock options as further described in Note (17) Stock-Based Compensation. 

(16) 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Municipal securities Residential CMO and MBS Commercial CMO and MBS Corporate obligations Other asset-backed securities Total investment securities available for sale Equity security Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Liabilities Derivative liabilities - interest rate swaps 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Municipal securities Residential CMO and MBS Commercial CMO and MBS Corporate obligations Other asset-backed securities Total investment securities available for sale Equity security Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Liabilities Derivative liabilities - interest rate swaps 
 Nonrecurring Basis 
 The Company may be required to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 (1) Basis represents the outstanding principal balance of collateral-dependent loans. 
 Basis (1) 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) Collateral-dependent loans: Commercial business: Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied CRE Total commercial business Real estate construction and land development: Commercial and multifamily 
 Total Prepaid expenses and other assets: Branch held for sale (2) 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 (1) Basis represents the outstanding principal balance of collateral-dependent loans and the carrying value of the branch held for sale. 
 (2) In December 2021, one branch was written down to its net realizable value concurrent with the signing of an agreement for sale and was sold during the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

) ) Owner-occupied CRE ) ) Total commercial business ) ) Real estate construction and land development: Commercial and multifamily 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets: Branch held for sale ) ) Net gain (loss) from nonrecurring fair value adjustments ) ) 
 Market approach Adjustment for differences between the comparable sales N/A (1) 
 
 (1) Quantitative disclosures are not provided for collateral-dependent loans because there were no adjustments made to the appraisal or stated values during the current period. 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable Input(s) Range of Inputs; Weighted Average (Dollars in thousands) Collateral-dependent loans Market approach Adjustment for differences between the comparable sales - ); 
 Branch held for sale Market approach Sale agreement N/A 
 (b) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Broadly traded markets do not exist for most of the Company s financial instruments; therefore, the fair value calculations attempt to incorporate the effect of current market conditions at a specific time. These determinations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and do not include tax ramifications; therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision, substantiated by comparison to independent markets and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the instruments. There may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the results. For all of these reasons, the aggregation of the fair value calculations presented herein do not represent, and should not be construed to represent, the underlying value of the Company. 
 Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans receivable, net 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Equity security Financial Liabilities: Non-maturity deposits Certificates of deposit Securities sold under agreement to repurchase Junior subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities - interest rate swaps 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Fair Value Fair Value Measurements Using: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) Financial Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets - interest rate swaps Equity security Financial Liabilities: Non-maturity deposits Certificates of deposit Securities sold under agreement to repurchase Junior subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities - interest rate swaps 

(17) 
 shares of the Company's common stock in the form of various types of stock-based compensation. As of December 31, 2022, shares remaining available for future issuance under the Equity Plan totaled . 
 (a) Stock Option Awards 
 All outstanding stock options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2020. The intrinsic value from options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2020 was . The cash proceeds from options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2020 was . 
 Exercised ) 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2020 
 
 (b) Restricted Stock Awards 
 Restricted stock awards generally had a cliff vesting or four-year ratable vesting schedule. The remaining restricted stock awards vested during the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards of , and a related tax benefit of . The vesting date fair value of restricted stock awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2020 was . 
 Vested ) Nonvested at December 31, 2020 
 
 (c) Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock units generally vest ratably over and are subject to service conditions in accordance with each award agreement. 
 Performance-based restricted stock units have a cliff vesting schedule, participate in dividends and are additionally subject to performance-based vesting. The conditions of the grants allow for an actual payout ranging between payout and of target. The payout level is calculated based on the percentile level of the market condition, which includes the ratio of the Company's total shareholder return and the ratio of the Company's return on average assets and return on tangible common equity over the performance period in relation to the performance of these metrics of a predetermined peer group. The fair value of each performance-based restricted stock unit, inclusive of the market condition, was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and will be recognized over the vesting period. The Monte-Carlo simulation model uses the same input assumptions as the Black-Scholes model; however, it also further incorporates into the fair value determination the possibility the market condition may not be satisfied. Compensation costs related to these awards are recognized regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided the requisite service has been provided. 
 Expected Term in Years Weighted-Average Risk Free Interest Rate Weighted Average Fair Value Correlation coefficient ABA NASDAQ Community Bank Index ABA NASDAQ Community Bank Index ABA NASDAQ Community Bank Index Range of peer company volatilities - 
 - 
 - 
 Range of peer company correlation coefficients - 
 - 
 - 
 Company volatility Company correlation coefficient 
 Expected volatilities in the model were estimated using a historical period consistent with the performance period of approximately . The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units of million, million, and million respectively, and a related tax benefit of , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units was million and the related weighted-average period over which the compensation expense is expected to be recognized is approximately years. The vesting date fair value of the restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

(18) 
 cash restrictions at December 31, 2022 and had restricted cash included in interest earning deposits of million at December 31, 2021, relating to collateral required on interest rate swaps from third-parties as discussed in Note (8) Derivative Financial Instruments. The Bank does not have a collateral requirement with customers. 

(19) 
 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense 
 The CARES Act, among other things, permitted net operating loss carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition, the CARES Act allowed net operating loss carrybacks incurred in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a tax benefit from net operating loss carryback related to prior acquisitions of . 
 The effective tax rate was for the December 31, 2022 compared to an effective tax rate of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to the change in income before income taxes earned between the periods, including a decrease in annual pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2022 which increased the impact of favorable permanent tax items such as tax-exempt investments, investments in bank owned life insurance and low-income housing tax credits. The following table presents the 
 State tax, net of Federal tax benefit Tax-exempt instruments ) ) ) 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Effects of BOLI ) ) ) Tax benefit of CARES Act carryback ) Other, net Income tax expense 
 (1) Federal tax credits are provided for under the NMTC and LIHTC programs as described in Note (1) Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements. Gross tax credits related to the Company's NMTC totaling million were utilized during the seven year period ended December 31, 2020. 
 Accrued compensation Stock compensation Market discount on acquired loans Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans Net operating loss carryforward acquired ROU lease liability Net unrealized losses on investment securities Other deferred tax assets Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred loan fees, net ) ) Premises and equipment ) ) FHLB stock ) ) Goodwill and other intangible assets ) ) Junior subordinated debentures ) ) ROU lease asset ) ) Net unrealized gains on investment securities ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax asset, net 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. A valuation allowance is required to be recognized for the portion of the deferred tax asset that will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. As of December 31, 2022, based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management expects to realize the benefits of these deductible differences. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward of and , respectively, that do not expire. The Company is limited to the amount of the net operating loss carryforward that it can deduct each year under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Due to sufficient earnings history and other positive evidence, management has t recorded a valuation allowance on the net operating loss carryforward as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had an insignificant amount of unrecognized tax benefits, none of which would materially affect its effective tax rate if recognized. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease in the next 12 months. The amount of interest and 
 89 

Table of Contents 

million that arose before 1988 (base-year amount). In accordance with FASB ASC 740, an estimated deferred tax liability of has not been recognized for the temporary difference. Management does not expect this temporary difference to reverse in the foreseeable future. 
 The Company and its Bank subsidiary file a United States consolidated federal income tax return and Oregon State and local income tax returns, and the tax years subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service are the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

(20) 
 Owner-occupied CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Total commercial business Real estate construction and land development: Residential Commercial and multifamily 
 Total real estate construction and land development Consumer Total outstanding commitments 
 The following table details the activity in the ACL on unfunded commitments during the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Balance, beginning of period Impact of CECL Adoption Adjusted balance, beginning of period (Reversal of) provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (b) Variable Interests - LIHTC Investments 
 The carrying values of investments in unconsolidated LIHTCs were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized tax benefits of million, million and million, respectively, and proportional amortization of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Total unfunded contingent commitments related to the Company s LIHTC investments totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company expects to fund LIHTC commitments of million during the year ending December 31, 2023 and million during the year ending December 31, 2024, with the remaining commitments of million funded by December 31, 2040. There were impairment losses on the Company s LIHTC investments during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

million were utilized during the seven year period ended December 31, 2020. The equity method balance of the NMTC investment was million at December 31, 2020. The Company recognized related investment income of and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(21) 
 
 Leverage ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio Capital conservation buffer 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the capital measures reflect the revised CECL capital transition provisions adopted by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC that allowed the Bank the option to delay for two years until December 31, 2021 an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. 

(22) 
 Investment in subsidiary bank Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Junior subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

INTEREST EXPENSE: Junior subordinated debentures Net interest expense ) ) ) NONINTEREST INCOME: Dividends from subsidiary bank Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary bank Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE: Professional services Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary bank ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net change in other assets and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Common stock cash dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information the Company must disclose in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis. Our management has evaluated, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in reports that it files under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 (a) Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Nonetheless, all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Even systems determined to be effective as of a particular date can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation and may not eliminate the need for restatements. 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. 
 Crowe LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and their report is included in Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 (b) Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm. 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 There were no significant changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the period covered by this Form 10-K that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information concerning directors of the registrant is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Proposal 1 - Election of Directors of our Proxy Statement. 
 For information regarding the executive officers of the Company, see Item 1. Business Executive Officers. 
 The required information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports of the Proxy Statement. 
 The Company has adopted a written Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics can be accessed electronically by visiting the Company s website at www.hf-wa.com in the section titled Overview: Governance Documents. Any changes to or waiver of our Code of Ethics will be posted on that website. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors since last disclosed to stockholders. 
 The Audit and Finance Committee is composed of independent directors, in accordance with the requirements for companies listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market ("Nasdaq") and applicable SEC rules. The members of the Audit and Finance Committee are Brian S. Charneski, chair of the committee, Deborah J. Gavin, Trevor D. Dryer, Jeffery S. Lyon, Eric K. Chan and Anthony B. Pickering. Directors Gavin and Chan have been designated by the Board as the audit committee financial experts, as defined by the SEC. The Committee meets quarterly and on an as-needed basis to provide oversight relating to the Company's accounting and financial reporting standards and processes. The Committee evaluates the effectiveness of Heritage s internal controls for safeguarding its assets and ensuring the integrity of the financial reporting. The Committee also appoints the independent registered public accounting firm and reviews the audit reports prepared by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information concerning executive and director compensation and certain matters regarding participation in the Company s Compensation Committee required by this item is incorporated by reference to the headings Executive Compensation, Director Compensation, Report of the Compensation Committee, and "CEO Pay Ratio" of the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of the Proxy Statement. 
 The Company is not aware of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 
 The following table summarizes the activity within the Company s stock-based compensation plan as of December 31, 2022, of which was approved by shareholders: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock units Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plan (1) 
 Equity compensation plans, all of which are approved by security holders 378,892 330,398 
 (1) All of the se curities remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plan are available for issuance for stock awards. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors" and "Corporate Governance of the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information concerning principal accounting fees and services is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Proposal 3 - Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements: The Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 (2) Financial Statements Schedules: All schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes. 
 (3) Exhibits: Included in schedule below. 

94 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 8-K 3.1(B) 05/18/2010 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 S-14A - 03/18/2011 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 8-K 3.3 06/30/2020 4.1 Form of Certificate of Company's Common Stock (3) 
 S-1/A - 10/29/1997 4.2 Description of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (1) 
 10.1 Annual Incentive Compensation Plan 
 10-K 10.5 03/09/2017 10.2 Amended 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 99.2 02/01/2017 10.3 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 DEF 14A - 06/11/2014 10.4 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Heritage Financial Corporation 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 99.4 02/01/2017 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Heritage Financial Corporation 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan 
 8-K 99.3 02/01/2017 10.6 Employment Agreement by and between Heritage and Jeffery J. Deuel 
 8-K 10.1 07/01/2019 10.7 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement by and between Heritage and Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 8-K 10.6 09/07/2012 10.8 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 8-K 10.2 12/22/2016 10.9 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 10-Q 10.15 11/06/2019 10.10 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 10-Q 10.40 11/08/2022 10.11 Employment Agreement by and between Heritage and Donald J. Hinson 
 10-Q 10.22 11/06/2019 10.12 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement by and between Heritage and Donald J. Hinson 
 8-K 10.7 09/07/2012 10.13 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Donald J. Hinson 
 8-K 10.3 12/22/2016 10.14 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Donald J. Hinson 
 10-Q 10.16 11/06/2019 10.14 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Donald J. Hinson 
 10-Q 10.41 11/08/2022 10.15 Employment Agreement by and between Heritage and Bryan McDonald 
 10-Q 10.33 11/06/2019 10.16 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement by and between Heritage and Bryan D. McDonald 
 10-K 10.16 03/11/2015 10.17 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Bryan D. McDonald 
 8-K 10.4 12/22/2016 10.18 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Bryan D. McDonald 
 10-Q 10.27 11/06/2019 10.19 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement - Addendum by and between Heritage and Bryan D. McDonald 
 10-Q 10.42 11/08/2022 10.20 Addendum to Employment Agreement - Bryan D. McDonald 
 8-K 10.1 07/06/2021 10.21 Employment Agreement by and between Heritage and Cindy Huntley 
 10-Q 10.35 11/06/2019 10.22 Transitional Retirement Agreement made and entered into on September 26, 2022, effective as of January 1, 2023 by and between Heritage Financial Corporation and Cindy M. Hirman 
 8-K 10.1 09/26/2022 10.23 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement by and between Heritage and Cindy Huntley 
 10-Q 10.36 11/06/2019 10.24 Employment Agreement by and between Heritage and William Glasby 
 10-Q 10.37 11/06/2019 
 95 

Table of Contents 

10.25 Form of Split Dollar Agreements 
 10-Q 10.17 08/06/2015 10.26 Form of First Amendment to Split Dollar Agreements 
 10-Q 10.34 05/09/2019 10.27 Employment Agreement by and between Heritage and Tony Chalfant 
 8-K 10.1 06/30/2020 10.27 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement by and between Heritage and Tony Chalfant 
 8-K 10.3 06/30/2020 10.28 Deferred Compensation Plan and Participation Agreement by and between Heritage and Tony Chalfant 
 8-K 10.43 11/08/2022 10.29 Form of Split Dollar Agreement, dated May 3, 2021, by and between Heritage Bank and Tony Chalfant 
 10-Q 10.34 05/05/2021 14.0 Code of Ethics and Conduct Policy (2) 
 21.0 Subsidiaries of the Company (1) 
 23.0 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (1) 
 24.0 Power of Attorney (1) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (1) 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (1) 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (1) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (1) 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (1) Filed herewith. 
 (2) Registrant elects to satisfy Regulation S-K 229.406(c) by posting its Code of Ethics on its website at www.hf-wa.com in the section titled Overview: Governance Documents. 
 (3) Exhibit not previously filed in electronic format. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 24, 2023. 
 HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORPORATION (Registrant) /S/ JEFFREY J. DEUEL Jeffrey J. Deuel President and Chief Executive Officer 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 
 Principal Executive Officer: /S/ JEFFREY J. DEUEL Jeffrey J. Deuel President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer: /S/ DONALD J. HINSON Donald J. Hinson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey J. Deuel, pursuant to a power of attorney that is being filed with the Form 10-K, has signed this report as attorney in fact for the following directors who constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. Brian S. Charneski John A. Clees Trevor D. Dryer Kimberly T. Ellwanger Deborah J. Gavin Gail B. Giacobbe Jeffrey S. Lyon Eric K. Chan Anthony B. Pickering Frederick B. Rivera Brian L. Vance Ann Watson /S/ JEFFREY J. DEUEL Jeffrey J. Deuel Attorney-in-Fact February 24, 2023 
 97 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex-4210k123122.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK AND PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 General 
 Heritage's authorized capital stock consists of 
 50,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share and 
 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value per share. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 35,106,697 shares of our common stock outstanding, and no shares of our preferred stock outstanding. Heritage s common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol HFWA. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Inc. 
 Common Stock 
 Each share of Heritage common stock has the same relative rights and is identical in all respects with each other share of Heritage common stock. Heritage common stock represents non-withdrawable capital, is not of an insurable type and is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. 
 Subject to any prior rights of the holders of any preferred or other stock of Heritage then outstanding, holders of Heritage common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as are declared by the board of directors of Heritage out of funds legally available for dividends. 
 Except with respect to greater than 10 shareholders, full voting rights are vested in the holders of Heritage common stock and each share is entitled to one vote. See Anti-Takeover Effects Restrictions on Voting Rights. Subject to any prior rights of the holders of any Heritage preferred stock then outstanding, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Heritage, holders of shares of Heritage common stock will be entitled to receive, pro rata, any assets distributable to shareholders in respect of shares held by them. Holders of shares of Heritage common stock will not have any preemptive rights to subscribe for any additional securities which may be issued by Heritage, nor do they have cumulative voting rights. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The following summary contains a description of the general terms of the preferred stock that we may issue. The specific terms of any series of preferred stock offered by us for sale will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. The terms of any series of preferred stock may differ from the terms described below. Certain provisions of the preferred stock described below and in any prospectus supplement are not complete. You should refer to the applicable articles of amendment to our articles of incorporation with respect to the establishment of a series of preferred stock, which will be filed with the SEC in connection with the offering of such series of preferred stock. 
 General. Our articles of incorporation permit our board of directors to authorize the issuance of up to 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value, in one or more series, without shareholder action. The board of directors can fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of each series. Therefore, without shareholder approval (except as may be required by the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market or any other exchange or market on which our securities may then be listed or quoted), our board of directors can authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting, dividend, liquidation and conversion and other rights that could dilute the voting power or other rights or adversely affect the market value of the common stock and may assist management in impeding any unfriendly takeover or attempted change in control. See Anti-Takeover Effects Authorized Shares. 
 The preferred stock has the terms described below unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of the preferred stock. You should read the prospectus supplement relating to the particular series of the preferred stock being offered for specific terms, including 
 the designation of the series of preferred stock and the number of shares offered 
 the amount of liquidation preference per share, if any 
 the price at which the preferred stock will be issued 
 the dividend rate, or method of calculation, the dates on which dividends will be payable, whether dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which dividends will commence to cumulate 
 any listing of the preferred stock being offered on any securities exchange or other securities market 
 any voting rights 
 any redemption or sinking fund provisions 
 any conversion provisions 
 whether interests in the preferred stock being offered will be represented by depository shares and 
 any other specific terms of the preferred stock being offered. 
 Upon our receipt of the full specified purchase price, the preferred stock will, when issued, be fully paid and nonassessable. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, each series of preferred stock will rank equally as to dividends and liquidation rights in all respects with each other series of preferred stock. The rights of holders of shares of each series of preferred stock will be subordinate to those of our general creditors. 
 Rank. Any series of the preferred stock will, with respect to the priority of the payment of dividends and the priority of payments upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution, rank 

senior to all classes of common stock and all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that they will rank junior to the preferred stock (referred to as the junior securities 
 equally with all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that they will rank equally with the preferred stock (referred to as the parity securities and 
 junior to all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that they will rank senior to the preferred stock. 
 Dividends . Holders of the preferred stock of each series will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, cash dividends at such rates and on such dates described, if any, in the applicable prospectus supplement. Different series of preferred stock may be entitled to dividends at different rates or based on different methods of calculation. The dividend rate may be fixed or variable or both. Dividends will be payable to the holders of record as they appear on our stock books on record dates fixed by our board of directors, as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 Dividends on any series of the preferred stock may be cumulative or noncumulative, as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If our board of directors does not declare a dividend payable on a dividend payment date on any series of noncumulative preferred stock, then the holders of that noncumulative preferred stock will have no right to receive a dividend for that dividend payment date, and we will have no obligation to pay the dividend accrued for that period, whether or not dividends on that series are declared payable on any future dividend payment dates. Dividends on any series of cumulative preferred stock will accrue from the date we initially issue shares of such series or such other date specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 No full dividends may be declared or paid or funds set apart for the payment of any dividends on any parity securities unless dividends have been paid or set apart for payment on the preferred stock. If full dividends are not paid, the preferred stock will share dividends pro rata with the parity securities. No dividends may be declared or paid or funds set apart for the payment of dividends on any junior securities unless full cumulative dividends for all dividend periods terminating on or prior to the date of the declaration or payment will have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment set apart for payment on the preferred stock. 
 Rights Upon Liquidation . If we dissolve, liquidate or wind up our affairs, either voluntarily or involuntarily, the holders of each series of preferred stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment or distribution of assets is made to holders of junior securities, liquidating distributions in the amount described in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to that series of the preferred stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and, if the series of the preferred stock is cumulative, for all dividend periods prior to that point in time. If the amounts payable with respect to the preferred stock of any series and any other parity securities are not paid in full, the holders of the preferred stock of that series and of the parity securities will share proportionately in the distribution of our assets in proportion to the full liquidation preferences to which they are entitled. After the holders of preferred stock and the parity securities are paid in full, they will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
 Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of our creditors and of our shareholders, including the holders of any shares of preferred stock then outstanding, to participate in the assets of any subsidiary upon the subsidiary s liquidation or recapitalization will be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors except to the extent that we may ourselves be a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. 
 Redemption. We may provide that a series of the preferred stock may be redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option or at the option of the holder of the stock. In addition, a series of preferred stock may be subject to mandatory redemption pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise. The redemption provisions that may apply to a series of preferred stock, including the redemption dates and the redemption prices for that series, will be described in the prospectus supplement. 
 In the event of partial redemptions of preferred stock, whether by mandatory or optional redemption, our board of directors will determine the method for selecting the shares to be redeemed, which may be by lot or pro rata or by any other method determined by our board of directors to be equitable. 
 On or after a redemption date, unless we default in the payment of the redemption price, dividends will cease to accrue on shares of preferred stock called for redemption. In addition, all rights of holders of the shares will terminate except for the right to receive the redemption price. 
 Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement for any series of preferred stock, if any dividends on any other series of preferred stock ranking equally as to payment of dividends and liquidation rights with such series of preferred stock are in arrears, no shares of any such series of preferred stock may be redeemed, whether by mandatory or optional redemption, unless all shares of preferred stock are redeemed, and we will not purchase any shares of such series of preferred stock. This requirement, however, will not prevent us from acquiring such shares pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all such shares outstanding. 
 Voting Rights. Unless otherwise described in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the preferred stock will have no voting rights except as otherwise required by law or in our articles of incorporation. 
 Under regulations and interpretations adopted by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, referred to as the Federal Reserve Board, and its staff, if the holders of any series of preferred stock are or become entitled to vote for the election of directors, such series will be deemed a class of voting securities, and a company holding 25 or more of the series, or a lesser percentage if it otherwise exercises a controlling influence over us, will be subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. In addition, at the time the series is deemed a class of voting securities, any other bank holding company will be required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, to acquire or retain more than 5 of that series. Any other person 

(other than a bank holding company), either individually or acting through or in concert with others, will be required to obtain the non-objection of the Federal Reserve Board under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, to acquire or retain 10 or more of that series. 
 Exchangeability. We may provide that the holders of shares of preferred stock of any series may be required at any time or at maturity to exchange those shares for our debt securities. The applicable prospectus supplement will specify the terms of any such exchange. 
 Anti-takeover Effects 
 The provisions of our articles of incorporation, our bylaws, and Washington law summarized in the following paragraphs may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer, or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider to be in such shareholder s best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by shareholders, and may make removal of management more difficult. 
 Authorized Shares . Our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of 50,000,000 shares of common stock and 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock. These shares of common stock and preferred stock provide our board of directors with as much flexibility as possible to effect, among other transactions, financings, acquisitions, stock dividends, stock splits and the exercise of employee stock options. However, these additional authorized shares may also be used by the board of directors consistent with its fiduciary duty to deter future attempts to gain control of us. The board of directors also has sole authority to determine the terms of any one or more series of preferred stock, including voting rights, conversion rates, and liquidation preferences. As a result of the ability to fix voting rights for a series of preferred stock, the board of directors has the power to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duty to issue a series of preferred stock to persons friendly to management in order to attempt to block a tender offer, merger or other transaction by which a third party seeks control of us, and thereby assist members of management to retain their positions. 
 Restrictions on Voting Rights. Our articles of incorporation provide for restrictions on voting rights of shares owned in excess of 10 of any class of our equity securities. Specifically, our articles of incorporation provide that if any person or group acting in concert acquires the beneficial ownership of more than 10 of any class of our equity securities without the prior approval by a two-thirds vote of our Continuing Directors, (as defined therein) then, with respect to each vote in excess of 10 of the voting power of our outstanding shares of voting stock which such person would otherwise have been entitled to cast, such person is entitled to cast only one-hundredth of one vote per share. Exceptions from this limitation are provided for, among other things, any proxy granted to one or more of our Continuing Directors and for our employee benefit plans. Under our articles of incorporation, the restriction on voting shares beneficially owned in violation of the foregoing limitations is imposed automatically, and the articles of incorporation provide that a majority of our Continuing Directors have the power to construe the forgoing restrictions and to make all determinations necessary or desirable to implement these restrictions. These restrictions would, among other things, restrict voting power of a beneficial owner of more than 10 of our outstanding shares of common stock in a proxy contest or on other matters on which such person is entitled to vote. 
 Board of Directors. Our articles of incorporation provide that the size of the board of directors is not less than five or more than 25 as set in accordance with the bylaws. In accordance with the bylaws, the number of directors is currently set at 13. The articles of incorporation provide that any vacancy occurring in the board of directors, including a vacancy created by an increase in the number of directors, will be filled by a vote of two-thirds of the directors then in office and any director so chosen will hold office until the next annual meeting. The articles of incorporation further provide that a director may be removed from the board of directors prior to the expiration of his term only for cause and only upon the vote of the holders of 66-2 3 of the total votes eligible to be cast thereon. In the absence of this provision, the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares could remove the entire board of directors, but only with cause, and replace it with persons of such holders choice. 
 Cumulative Voting , Special Meetings and Action by Written Consent . Our articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting for any purpose. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of shareholders may be called only by the Chairman of the board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, a majority of the board of directors, or any shareholder or shareholders holding in the aggregate at least ten percent of all shares entitled to vote at the special meeting. The Washington Business Corporation Act provides that any action taken by written consent in lieu of a shareholder meeting must receive the consent of all shareholders entitled to vote on the action. 
 Shareholder Vote Required to Approve Business Combinations with Principal Shareholders . The articles of incorporation require the approval of the holders of at least 66-2 3 of the total shares attributable to persons other than a Control Person , considered as one class, to approve certain Business Combinations involving a Control Person except in cases where the proposed transaction has been approved in advance by a majority of the Continuing Directors or certain fair price and procedure criteria have been met. The term Control Person includes any individual, corporation, partnership or other person or entity which, together with the affiliates and associates of such person or entity, owns beneficially 20 or more of the outstanding shares of the common stock of Heritage or an affiliate or associate of such person or entity. The term Continuing Director means a director of Heritage who was a director prior to the time when the Control Person became the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the outstanding shares of the common stock of Heritage or who was designated as a Continuing Director before initially becoming a director by a majority of the Continuing Directors. The term Business Combination is defined to include (i) any merger or consolidation of Heritage with or into a Control Person (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of Heritage , or of a subsidiary, to a Control Person (iii) any merger or consolidation of a Control Person with or into Heritage or a subsidiary of Heritage (iv) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of a Control Person to Heritage or a subsidiary of Heritage (v) the issuance of any securities of Heritage or a subsidiary of Heritage Person (vii) any reclassification of common stock of Heritage, or any recapitalization 

involving the common stock of Heritage consummated within five years after a Control Person becomes a Control Person or (viii) any agreement or other arrangement providing for any of the foregoing. 
 Washington law imposes restrictions on certain transactions between a corporation and certain significant shareholders. Chapter 23B.19 of the WCBA prohibits a target corporation, with certain exceptions, from engaging in certain significant business transactions with an Acquiring Person who acquires 10 or more of the voting securities of a target corporation for a period of five years after such acquisition, unless the transaction or acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the members of the target corporation s board of directors prior to the date of the acquisition or, at or subsequent to the date of the acquisition, the transaction is approved by a majority of the members of the target corporation s board of directors and authorized at a shareholders meeting by the vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares of the target corporation, excluding shares owned or controlled by the Acquiring Person. The prohibited transactions include, among others, a merger or consolidation with, disposition of assets to, or issuance or redemption of stock to or from, the Acquiring Person, termination of 5 or more of the employees of the target corporation as a result of the Acquiring Person s acquisition of 10 or more of the shares, or allowing the Acquiring Person to receive any disproportionate benefit as a shareholder. After the five-year period during which significant business transactions are prohibited, certain significant business transactions may occur if certain fair price criteria or shareholder approval requirements are met. Target corporations include all publicly-traded corporations incorporated under Washington law, as well as publicly traded foreign corporations that meet certain requirements. 
 Amendment of Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Amendments to our articles of incorporation must be approved by our board of directors by a majority vote of the board of directors and by our shareholders by a majority of the voting group comprising all the votes entitled to be cast on the proposed amendment, and a majority of each other voting group entitled to vote separately on the proposed amendment provided, however, that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66- 2 3 of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of the stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (giving effect to the 10 voting limitation described above), voting together as a single class, is required to amend or repeal certain provisions of the articles of incorporation, including the provisions relating to the number of directors and the filling of Board vacancies, the 10 voting limitation, Business Combinations with Control Persons, indemnification and amendment of the articles of incorporation. Our bylaws may be amended by our board of directors by vote of a majority of the whole board of directors or by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented and entitled to vote on the subject matter. 
 Shareholder Nominations and Proposals. Our articles of incorporation generally require a shareholder who intends to nominate a candidate for election to the board of directors to give not less than 14 nor more than 50 days advance notice to the Secretary of Heritage. If fewer than twenty-one days notice of the annual meeting is given to shareholders, shareholder nominations must be mailed or delivered to Heritage s chairman by the close of business on the seventh day after the day the notice of the annual meeting is mailed. The notice provision requires a shareholder who desires to raise new business to provide certain information to us concerning the nature of the new business, the shareholder and the shareholder s interest in the business matter. Similarly, a shareholder wishing to nominate any person for election as a director must provide us with certain information concerning the nominee and the proposing shareholder. 
 The cumulative effect of the restrictions on a potential acquisition of us that are contained in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and federal and Washington law, may be to discourage potential takeover attempts and perpetuate incumbent management, even though certain shareholders may deem a potential acquisition to be in their best interests, or deem existing management not to be acting in their best interests. 
 Federal Law. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHC Act, generally prohibits any company that is not engaged in banking activities and activities that are permissible for a bank holding company or a financial holding company from acquiring control of the Bank. Control is generally defined as ownership of 25 or more of the voting stock or other exercise of a controlling influence. In addition, any existing bank holding company would need the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before acquiring 5 or more of the voting stock of the Bank. The Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, also prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve Board, the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, such as us, could constitute acquisition of control of the bank holding company. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.0>
 3
 ex-21010k123122.htm
 EX-21.0

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.0 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Parent Heritage Financial Corporation Subsidiaries Percentage Owned State or Other Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 HBCDE, LLC 100.0 Washington HBCDE Partner, LLC 100.0 Washington HBCDE Sub-CDE 1, LLC 100.0 Washington HBCDE Sub-CDE 2, LLC 100.0 Washington HBCDE Sub-CDE 3, LLC 100.0 Washington HBCDE Sub-CDE 4, LLC 100.0 Washington Heritage Bank 100.0 Washington Heritage Investment Services, Inc. 100.0 Washington Washington Banking Master Trust 100.0 Delaware 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.0>
 4
 ex-23010k123122.htm
 EX-23.0

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.0 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-87599 and No. 333-197614 on Form S-8 and No. 333-240150 on Form S-3 of Heritage Financial Corporation of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 s Crowe LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.0>

<EX-24.0>
 5
 ex-24010k123122.htm
 EX-24.0

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.0 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 The directors of Heritage Financial Corporation (the Company whose signatures appear below, hereby appoint Jeffrey J. Deuel as their attorney to sign, in their name and behalf and in any and all capacities stated below, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and likewise to sign any and all amendments and other documents relating thereto as shall be necessary, and such persons hereby granting to each such attorney power to act with or without the other and full power of substitution and revocation and hereby ratifying all of that any such attorney or his substitute may do by virtue hereof. 
 This Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the 22nd day of February 2023. 
 Signature Title s Brian S. Charneski 
 Brian S. Charneski Director s John A. Clees 
 John A. Clees Director s Trevor D. Dryer 
 Trevor D. Dryer Director s Kimberly T. Ellwanger 
 Kimberly T. Ellwanger Director s Deborah J. Gavin 
 Deborah J. Gavin Director s Gail B. Giacobbe 
 Gail B. Giacobbe Director s Jeffrey S. Lyon 
 Jeffrey S. Lyon Director s Eric K. Chan 
 Eric K. Chan Director s Anthony B. Pickering 
 Anthony B. Pickering Director s Frederick B. Rivera 
 Frederick B. Rivera Director s Brian L. Vance 
 Brian L. Vance Director s Ann Watson 
 Ann Watson Director 

</EX-24.0>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex-31110q123122.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 I, Jeffrey J. Deuel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Heritage Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 s Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex-31210q123122.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 I, Donald J. Hinson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Heritage Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 24, 2023 
 s Donald J. Hinson 
 Donald J. Hinson 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex-32110q123122.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Heritage Financial Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Jeffrey J. Deuel, Chief Executive Officer, and Donald J. Hinson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify in our capacity as officers of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such Report. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 Jeffrey J. Deuel 
 Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer February 24, 2023 s Donald J. Hinson 
 Donald J. Hinson 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hfwa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hfwa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hfwa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hfwa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hfwa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

