<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1735092_0001477932-23-002072.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3192111</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>200309</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>681823</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>780058</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>632486</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>834548</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002072.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331151110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gofba, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001735092
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				943453342
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-225254
		FILM NUMBER:		23786955

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3281 E GUASTI RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91761
		BUSINESS PHONE:		909-680-1335

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3281 E GUASTI RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91761

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002072.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 gofba_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

gofba_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from_____________ to _____________. Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022: as based on last sales price of such stock 5.00) prior to June 30, 2022 (in a private transaction). The voting stock held by non-affiliates on that date consisted of 6,043,756 shares of common stock. Applicable Only to Registrants Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No Applicable Only to Corporate Registrants: Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of March 30, 2023, there were shares of common stock, no par value, outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to rule 424(b) or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). None. Gofba, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS. 3 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS. 14 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 24 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES. 24 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 24 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 24 PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 25 ITEM 6 [RESERVED]. 26 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 26 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 33 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 33 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 34 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 34 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION. 35 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 35 PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 36 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.. 39 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 43 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 44 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 45 PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 46 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 47 2 Table of Contents PART I Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements This Annual Report includes forward looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation. Forward looking statements also include statements in which words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, consider, or similar expressions are used. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions as more fully described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. For example, due to the recent outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19), the United States economy has experienced substantial turmoil that has, and will likely continue to, cause disruptions to our business operations, as well as social, economic, and labor instability. The Company's future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward looking statements. ITEM 1 BUSINESS Corporate History We were incorporated in the State of California as Gofba, Inc. on November 6, 2008. Business Overview Gofba, Inc., was formed to create a safe haven for users of the internet. To that end, we have created an internet supersite , consisting of search, chat, email, news and offsite file transfer and storage modules, in order to address dangerous, pressing issues not adequately addressed by our competitors. We see two primary threats to the average user of the internet, and one major issue users encounter with file transfers. The first is unrestricted, free access to inappropriate material, including, but not limited to, pornographic material. To address this we have developed a clean database from scratch that does not contain inappropriate material and we use proprietary search algorithms which automatically eliminate, or make scarce, inappropriate material from search results. The second is security. To address this, we have developed proprietary security algorithms which provide an enhanced level of protection for users. Put simply, Gofba is the online solution to these problems; providing users with a safe haven on the internet. The issue related to file transfers is that it has been difficult to transfer large amounts of information in a speedy, user-friendly, and secure manner. With limited promotional activity and no advertising, we currently enjoy over 46 million users worldwide. 1 Our user base has been consistently expanding since we launched Gofba Search in 2008, and we expect it to continue to increase. A number of our users are located in conservative countries and we discuss the unique nature of having users based in conservative countries below. __________ 1 Due to our strict privacy policy, we can only see how many accounts are created and whether that person logs into their account. In order to comply with our privacy policy, we do not track how a person uses their account. It is one of the ways we separate ourselves from our competitors. However, since we can tell if users have logged-in, we do occasionally delete accounts that have not been logged into in a number of years. As a result, the 46 million user number is a cumulative number of users, but does not include approximately 15 million accounts we have deleted due to non-use. We are not able to see how active the user is with their account once logged-in. 3 Table of Contents Internet Problems Identified In order to best understand Gofba s suite of products and services, and what makes them unique, it is helpful to understand what they were created to combat. As noted above, Gofba has identified a number of serious issues encountered by everyday users of the internet. The first problem identified was inappropriate content. These days, pornography, violence, and vulgarity, are freely accessible by any internet user without regard to age, social situation, or intent. Internet pornography sites are freely accessible to children, thus destroying their innocence. These same sites are accessed by millions in the workplace limiting productivity. Family dynamics and relationships can be greatly impacted as well. Software and firewalls meant to filter out inappropriate content have been developed to address this issue, but over time have proven to be ineffective. The filters are simply too easy to circumvent. As a result, there has been no search engine that has been able to effectively eliminate this inappropriate material for those that are underage or desire this protection. Gofba has developed proprietary technology which eliminates or makes scarce this inappropriate content. Our search algorithms are written so that inappropriate content is not returned, or made scarce, as a result from web search queries. We accomplish this with a two-step approach. First, we built our database from scratch and did not include inappropriate content in our database. As a result, certain known inappropriate terms do not exist in our database. This is drastically different than other search engines, which have the inappropriate content in their databases, but they simply try and scrub out the content on a search-by-search basis utilizing filters. Unfortunately, history has shown that filtering search results this way is not very effective and the inappropriate content ends up being easily accessible by appearing in the search results of the user. By not having the terms in our database the use of inappropriate content search terms simply returns no results or only results that contain benign content. Second, we built proprietary search crawlers to weed out any inappropriate content that is returned from a search result. This is necessary since the internet does not remain static. Purveyors of inappropriate content constantly create new words, or use existing words in an inappropriate way, to try and have their content appear in search results. Gofba s search crawlers , and some of its personnel, are constantly scanning search results to determine when inappropriate content is returned from an internet search and work to immediately delete that content from the Gofba database. 4 Table of Contents The second issue that Gofba addresses is security. Unsuspecting internet users have little idea that their demographic information and browsing habits are secretly collected by search engines and other sites. This information is then used for marketing purposes and sold for profit, leaving users betrayed and deceived. Additionally, much of the information that these same users transmit over the internet is poorly encrypted and can be easily hacked. Gofba will never track users' experiences or sell their information. Gofba uses secure algorithms which include 256 bit encryption thus mitigating the risk of predatory hacking. A third problem is ease and speed of large file transfers. Traditionally it has been difficult to transfer large amounts of information in a speedy, user-friendly, and secure manner. Files can be transferred through both Gofba Chat and Gofba Vault, Gofba's offsite storage module. Both are easily accessible and allow for secure transfer of files of 5 Gigabytes at internal speeds 10 Gigabits per second (Gbps). There are plans to periodically release additional modules, detailed below, as we grow and expand. Proudly, Gofba's core business is rooted in making the world a better place. Gofba is committed to providing users with the safest internet experience. We achieve this not only by providing online tools that are wholesome, useful, and helpful, but also by providing a strong sense of security for users. Current Gofba Products and Solutions In response to the multitude of issues facing users of the internet every day, Gofba has created a number of unique services to address these concerns and significantly improve a user s internet experience, namely Gofba Search, Gofba Vault, Gofba Chat and Gofba Email. We also have a number of additional services we plan to rollout in the future, which are also detailed below. We believe that users are much more likely to return to a search engine and other services that previously provided them with a positive experience. We have also been working on systems that could assist medical providers with meeting the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Gofba Search: Current web search options offer a staggeringly homogenous experience with little differentiating one site from the other. Gofba offers a unique search product, one that excludes objectionable material and provides unparalleled security. Gofba has developed proprietary phrase recognition and image scanning technology that ensures this inappropriate content is made scarce or not returned as a result from web search queries. These two factors, cleanliness and security, provide a competitive advantage which, we believe, will open markets to us and allow us to penetrate a niche market that has never before been filled. Our unique database solution also allows us to tailor our search engine based on geography to disallow certain search results that may be objectionable to a certain country or society. For instance, in conservative countries like China and certain middle-eastern countries do not want certain content returned with search results, even content that seems benign to western countries. Our technology allows us to scrub our database of those objectionable search results and, therefore, provide a clean search engine option to certain countries that currently disallow many of our competitors, such as Google. Additionally, we do not allow smart cookies in our search results. Smart cookies are executable files that create programs designed to gather information on the infected computer, including, but not limited to, search results and search habits. Many of our competitors plant these cookies in their search engine resulting in your searches being shared and spread across many websites, which results in ads for those products and services appearing on other websites you visit. We consider this to be an invasion of privacy and offensive to the user. Gofba Vault: Gofba Vault is a secure offsite storage service. Many companies refer to their offsite storage as "cloud storage", however we have named ours "Gofba Vault". We did this to convey that we will not put users' information into a public "cloud", instead keeping users' information safely stored in their personal vault. Gofba Vault will offer competitively priced offsite storage all encrypted with our 256-bit security algorithm. All transfers can be done at 10 Gbps internal transfer speed. The enhanced security hones in on Gofba's core principal of creating the fastest and safest online experience for users. 5 Table of Contents Gofba Chat: A secure messaging service that allows users to communicate with ease. Gofba Chat enables users to instantly transfer files up to 5GB at 10 Gbps internal transfer speed with a simple 'drag drop' with the same 256-bit encryption. Users can also send chat messages via SMS. In the future we plan for Gofba Chat to instantly translate almost all of the world's top languages, as well as offer international keyboards, audio video chatting, SMS messaging response, and include an additional 10 GB of storage in its own secure vault . Gofba Chat is a module that will play an integral role in Gofba Circle, our social network, in the future. In late 2018 and early 2019, we completed the initial and Phase Two Beta testing of our Android and iPhone mobile Chat applications, and received excellent reviews from our 100+ beta testers. We rolled out the first iteration of the Gofba Apps in the 3 rd quarter of 2021. We plan to continue to work on the development of these apps and plan updated version releases as necessary. Gofba News: A completely new approach to news, here in the United States and around the world. Gofba studied usability patterns and user behaviors to design the news module, making the navigation and layout more efficient for users. The module s dynamic news content features late-breaking stories, as well as various article categories including politics, technology, money, entertainment, health and sports from leading credible publications. Importantly, the news feeds represent a centrist perspective that differentiates Gofba from other services. The facts of a story are presented as they are without misinformation. Gofba Email: Our new email platform, which we plan to rollout in the fourth quarter of 2023, will be the most innovative email product on the market. It is virus free, junk mail free, and hacker free and offers a unique user experience. Gofba email will change the way people and businesses communicate. With up to 5 GB attachments, along with embedded audio and video, we believe Gofba Email will revolutionize the way emails will be sent and received. The next steps and budget to bring Gofba Email to market are as follows: Development 3 rd quarter 2023 - 45,000 Beta testing 3 rd quarter 2023 - 20,000 We plan to fund these steps, as well as the further steps necessary for the other modules discussed herein, through the sale of our common stock in our registered public offering, or through the sale of our common stock in private placements. Future Gofba Products and Solutions Gofba continues to invest in product development to add to this array of modules. In addition to the above products and services, we plan to launch Gofba Business Listing, Gofba Media, Gofba Marketplace, Gofba Concierge, Gofba Circle, Gofba University and Gofba Medical, along with several others. Gofba Business Listing: We rolled out our business listing service in second quarter 2021 that costs businesses very little to list their company, around 29.00 per month. Our business listing service also acts as a rating system, similar to Yelp, except our business listings start with a 5-star rating, and we plan to assist the listed companies with maintaining their 5-star rating and also, hopefully, utilize our suite of products and services. We launched this service on an international level in the 2 nd quarter of 2021 and we do not believe the service will involve any additional capital above what we already have allocated to the launch of our other products and services. We are now working on the Mobile App for this service and plan on launching in the 2 nd quarter of 2024. Gofba Media: This module, along with Gofba Chat, acts as the groundwork for Gofba Circle, our social networking platform. Currently, Gofba Media features location-based news content and is a viable source for advertisers to gain exposure. We plan to rollout Gofba Media in the 1st quarter of 2024. The next steps and budget to bring Gofba Media to market are as follows: Development 3 rd quarter 2023 - 30,000 Beta testing 4 th quarter 2023 - 15,000 6 Table of Contents Gofba Marketplace: Gofba Marketplace is our e-commerce platform which will demonstrate a combination of retail, wholesale, and bidding. The first phase of Gofba Marketplace will be rolled out in the second quarter of 2024 The next steps and budget to bring Gofba Marketplace to market are as follows: Development 3 rd quarter 2023 through 1 st quarter 2024 - 30,000 Beta testing 2 nd quarter 2024 - 15,000 Gofba Concierge: This module will act as users' personal assistant with the ability to schedule appointments, manage calendars, among much else. We plan to rollout Gofba Concierge in the fourth quarter of 2024. Due to the anticipated rollout date being over one year away, we have not finalized a development and beta testing schedule for Gofba Concierge or an anticipated budget. Gofba Circle: This is our social media module which will segregate by age group on a secure and accountable platform. We plan to rollout Gofba Circle in the second quarter of 2025. Due to the anticipated rollout date being over one year away, we have not finalized a development and beta testing schedule for Gofba Circle or an anticipated budget. Gofba University: GU is an aggregator of online classes offered first in the United States, then the world. It will allow anyone to go to college, keep track of your studies and show your exact graduation date, and the first two years of college are free. We plan to rollout Gofba University in the first quarter of 2025. Due to the anticipated rollout date being over one year away, we have not finalized a development and beta testing schedule for Gofba University or an anticipated budget. Gofba Medical: Gofba medical is a comprehensive medical app, designed to keep track of patience s medical records, have secure chats with medical personnel including your doctor or specialists referred by your doctor. It also gives accurate diagnosis using a world-wide database, combined with one of the fastest computer systems in the world. We plan to rollout Gofba Medical in the third quarter of 2024. Due to the anticipated rollout date being over one year away, we have not finalized a development and beta testing schedule for Gofba Medical or an anticipated budget. The HIPAA Opportunity As noted herein, we have spent thousands of man hours working on secure processes and networks for the transfer of confidential and private information related to our customers, including, but not limited to, credit card information, social security numbers, addresses, and other very personal information. As a result, we believe we have developed one of the most secure networks in existence, utilizing a level of encryption beyond what is the industry norm. In 2019, a local hospital approached us regarding whether our systems could assist them with meeting the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) in order to make them compliant so they could avoid possible fines, etc. Although this was not one of the uses of Gofba s systems we were concentrating on, we immediately began researching the standards mandated by HIPAA and determining how our systems met, or could meet, those standards. Passed in 1996, HIPAA required the U.S. Department of Health Human Services (HHS) to adopt national standards for electronic health transactions and code sets, unique health identifiers, and security. HIPAA is a complicated statute and a good description of the standards it places on health industry companies and professionals is located here: http://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/index.html. HIPAA has been amended through the years to keep up with modern technology and the challenges presented. For our purposes, we are primarily focused on the requirement that requires companies in the health field and health care professionals to utilize systems that have at least 128-bit encryption when transmitting patient information. These requirements make our secure communication platform that utilizes 256-bit encryption, which exceeds current HIPAA standards, perfect for this application. 7 Table of Contents As a result of Gofba s HIPAA-compliant electronic communication capabilities, we are in discussions with hospitals, medical groups and insurance companies regarding those entities potentially utilizing Gofba for the transmission of patient information in order to be HIPAA-compliant. We have not yet signed any agreements with any of these entities but are hopeful we will do so in the near future. Strategic Overview Our business goal is to become THE safe haven for users of the internet that want to avoid the known and unknown pitfalls of internet use, either for businesses, schools, colleges, universities, government offices and countries around the world. Our first step was the creation of Gofba Search, outlined above. Moving forward our goal is to create and launch a number of related modules in addition to those outlined above. We plan to achieve this by launching these modules strategically, as many as one or two per year. Competitive Strengths We believe that our competitive strengths advantageously position us to expand our products and services and pursue strategic opportunities in various internet spaces both domestically and abroad. Our key competitive strengths are summarized below. Exclusive Focus on Clean Content . Our business goal is to become the safe haven for internet users that desire a pure internet experience, one devoid of unwanted material. To date, this has led to over 46 million users worldwide who trust us to effectively exclude or make scarce inappropriate results. Most other web search providers have clearly established their position on filtering content - being unwilling or unable to effectively eliminate inappropriate search content from queries. We built our database from scratch and did not include inappropriate content in our database. As a result, certain known inappropriate terms do not exist in our database. This is drastically different than other search engines, which have the inappropriate content in their databases, but they simply try and scrub out the content on a search-by-search basis utilizing filters. Additionally, our unique database solution also allows us to tailor our search engine based on geography to disallow certain search results that may be objectionable to a certain country or society. For instance, conservative countries like China and certain middle-eastern countries do not want certain content returned with search results, even content that seems benign to western countries. Our technology allows us to scrub our database of those objectionable search results and, therefore, provide a clean search engine option to certain countries that currently disallow many of our competitors, such as Google. We believe this provides us with a distinct advantage in many countries that our competitors have been disallowed access due to their inability to filter out the undesirable content. Proprietary Technology . Our sophisticated, proprietary technology that supports our search engine and platform took years of research and development, as well as significant capital expenditure. This research resulted in our proprietary phrase recognition and image scanning technology that ensures that inappropriate content is made scarce or not returned as a result from web search queries. Provide a Private Internet Experience . Unlike most of our competitors, we do not track a user s browsing experiences and do not sell or exploit their searches or personal data. As noted above, we do not allow smart cookies in our search results. Smart cookies are executable files that create programs designed to gather information on the infected computer, including, but not limited to, search results and search habits. Many of our competitors plant these cookies in their search engine resulting in your searches being shared and spread across many websites, which results in ads for those products and services appearing on other websites you visit. We consider this to be an invasion of privacy and offensive to the user. We believe there is a viable market of users that do not want their search criteria shared and used to place ads in their future searches and believe that type of internet user will grow in the future as internet ads become more obtrusive. 8 Table of Contents Gofba Vault . Rather than storing valuable, confidential information for our users in the cloud our Gofba Vault is a secure offsite storage service. Gofba Vault keeps users information safely stored in their personal vault, encrypted with our 256-bit security algorithm. Gofba Vault allows up to 10 GB s of free storage space, with options to increase the size up to 10 TB s. Gofba Vault also gives members the ability to send files to any email account up to 5 GB s in size. Strong and Experienced Management Team . We have an experienced project management team that continues to focus on our core competencies and to draw upon our significant domestic and international development and operating experience. Sources of Revenue Our business plan is to generate revenues, primarily from the following sources: Advertising. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we began to formally offer advertising on our primary products and services. To that end, our team has connected with enterprises which have committed to year-long advertising contracts. Gofba will continue to aggressively pursue advertising revenues. We have received interest from large, globally recognized enterprises, including Fortune 500 companies and large political organizations and hope to capitalize on that interest. Gofba Vault. We expect to generate revenue from providing storage through Gofba Vault, our unique offsite storage system, encrypted with our 256-bit security algorithm. We plan to charge reasonable, or lower amounts than the current market, with more security than our competitors. Gofba Marketplace . A platform that, when launched, will provide a suite of combined services that are not currently available, including advertising, shipping, handling and warehouse storage. Paid Placement Revenue . Internet search engines implement a paid placement strategy, where some content providers are given prominent positioning in return for a placement fee. The optimal placement strategy depends on the relative benefits to the users of paid placement. We compute the optimal placement fee, characterize the optimal bias level, and analyze sensitivity of the placement strategy to various factors. In the optimal paid placement strategy, the placement maximizes revenues and is set below the monopoly level to complement our advertising revenues. By optimizing our search engine s quality of service, we will be able to maximize revenues from paid placement as well as our other advertising models. HIPAA. As noted above, we are in discussions with hospitals, medical groups and insurance companies regarding those entities potentially utilizing Gofba s HIPAA-compliant electronic communication capabilities for the transmission of patient information in order to be HIPAA-compliant. We have not yet signed any agreements with any of these entities but are hopeful we will do so in the near future. In the event we are successful in signing up these entities we believe they will be a strong source of revenue. Gofba Business Listings. For our business listing service we plan to charge businesses around 29.00 per month in order to list their business in our business directory. Although we will be charging businesses for this service, we do not anticipate this will be a big revenue-generator for us, but we hope it will lead some of those businesses to pay us to place advertising on our website. To date we have not received any revenues from these sources. 9 Table of Contents Source of Computer Storage and Processing Since inception we have leased computer storage and processing space from Sunray Trust, a trust for which Anna Chin, one of our officers and directors, is a trustee. Under the terms of a Computer Towers Lease Agreement, Sunray Trust provides us with sufficient space to store the data used in our operations as well as the processors to run our programs and applications in exchange for a monthly rate based on the number of server towers, super computers and virtual servers our business operations require, with the amount modified annually. We first became obligated to pay for these services on January 1, 2009, when the monthly lease payment was 43,758, or 525,096 for the year, which allowed us to utilize 6 towers, 30 super computers and 600 virtual servers. Each year we sign an amendment to the Computer Towers Lease Agreement for our use for the upcoming year. From 2010 to 2014, the service payments were 875,000 annually. From 2015 through 2019, the service payments were 1,050,000 annually. The parties agreed to renew the agreement for 2020 under the same terms. On June 1, 2020, we leased two additional computer servers. As a result, the monthly lease payment was increased by 35,000 annually. For 2021, the parties agreed to renew the agreement under the same terms as the end of 2020. We anticipate this will increase in future years as we need resources. The original Computer Towers Lease Agreement terminated on October 20, 2020, and was renewed for an additional five years with a new expiration date of October 30, 2025. Unique Challenges Presented by Having Users in China We have a number of users in China, believed to be in the millions. We can identify this by being able to locate their access location through IP Geo Data. As noted herein, one of the unique attributes of our technology is that it allows us to scrub our search engine database of objectionable search results and, therefore, provide a clean search engine option to certain countries that currently disallow many of our competitors. One of these countries is China. Having users in China creates a unique challenge. First, we don t operate in China. We do not have servers in China. Access to our products and services by persons in China is web-based with the functionality of those services being provided by servers not located in China. All of our servers are located in the United States. Although Chinese law states that all websites and like platforms must have an Internet Content Provider (ICP) License, the reality is they only place the requirement on companies that have servers based in China to provide their products and services. We have attempted to obtain an ICP License through Alibaba Cloud (a local Chinese company), but they have informed us that we don t qualify for an ICP License since we don t have any servers in China. Eventually, we plan to put servers in China and apply for an ICP License. China has not banned our products and services like they have other providers such as Google and Yahoo. We believe this is in large part due to the fact our search engine is scrubbed to almost entirely remove objectionable content. However, part of the risk of operating in China is that the government can block access to products and services without recourse, and, as a result, we are always subject to the discretion of the Chinese government to have users in China. Market Overview Internet search and related services is a rapidly expanding and influential market as the global landscape of internet users continues to grow. According to Statista, 4.95 billion people around the world used the internet in January 2022 - equivalent to 62.5 percent of the world's total population., with that penetration expected to increase to over 70 of the world s population by 2023 as the world welcomes another 500 million people online. Web search has been dominated for years by one major player in U.S. and global markets, Google. Google s U.S. search market share, however, has decreased by about 3 in the past two years, suggesting an openness to alternative search providers. Taking into account all search providers, there are well over 5 billion search queries performed daily all over the world. Google, and other large internet giants, including Microsoft, Yahoo, Amazon, and Facebook, each provide a range of integrated services which include search, email, chat, cloud-based storage, and e-commerce. Gofba is well poised to enter this market due to its proprietary technology that allows it to eliminate or make scarce inappropriate content from searches. Its unparalleled security measures, and range of internet services will create an inclusive and safe internet experience. Gofba s diverse set of modules places it within this megasite sphere. Uniquely, Gofba is well-positioned as the only site that successfully protects its users from inappropriate content and is steadfast in making security a priority. Increased awareness of the many dangers that threaten internet users presents a high-growth opportunity for Gofba s services. 10 Table of Contents Market Leader Analysis Presently, Gofba is entering the internet market for search, chat, email, e-commerce, and offsite storage. The chart below details the 2022 revenues, percentage of U.S. market share, and market caps for each dominant player in the respective markets. Name Market 2022 Revenue U.S. Market Share Market Cap Alphabet Search 279 billion 92.04 1.92 trillion Amazon E-commerce 514 billion 47.05 1.69 trillion Dropbox Offsite Storage 2.3 billion 34.44 9.3 billion Meta Social Media 116 billion 36.64 935 billion Further market analysis reveals: Each company reported a higher revenue in 2022 than in 2021, representing growth in each market segment. Advertising is a major contributor to the revenue of each of these companies. Each of Gofba s 32 modules either available or in development presents advertising revenue opportunities. Other revenue streams include e-commerce and cloud based storage. Both are avenues that Gofba is pursuing. Gaining a fraction of markets will present significant revenue opportunities for Gofba. Although each company has been categorized within a specific market, it is important to note that each company has many diversified yet integrated product lines and services, positioning Gofba competitively. Each of these companies has achieved massive brand awareness which has undoubtedly contributed to their success in highly competitive markets. 11 Table of Contents Global Internet Use According to Stastica, 4.9 billion people around the world used the internet in 2022, 521 million more people have gained access to the internet. Of Gofba s 46 million users, we believe the majority have been attracted from two of the three largest markets of internet users worldwide, China and the United States. This has been done through grassroots word of mouth and without promotion. The majority of Gofba s users are in China with the U.S. close behind. According to Internet World Stats by Miniwatts Marketing Group, China alone accounts for over 40 of the world's internet users with over 1 billion users. The United States is home to 302 million internet users. The second largest market is India with 624 million internet users. As more people gain access to the internet, education on internet safety and security will become increasingly important. Gofba s branding as the safe and secure online platform will make our product extremely attractive to internet users and we believe it will continue to generate new users at an exponential rate. Internet Safety There is an extensive list of potential dangers that threaten internet users. These include inappropriate content making its way to unsuspecting users screens, malware infection, identity theft, privacy invasion through tracking, and a slew of others. Just as useful technology is advancing, so is technology used to hack and harm. These threats are increasing in number and severity. Many present industry leaders have shown to be unwilling or incapable of addressing these threats. Due to increasing online threats, we believe Gofba enjoys a high-growth opportunity in its position as the safe and clean search engine and megasite alternative. Gofba targets people that want safe internet experiences. Some insight into why internet users of all ages can benefit from Gofba s protection. Children are largely unable to recognize most online threats and are susceptible to harm from disguised predators. Children also face developmental risk from exposure to inappropriate content. Studies show that people aged 45 and above are more cautious about sharing information online, but lack the knowledge on how to spot potential danger. With over 80 of baby boomers now using the internet, the population that is in need of education of safe online practices is growing. Research shows that those aged 24 and under reveal more information on the web, but can recognize threats more easily. The reports say younger people s less restrained online behavior means they re more likely to be hit by a malware infection. We believe our products are very attractive to businesses, schools, universities, colleges, and government offices. Gofba s search results have also been well received in countries where internet usage is restricted, primarily for religious or political reasons. Gofba s platform is well-suited for settings undertaking the responsibility for children s use of the internet. Below are some statistics to show the vast academic and organizational markets that Gofba intends to tap into: 12 Table of Contents According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in the U.S., in fall 2021, an estimated 50.7 million students attended public elementary and secondary schools. Public school systems employed close to 3.7 million full-time teachers. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in fall 2021, some 19.7 million students attended American colleges and universities, an increase of about 4.7 million since fall 2000. According to Governing magazine, U.S. state and local governments employ over 16 million employees and the Federal government employees another 2.0 million employees. In the past, we have not invested in advertising. Our user base has grown steadily since 2008 to over 46 million users. We believe this speaks to the need and desire for a safe internet product. Competition The search engine, e-mail providers and instant messaging sectors are highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete within the internet industry. We face intense competition from companies much larger than ours, and, as a result, we could struggle to attract users and gain market share. Many of our existing or future competitors have greater financial resources and greater brand name recognition than we do and, as a result, may be better positioned to adapt to changes in the industry or the economy as a whole. We also face competition from other internet providers, search engine providers (such as Google and Yahoo!), instant messaging services, social network companies (such as Facebook), and internet storage companies. We will strive to advance our technology in each of these sectors ahead of our competitors to gain market share. We also face intense competition in attracting and retaining qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees and to continue to compensate employees competitively. Intellectual Property Currently, we do not have any patents, but consider certain elements of our products and services to be trade secrets and we protect it as our intellectual property. Most of our products and services are based on open-source code (meaning it is freely available computer code for anyone to use) and, as a result, we cannot get patents to protect our products and services. Additionally, due to the nature of our business the constant upgrades occurring to our types of products and services, patent filings are not really practical. In the future, if we have products or services or processes that are patentable we plan to apply for such patents to protect our products and services. We do own the trademark to Gofba under Goods and Services Class IC042 Providing computer searching services, namely, searching and retrieving information at the customer's request via the Internet; and provision of Internet search engines. Staffing As of December 31, 2022, we contract with 5 consultants and we have employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and President. Human Capital Resources As noted above, we only have a small number of employees. The remainder of our workforce is consultants due to the nature of our business. As it relates to our employees and the consultants that work with us: 13 Table of Contents Oversight and Management Our executive officers are tasked with leading our organization in managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, talent management and development. We are committed to providing team members with the training and resources necessary to continually strengthen their skills. Our executive team is responsible for periodically reviewing team member programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices. Management periodically reports to the Board regarding our human capital measures and results that guide how we attract, retain and develop a workforce to enable our business strategies. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We believe that a diverse workforce will be critical to our success. As we grow, we plan to continue to monitor and improve the application of our hiring, retention, compensation and advancement processes for women and underrepresented populations across our workforce, including persons of all races, as well as veterans, to enhance our inclusive and diverse culture. We plan to invest in recruiting diverse talent. Workplace Safety and Health A vital part of our business is providing our workforce with a safe, healthy and sustainable working environment. We focus on implementing change through workforce observation and feedback channels to recognize risk and continuously improve our processes. Importantly during 2022, our focus on providing a positive work environment on workplace safety have enabled us to preserve business continuity without sacrificing our commitment to keeping our colleagues and workplace visitors safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. We took immediate action at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic to enact rigorous safety protocols in our facilities by improving sanitation measures, implementing mandatory social distancing, use of facing coverings, reducing on-site workforce through staggered shifts and schedules, remote working where possible, and restricting visitor access to our locations. These actions helped minimize the impact of COVID-19 on our workforce. Description of Property Our executive offices are located in Ontario, California, at 3281 East Guasti Road, Suite 700, Ontario, CA 91761. The lease expired on October 31, 2020, and we are currently renting two offices at the same location on a month-to-month basis. We also maintain office space at 13358 Monte Vista Ave., Chino, CA 91710. We entered into this lease on October 1, 2017 and it terminates on October 1, 2027. Under the terms of the lease we rent the space primarily for our computer servers and equipment. We pay 16,000 per month in rent. We lease this space from Sunray Trust. Anna Chin, our President, is a trustee of Sunray Trust. Available Information We are a fully reporting issuer, subject to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Quarterly Reports, Annual Reports, and other filings can be obtained from the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission at http://www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. However, we believe this information may be valuable to our shareholders. We reserve the right to not provide risk factors in our future filings. Our primary risk factors and other considerations include: 14 Table of Contents Risks Related to the Company We are a development stage company with limited operating history and, accordingly, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a development stage company with limited operating results to date. Our business is subject to the risks inherent in the establishment and development of a new business enterprise. As a result, we cannot provide our shareholders with the type of information that would be available from a company with a more substantial history of operations. We cannot assure investors that it will ever operate profitably. Financial projections are highly speculative . Any financial projections included in this Annual Report and all other materials or documents supplied by us should be considered speculative and are qualified in their entirety by the assumptions, information and risks disclosed therein and in this Annual Report. The financial projections have not been prepared based upon certified public accounting standards and have not been reviewed by an independent accountant. The assumptions and facts upon which such projections are based are subject to variations that may arise as future events actually occur. The financial projections included herein are based on assumptions made by us regarding future events. There is no assurance that actual events will correspond with these assumptions. Actual results for any period may or may not approximate such financial projections. Our financial condition casts doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result of our financial condition, there is uncertainity regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. To that end, our independent registered public accounting firm for our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 has included an explanatory paragraph describing the uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a going concern. In order to continue as a going concern, we must effectively balance many factors and increase our revenues to a point where we can fund our operations from our sales and revenues. If we are not able to do this, we may not be able to continue as an operating company. The Company s common stock lacks liquidity and marketability . There is no public market for the common stock and we are not sure when we will apply to be a publicly-traded company. Furthermore, we cannot assure shareholders that even if we become a publicly-traded company that a vibrant market will develop for our common stock. We are subject to the significant influence of our current officers and directors, and their interests may not always coincide with those of our other stockholders. Anna Chin, one of our officers and directors, and Chairperson of the Board of Directors, beneficially owns approximately 80 of our outstanding Common Stock. As a result, Ms. Chin is able to significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. Because the interests of Ms. Chin may not always coincide with those of our other stockholders, such stockholder may influence or cause us to take actions with which our other stockholders disagree. Our management has discretion as to how to use any proceeds from the sale of securities. Any money raised by us through the sale of our securities will be spent at the discretion of our management based on that they deem to be in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. As a result of the foregoing, our success will be substantially dependent upon the discretion and judgment of management with respect to application and allocation of any proceeds from any offerings of our securities. 15 Table of Contents This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections but are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, and estimates, and variations of these words and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We may not be able to obtain financing required to maintain and grow our business. We will need additional funding to execute our business plan. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such funding on acceptable terms or at all. Additional financing will increase risks of an investment in our company. For example, outside debt financing could constrain our cash flow, and additional equity financing would dilute current shareholders. The coronavirus pandemic caused disruptions with many of the consultants and companies we work with, which may continue to have negative repercussions on our business if those disruptions continue for an extended period time. We are closely monitoring the coronavirus pandemic and the directives from federal and local authorities regarding how it impacts the consultants and companies we work with for the development of our suite of products and services. Due to the pandemic many persons in the workforce have begun working from home and/or altered their work routines. Since the development and testing of our suite of products can be a hands on process these alternative work arrangements have significantly slowed down our anticipated schedules for the development, marketing and launch of our products and services, which has had a negative impact our business. We anticipate that the longer this shift in the workforce remains the norm, it will continue to disrupt the development of our products and services. Our shareholders will likely experience dilution of their ownership interests due to the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. We do not currently have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or to support our projected future capital expenditures. As a result, we will require additional funds from further financings, including equity financing transactions or sales of common or preferred stock, or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock, to complete the development of new projects, develop revenue-generating opportunities, and pay the general and administrative costs of our business. We may also issue such securities in connection with hiring or retaining employees and consultants (including stock options issued under our equity incentive plans), as payment to providers of goods and services, in connection with future acquisitions or for other business purposes. Our Board of Directors may at any time authorize the issuance of additional common stock without common stockholder approval, subject only to the total number of authorized common stock set forth in our articles of incorporation. The terms of equity securities issued by us in future transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include dividend and/or liquidation preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect. Any such future issuances of such additional shares of common stock or other securities may be at a price (have an exercise price) below the price our current shareholders paid for your shares. 16 Table of Contents Sales of shares of our common stock by broker dealers may not be permitted. Our common stock is not presently included for trading on any exchange, and there can be no assurances that our common stock will ultimately be listed on any exchange. As a result, our common stock is covered by a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, the rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may also affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares in any secondary market. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to remedy these material weaknesses and develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common shares. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. As defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically: (i) we did not have sufficient segregation of duties within our accounting functions; (ii) we have limited policies and procedures and we have not documented our key internal controls; and (iii) our corporate governance and U.S. GAAP and SEC accounting resources were not commensurate with those required of a reporting company. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementations could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm may reveal additional deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 17 Table of Contents We have a Computer Towers Lease Agreement with Sunray Trust and have been accruing the amounts we owe thereunder. In the event Sunray Trust ceases allowing us to accrue the amounts due under the lease agreement, and if we are unable to pay the lease amount, Sunray Trust could prohibit us from utilizing the server towers, super computers and virtual servers necessary to store the data used in our operations as well as the processors to run our programs and applications. Under the terms of a Computer Towers Lease Agreement, Sunray Trust provides us with sufficient space to store the data used in our operations as well as the processors to run our programs and applications in exchange for a monthly rate based on the number of server towers, super computers and virtual servers our business operations require, with the amount modified annually. We first became obligated to pay for these services on January 1, 2009, when the monthly lease payment was 43,758, or 525,096 for the year, which allowed us to utilize 6 towers, 30 super computers and 600 virtual servers. Each year we sign an amendment to the Computer Towers Lease Agreement for our projected use for the upcoming year, with each such amendment being approved by the non-interested members of our Board of Directors. From 2010 to 2014, the service payments were 875,000 annually. From 2015 through 2019, the service payments were 1,050,000 annually. The parties agreed to renew the agreement for 2020 under the same terms. On June 1, 2020, we leased two additional computer servers. As a result, the monthly lease payment was increased by 35,000 annually. For 2021 and 2022, the parties agreed to renew the agreement under the same terms as the end of 2020. Since we have not been able to pay the entire cost for the use of this computer storage and processing space, the amounts we owe Sunray Trust have been accrued. We will need to raise funds from the sale of our securities and/or generate revenues from our operations to be able pay Sunray Trust the past and future amounts owed under this agreement. In the event Sunray Trust ceases to allow us to accrue and amounts owed, and if we are unable to pay the amounts owing, Sunray Trust could prohibit us from utilizing the server towers, super computers and virtual servers necessary to store the data used in our operations as well as the processors to run our programs and applications, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. Anna Chin, our President, is a trustee of Sunray Trust. Excluding amounts owed under a separate promissory note, the total amounts owed, including other amounts received from and paid to our Chairperson, President and majority shareholder, totaled 7,026,000 as of December 31, 2021 and 8,331,000 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we owed Sunray Trust 1,809,370 in principal under a series of promissory notes that mature on dates between December 1, 2023 and August 31, 2027, plus accrued interest. In the event we are unable to repay this amount on the maturity dates we will be in default under the terms of the notes. Under the terms of a series of Promissory Notes we owe Sunray Trust 1,809,370, plus interest, which is accruing at 5 per annum (simple interest). We will need to raise funds from the sale of our securities and/or generate revenues from our operations to be able to repay this obligation. In the event we are unable to repay this amount on the maturity dates (between December 1, 2023 and August 31, 2027, with the significant majority due by January 1, 2024), we will be in default under the terms of the notes, which could subject us to legal action regarding the amounts we owe Sunray Trust. Anna Chin, our President, is a trustee of Sunray Trust. As of December 31, 2022, we owe accrued interest on these notes of 316,000. From inception of the Company through January 9, 2017 we received cash proceeds from individuals we call pre-subscribers herein. We do not believe such pre-subscriptions were an offer of securities, and if they were, that we complied the offering exemption provided for in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If those assumptions prove incorrect we could be made to refund the pre-subscribers funds and/or be forced to pay penalties and fines to federal and/or state securities regulators. From inception of the Company through January 9, 2017, we received cash proceeds as deposits from individuals who indicated an interest in purchasing shares of our common stock. At the time of these transactions, management does not believe that the Company offered securities for sale, as defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, if such transactions were deemed to be an offering of securities, management believes we complied with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including the requirement that each purchaser be an accredited investor (as defined) or a sophisticated investor (as defined). In the event that we were deemed to have offered securities for sale and did not comply with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, we could be required to refund amounts received and/or be subject to penalties from security regulators. In our prior offerings of our securities, we may have run afoul of certain state securities laws, which could cause us to pay substantial fines and/or face legal action from state regulatory authorities. We are currently reviewing our prior offerings of securities for the purpose of reviewing our compliance with state securities laws in relation to those offerings. In the event we are found to have violated stated securities laws, we could be made to pay substantial fines and/or could face legal action from state regulatory authorities, which could have a significant impact on our financial capabilities as well as our operations. 18 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Operations We face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors. We face significant competition from online search engines, sites offering integrated internet products and services, social media and networking sites, e-commerce sites, companies providing analytics, monetization and marketing tools for mobile and desktop developers, and digital, broadcast and print media. A number of these competitors are significantly larger than we are and have access to vastly greater financial resources. Additionally, in a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial services. Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of Internet products, online services and content in a manner similar to Gofba. We compete against these and other companies to attract and retain users and developers. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are increasingly used to communicate and share information, and which are attracting a substantial and increasing share of users, users online time, and online advertising dollars. A number of our competitors offer products, services and apps that directly compete for users of our product offerings, including e-mail, search, and messaging. Further, emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide new products, services and apps faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate or collaborate with each other, and new competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in international markets have a substantial competitive advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, have greater local brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar with local tastes and preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, developers, or distributors, our users and growth rates could decline. Although all our user data is encrypted, our security measures may be breached and user data accessed, which may cause users and customers to curtail or stop using our products and services, and may cause us significant legal and financial exposure. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of our users and customers personal and proprietary information in our facilities and on our equipment, networks, and corporate systems. As a result, we may be targeted by outside third parties, including technically sophisticated and well-resourced state-sponsored actors, attempting to access or steal our user and customer data or otherwise compromise user accounts. Security breaches or other unauthorized access or actions expose us to a risk of theft of user data, regulatory actions, litigation, investigations, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and brand, loss of user and partner confidence in the security of our products and services and resulting fees, costs, and expenses, loss of revenue, damage to our reputation, and potential liability. Outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users or customers data. In addition, hardware, software, or applications we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise network and data security. Additionally, some third parties, such as our distribution partners, service providers, vendors, and app developers, may receive or store information provided by us or by our users through applications that are integrated with our properties and services. If these third parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, our data or our users data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. Security breaches or other unauthorized access may in the future result in a combination of significant legal and financial exposure, increased remediation and other costs, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products, services, and networks that could have a significantly adverse effect on our business. We take steps to prevent unauthorized access to our corporate systems, however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently or may be disguised or difficult to detect, or designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Breaches of our security measures, or perceived breaches, may cause the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures to be harmed and cause us to lose users and customers. 19 Table of Contents Changes in regulations or user concerns regarding privacy and protection of user data, or any failure to comply with such laws, could adversely affect our business. Federal, state, and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, disclosure, sharing and security of data that we receive from and about our users. The use of consumer data by online service providers is a topic of active interest among federal, state, and international regulatory bodies, and the regulatory environment is unsettled. Many states have passed laws requiring notification to users where there is a security breach for personal data, such as California s Information Practices Act. We face similar risks in international markets where our products and services are offered. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies, or to comply with any applicable federal, state, or international privacy, data-retention or data-protection-related laws, regulations, orders or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, a loss of user confidence, damage to our business and brand, and a loss of users, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention, data transfer and data protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely impact our business, our brand or our reputation with users. For example, some countries are considering or have enacted laws mandating that user data regarding users in their country be maintained in their country. In addition, there currently is a data protection regulation applicable to member states of the European Union that includes operational and compliance requirements that are different than those currently in place and that also includes significant penalties for non-compliance. The interpretation and application of privacy, data protection, data transfer and data retention laws and regulations are often uncertain and in flux in the United States and internationally. These laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices, complicating long-range business planning decisions. If privacy, data protection, data transfer or data retention laws are interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our current policies and practices, we may be fined or ordered to change our business practices in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results. Complying with these varying international requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business and operating results. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. We consider trade secrets, including confidential and unpatented know-how and programs important to the maintenance of our competitive position. We protect trade secrets and confidential and unpatented know-how, in part, by customarily entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to such knowledge, such as our employees, outside technical and commercial collaborators, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We plan to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants that obligate them to maintain confidentiality and assign their inventions to us. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. 20 Table of Contents If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that differentiate our services and generate significant traffic to our websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. Internet search is characterized by rapidly changing technology, significant competition, evolving industry standards, and frequent product and service enhancements. We need to innovate to improve our users search experience to continue to differentiate our services and attract, retain, and expand our user base. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex process that requires significant levels of innovation and investment, as well as accurate anticipation of technology, market and consumer trends. If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services which differentiate our services, gain user acceptance and generate significant traffic to our websites, or if we are unable to effectively monetize the traffic from such products and services, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. Interruptions, delays, or failures in the provision of our services could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. Delays or disruptions to our service, or the loss or compromise of data, could result from a variety of causes, including the following: Our operations are susceptible to outages and interruptions due to fire, flood, earthquake, tsunami, other natural disasters, power loss, equipment or telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks, political or social unrest, and other events over which we have little or no control. We do not have multiple site capacity for all of our services and some of our systems are not fully redundant. In the event of delays or disruptions to service, some data or systems may not be fully recoverable. The systems through which we provide our products and services are highly technical, complex, and interdependent. Design errors might exist in these systems, or might be introduced when we make modifications, which might cause service malfunctions or require services to be taken offline while corrective responses are developed. Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, malware, worms, hacking, physical and electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, and other disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering, as well as coordinated denial-of-service attacks. We may not be in a position to promptly address attacks or to implement adequate preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such attacks. Such events could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, including changes to security measures, to deploy additional personnel, to defend litigation or to protect against similar future events, and may cause damage to our reputation or loss of revenue. We rely on third-party providers over which we have little or no control for our principal Internet connections and co-location of a significant portion of our data servers, and key components or features of certain of our products and services. Any disruption of the services they provide us or any failure of these third-party providers to handle higher volumes of use could, in turn, cause delays or disruptions in our services and loss of revenue. In addition, if our agreements with these third-party providers are terminated for any reason, we might not have a readily available alternative. Prolonged delays or disruptions to our service could result in a loss of users, damage to our brands, legal costs or liability, and harm to our operating results. 21 Table of Contents If we are unable to recruit, hire, pay, motivate, and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business plan. Our business and our ability to grow and compete in our market are dependent on our ability to recruit, hire, pay, motivate, and retain talented, highly skilled personnel. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors; the intense competition for such highly skilled personnel in locations where our offices are located; competitors hiring practices; the effectiveness of our compensation and retention programs; and fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees, and in attracting new key personnel, we may be unable to achieve our business plan and as a result, our ability to grow revenue and profitability will be impaired. A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices. We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or the interpretation of them, our introduction of new products or forms of advertising (such as native advertising), or an extension of our business into new areas, could increase our future compliance costs, make our products and services less attractive to our users, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We may incur substantial expenses to comply with laws and regulations or defend against a claim that we have not complied with them. Further, any failure on our part to comply with any relevant laws or regulations may subject us to significant civil or criminal liabilities, penalties, and negative publicity. The application of existing domestic and international laws and regulations to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, data transfer, security, defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation, consumer protection, accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications, mobile, television, and intellectual property ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act DMCA is intended, in part, to limit the liability of eligible online service providers for caching, hosting, listing or linking to, third-party websites or user content that include materials that give rise to copyright infringement. Portions of the Communications Decency Act CDA are intended to provide statutory protections to online service providers who distribute third-party content. We rely on the protections provided by both the DMCA and the CDA in conducting our business, and may be adversely impacted by future legislation and future judicial decisions altering these safe harbors or if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. These laws currently impose restrictions and requirements on our business, and future federal, state or international laws and legislative efforts designed to protect children on the Internet may impose additional requirements on us. 22 Table of Contents We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. We host and provide a wide variety of services and technology products that enable and encourage individuals and businesses to exchange information; upload or otherwise generate photos, videos, text, and other content; advertise products and services; conduct business; and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating to the liability of providers of online services and products for activities of their users is currently unsettled both within the United States and internationally. We may be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services violates laws in domestic and international jurisdictions. It is also possible that if any information provided directly by us contains errors or is otherwise wrongfully provided to users, third parties could make claims against us. For example, we offer web-based e-mail services, which expose us to potential risks, such as liabilities or claims, by our users and third parties, resulting from unsolicited e-mail, lost or misdirected messages, illegal or fraudulent use of e-mail, alleged violations of policies, property interests, or privacy protections, including civil or criminal laws, or interruptions or delays in e-mail service. We may also face purported consumer class actions or state actions relating to our online services, including our fee-based services. In addition, our customers, third parties, or government entities may assert claims or actions against us if our online services or technologies are used to spread or facilitate malicious or harmful code or applications. Investigating and defending these types of claims are expensive, even if the claims are without merit or do not ultimately result in liability, and could subject us to significant monetary liability or cause a change in business practices that could negatively impact our ability to compete. Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users. Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers may take, or have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. The adoption of any laws or regulations that limit access to the Internet by blocking, degrading or charging access fees to us or our users for certain services could decrease the demand for, or the usage of, our products and services, increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our operating results. 23 Table of Contents We face unique challenges by having users in China We have a number of users in China, believed to be in the millions. Having users in China creates a unique challenge. Chinese law states that all websites and like platforms must have an Internet Content Provider (ICP) License, however, the reality is they only place the requirement on companies that have servers based in China to provide their products and services. We have attempted to obtain an ICP License through Alibaba Cloud (a local Chinese company), but they have informed us that we don t qualify for an ICP License since we don t have any servers in China. Eventually, we plan to put servers in China and apply for an ICP License. China has not banned our products and services like they have other providers such as Google and Yahoo. We believe this is in large part due to the fact our search engine is scrubbed to almost entirely remove objectionable content. However, part of the risk of operating in China is that the government can block access to products and services without recourse, and, as a result, we are always subject to the discretion of the Chinese government to have users in China. If China were to block our products and services from users in China, it would significantly reduce our total numbers of users, which would have a detrimental impact on our ability to generate revenue based on our business model since the number of users we have has a direct correlation to some of our planned revenue-generating activities. ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2 PROPERTIES Our executive offices are located in Ontario, California, at 3281 East Guasti Road, Suite 700, Ontario, CA 91761. The lease expired on October 31, 2020, and we are currently renting two offices at the same location on a month-to-month basis. We also maintain office space at 13358 Monte Vista Ave., Chino, CA 91710. We entered into this lease on October 1, 2017 and it terminates on October 1, 2025. Under the terms of the lease we rent the space primarily for our computer servers and equipment. We pay 16,000 per month in rent. We lease this space from Sunray Trust. Anna Chin, our President, is a trustee of Sunray Trust. ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The litigation process is inherently uncertain and it is possible that the resolution of such matters might have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition and/or results of operations. However, in the opinion of our management, other than as set forth herein, matters currently pending or threatened against us are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 24 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is not currently listed or quoted on any national exchange or over-the-counter. There is no high or low bid information for our common stock to report. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 51,152,134 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 500 holders of record. Of these shares, 6,056,156 were held by non-affiliates. As of June 30, 2022, there were 6,043,756 shares held by non-affiliates, which had an estimated market value of 30,176,280, based on the last price we sold our common stock prior to June 30, 2022 5.00/share). As of March 28, 2023, there were 51,152,134 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 500 holders of record. Stock Options, Warrants and Convertible Debentures As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding stock options, warrants or convertible debentures. Dividends There have been no cash dividends declared on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Dividends are not limited and are declared at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Currently, we do not have any equity compensation plans. As a result, we did not have any options, warrants or rights outstanding under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. Preferred Stock As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Recent Issuance of Unregistered Securities During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not issue any unregistered securities. If our stock is listed on an exchange, we will be subject to the Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 which requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a few exceptions, which we do not meet. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. 25 Table of Contents Purchases of Equity Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any of our equity securities. ITEM 6 [RESERVED] ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION Disclaimer Regarding Forward Looking Statements Our Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include our ability to raise additional funds via the sale of our stock or issuance of notes payable, our ability to generate significant and recurring revenue from our products and services, international, national and local general economic and market conditions; the COVID-19 global pandemic; demographic changes; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. Overview We have developed a unique bundled internet solution, consisting of search, chat, email, and offsite file transfer and storage modules, created to address dangerous, pressing issues not adequately addressed by our competitors. Gofba was established to address the current dangers that threaten the everyday internet user. We see two primary threats. The first is unrestricted, free access to inappropriate material. We have developed proprietary search algorithms which eliminate or make scarce inappropriate material from search results. The second is security. To address this, we have developed proprietary security algorithms which provide an enhanced level of protection for users. During the current year, we recognized impairment charges on our software development assets. The recognition of these impairment charges was driven by a combination of factors, including changes in market conditions and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations. The impairment charges primarily related to our intangible assets, including software development costs, as we have not yet generated any revenues from our operations. The total impairment charges recognized during the year amounted to 1.2 million and were recognized as a non-cash expense in the income statement. Our management recognizes the impact that the impairment charges have had on our financial position and cash flows during the current year. However, management believes that these charges are a one-time event and will not materially affect our ongoing long-term strategy. Despite the impairment charges recognized during the current year, we remain committed to investing in our business and seeking out revenue generating activities. Our management has identified several key initiatives as part of our long-term strategy. 26 Table of Contents Firstly, we plan to continue investing in software development to create new software products and services that meet the evolving needs of the current marketplace. We recognize that technology and consumer preferences are constantly changing, and it is essential to stay ahead of these changes to remain competitive in the market. Secondly, we plan to establish partnerships with potential customers to develop custom software solutions and explore possible new revenue streams. This involves building relationships with key industry players and leveraging our expertise to deliver high-quality solutions. Thirdly, we plan to optimize our operations and improve efficiency to reduce costs and maximize profitability. This involves implementing lean software development processes and investing in automation and technology to streamline operations and improve productivity. Furthermore, we plan to continue to monitor our assets for potential impairments and adjust the carrying values of our assets as necessary. This ongoing assessment ensures that our financial statements accurately reflect the value of our assets and provide investors with a transparent view of our financial position. Overall, our management is confident in our ability to execute on our long-term strategy and deliver long-term shareholder value. While the recognition of impairment charges during the current year has had an impact on our financial position, management believes that our ongoing business operations are sound, and we remain committed to investing in our business and driving seeking growth opportunities. Corporate Overview We were incorporated in the State of California as Gofba, Inc. on November 6, 2008. Our offices are located at 3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 700, Ontario, CA 91761, telephone number (909) 212-7662. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included as part of this report. Critical Accounting Policies Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. Actual results may differ from our estimates. We continually review our accounting policies, how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. We have reviewed our critical accounting estimates with the audit and compliance committee of our Board of Directors. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for a summary of significant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements. Following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the financial statements. Website development in progress We capitalize the software development costs once the technological feasibility of a product is established. Significant management judgments and estimates are utilized in the assessment of when technological feasibility is established and the evaluation is performed on a product-by-product basis. The technological feasibility of product is established when we have completed all planning, designing, coding, and testing activities that are necessary to establish that the product can be produced to meet its design specifications including functions, features, and technical performance requirements. The amount of software development costs to be capitalized is allocated based on the time and cost of our employees and service providers spend creating and developing the product. As of December 31, 2022, we determined that the website development in progress was impaired and recorded the impairment charge to write down the assets to their fair value of zero. 27 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-lived Assets We review the recoverability of long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and software development costs, whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The assessment for possible impairment is based on our ability to recover the carrying value of the asset or asset group from the expected pre-tax cash flows, undiscounted and without interest charges, from the related operations. If the aggregation of the net cash flows is less than the carrying value of such assets, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between estimated fair value and carrying value. The determination and measurement of impairment of long-lived assets requires us to estimate future cash flows and the fair value of long-lived assets. Factors that we estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, inflation, long-term growth rates, cost of capital, marketing and capital spending. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. These factors are even more difficult to estimate as a result of uncertainties associated with the scope, severity and duration of the global COVID-19 pandemic. When performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using our best assumptions, which we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use. Furthermore, if we use different assumptions in future periods and estimates when impairment tests are performed, different results could occur. As of December 31, 2022, we completed an impairment assessment of our capitalized software and determined that the fair value of our capitalized software costs is zero and recorded an impairment loss of 1,188,000 for the year ended December, 31, 2022. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation over estimated useful lives of between three and six years using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated useful life or the lease term. Repairs and maintenance expenditures that do not significantly add value to property and equipment, or prolong its life, are charged to expense as incurred. Gains and losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in the operating results of the related period. Principles of Consolidation Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Gofba and the accounts of Great Tech, Inc. (GTI), an entity wholly-owned by Gofba s Chairperson, President and majority stockholder. The consolidated entities are referred to herein as the "Company" and intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Management determined that GTI is a variable interest entity primarily because it is thinly capitalized and may require additional capital to finance its activities. Management also determined that Gofba is the primary beneficiary of GTI based primarily on common stockholders and the related party nature of GTI s decision-makers and daily business operators. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recent accounting pronouncements are disclosed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. 28 Table of Contents Results of Operations We have no revenue-generating operations, a material working capital deficit, a history of experiencing operating losses, and a net stockholders deficit. Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have come from deposits on common stock subscriptions and operating expenses paid on our behalf by our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder. During 2021and 2022, we continued to develop our technologies, our strategy to monetize our intellectual properties and our business plan. Our management intends to rely on additional sales of our common stock, as well as loans and/or payments from our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder, to provide sufficient liquidity to meet our cash requirements for a period of at least the next twelve months. Given the uncertain nature of our plans, and our reliance on related parties, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern; however, there can be no assurance that our operations will generate substantial revenue or become profitable or that sources of financing, including the issuance of debt and/or equity securities, and continued borrowings from related parties, will be available at times and on terms acceptable to us, or at all. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued promissory notes for 572,000 cash proceeds, and sold subscriptions to issue 8,500 shares of common stock in exchange for 42,500 of cash proceeds. As of the date of this report, we continue to seek equity financing which we expect to be sold pursuant to our primary offering in our effective Registration Statement on Form S-1. We plan to focus on creating revenue generating activities through various initiatives. Since we have not established any recurring sources of revenue to cover our operating costs, we plan to continue to fund our losses through continued issuance of our common stock and receiving financial support from related parties, including our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued efforts in launching our Five Star Business Listing services and GOFBA News modules. During 2022, there were no revenues generated from these two new modules. We expect these new modules to grow and increase in user activity but we cannot reasonably estimate the financial impact at this time on our business. In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 as a pandemic. COVID-19 has had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy as a result of the continued increase in the number of cases and affected countries and actions by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations and individuals to address the outbreak, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total lock-down orders and business limitations and shutdowns. The COVID-19 pandemic had a negative impact on our business, results of operations, and development of our technologies by causing increased difficulties in our efforts to raise equity capital. We have relied on third party loans and cash advances from related parties. We expect the pandemic to have a negative impact through 2023. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but we expect it will continue to have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 29 Table of Contents Summary of Results of Operations The Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (000's) (000's) Revenues - - Cost of goods sold - - Gross profit (loss) - - Operating expenses: General and administrative 1,733 2,001 Professional fees 377 389 Depreciation and amortization 54 73 Impairment loss 1,188 - Total operating expenses 3,352 2,463 Net operating loss (3,352 (2,463 Other income (expense) - 88 Net Loss (3,352 (2,375 Revenue and Gross Profit We generated no revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net Loss Our net loss increased by 977,000 to 3,352,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,375,000 during the same period last year. The increase in net loss compared to the prior year is a result of the impairment loss of 1,188,000, which was partially offset by a decline in general and administrative expenses of 268,000, in professional fees of 12,000 and in depreciation and amortization of 19,000. Moreover, the Company also recorded other income of 88,000 attributable to our SBA Loan forgiven in 2021 whereas there was no such forgiveness during the same period this year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our most significant expense is included in general and administrative expense and represents over 1 million of services related to our use of a related party s office space, server towers, super computers and virtual servers. The counterparty to this agreement is a trust controlled by our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder. The annual agreement stipulating the equipment utilized and the monthly fee is ratified and approved by our board of directors. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses decreased by 268,000, to 1,733,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,001,000 during the same period last year. During the year 2022, the most significant expenses related to our use of a related party s server towers, office space, super computers and virtual servers from a trust controlled by our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder in the amount of 1,085,000, software and application maintenance expenses of approximately 208,000, and executive compensation of approximately 56,000 (as an additional 112,000 was capitalized as software development costs). The salary expense results from executive agreements, further discussed below and in the notes to our 2022 consolidated financial statements. 30 Table of Contents Professional Fees Our professional fees decreased by 12,000, to 377,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 389,000 during the same period in 2021. Professional fees incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, related principally to our outsourced staffing fees of approximately 226,000 and legal, accounting and public company related expenses of approximately 151,000 associated with us preparing our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, our 2022 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for each quarter ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022, and a post-effective amendment to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, which were filed during the year ended December 31, 2022 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect professional fees to fluctuate with the needs of our business and overall strategy to implement our business plan. In the event we undertake a significant transaction, such as an acquisition, securities offering, or file a registration statement, we would expect these fees to substantially increase during that period. Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Our depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by 19,000 to 54,000 from 73,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period last year. Impairment loss During the year ended December 31, 2022, we performed an impairment test of the capitalized software and software development in progress. We determined that the fair value of the assets was less than their carrying value, resulting in an impairment of 1,188,000. There was no such loss in the same period in 2021. Other Income (Expense) We received loans obtained under the CARES Act in 2021 in the amount of 88,000. In August 2021, all amounts due pursuant to the 88,000 loan, including accrued interest, were forgiven. As a result, we recognized other income of 88,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021 and the balance due under the loan was 0 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources We are still developing our technology platforms and technologies and are incurring operating losses. As a result, we have no recurring revenue streams and we have never generated positive operating cash flows. Our cash on hand as of December 31, 2022 was 1,000 and our monthly cash flow burn rate was approximately 60,000. To assist with our cash requirements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we obtained 572,000 of cash proceeds from the issuance of promissory notes payable to existing investors and Board of Director. We need to continue raising funds through debt or equity financings for the remainder of 2022 to meet our current monthly cash requirements of approximately 40,000. In addition, we have incurred a significant amounts of debt, 1.9 million including accrued interest, which is due beginning December 1, 2022. Since inception, our liquidity has been tight and we have significant short-term cash needs. Historically, these needs were satisfied through proceeds from deposits received for the sales of our common stock and loan and/or payments made on our behalf by our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder. We currently do not believe we will be able to satisfy our cash needs from our revenues for at least several years to come. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to develop our platform and technologies, strategy to monetize our intellectual properties and our business plan. We intend to rely on additional sales of the our common stock, as well as related party relationships and resources, to provide sufficient liquidity to meet our cash requirements for a period of at least the next twelve months. Given the uncertain nature of these plans, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that our operations will become profitable or that sources of financing, including the issuance of debt and/or equity securities, and borrowings from related parties, will be available at times and on terms acceptable to us, or at all. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 8,500 shares of stock subscriptions for cash proceeds of 42,500 and made no payments to return deposits on common stock subscriptions. We plan to focus on creating plans to revenue generating activities through various initiatives. Since we have not established any sources of recurring revenue to cover our operating costs, we plan to continue to fund our losses through continued issuance of our common stock and support from our majority stockholder and other related parties. 31 Table of Contents In order to repay our obligations in full, or in part, when due, we will be required to raise significant capital from other sources. There is no assurance, however, that we will be successful in these efforts. As stated earlier in this report, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence; however, management expects it to negatively impact the development of the Company s technologies and its ability to raise capital. Cash Requirements We had cash balances of 1,000 and 45,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on limited revenues, current cash balances and current expected monthly cash burn rate of approximately 40,000, we will need financial support from related parties and will need to raise money from the issuance of equity and/or debt securities, to fund operations. Further, we have a 1,285,000 note payable that is contractually due on January 1, 2024 (as amended), along with accrued interest of 317,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to seek out additional debt and/or equity financing. In July 2022 and December 2022, we obtained an 110,000 promissory note and a 8,170 promissory note, respectively. We may not be successful in obtaining the continued financial support of related parties and unrelated parties, borrowing additional funds or raising money from the issuance of our securities. Sources and Uses of Cash Operating We used cash for operating activities of 693,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 671,000 for the same period in 2021. The most significant factor in our operating cash used is our net loss, adjusted for non-cash expenses. In 2022, the net cash used in operating activities consisted primarily of our net loss of 3,233,000, offset by non-cash lease expenses of 1,277,000 and impairment loss of 1,188,000. In 2021, the net cash used in operating activities consisted primarily of our net loss of 2,272,000, which was offset by non-cash lease expenses of 1,265,000. We expect to continue to use significant cash amounts in our operating activities. Investing We did not use any cash in investing activities during year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We expect to use cash in investing activities in future periods, the extent of which is dependent on the availability of cash and business needs. Financing Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 649,000, compared to 680,000 for the same period in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash proceeds from the sale of common stock subscriptions were 42,500, and net advances from stockholder payable were 28,000. We also received 578,000 from promissory notes issued to existing investors and member of Board of Directors. During the same period last year, cash proceeds from the sale of common stock subscriptions were 77,000, and net advances from stockholder payable were 185,000. Additionally, during the same period last year, we received 88,000 from a Small Business Administration loan obtained under the CARES Act. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off balance sheet arrangements. 32 Table of Contents Related Party Transactions On May 14, 2018, we entered into employment agreements with Anna Chin and William DeLisi to serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, under which we agreed to compensate Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi each at the annual salary of 121,000, beginning January 1, 2018 and terminating on December 31, 2023, with the possibility of extending the term for one additional year. In the event we are not able to pay Ms. Chin and/or Mr. DeLisi cash compensation for their salaries, we may issue shares of our common stock, valued at 5.00 per share, in lieu of such cash compensation. Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi are also entitled to standard executive employee health and life insurance benefits and certain severance payments in the event of termination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 889,000 and 805,000 are due to these officers. Since our inception, we have leased access to server towers, super computers and virtual servers from a trust controlled by our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder. Under the terms of the agreement, we first became obligated to pay for these services on January 1, 2009, when the monthly payment was 44,000 or 525,000 for the 2009 year. From 2010 to 2014, the service payments were 875,000 annually. From 2015 through 2019, the service payments were 1,050,000 annually. The parties agreed to renew the agreement for 2020 under the same terms. On June 1, 2020, we leased two additional computer servers. As a result, the monthly lease payment was increased by 35,000 annually. For 2021, the parties agreed to renew the agreement under the same terms as the end of 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expenses associated with these services were 1,085,000 and 1,085,000, respectively. Our board of directors has ratified and approved the terms of each annual service agreement. The agreement expired on October 30, 2020 and was renewed through October 30, 2025. Amounts owed to the Chairperson, President and majority stockholder for amounts owing under this arrangement are included in stockholder payable. In October 2017, we entered into an operating lease with a trust controlled by our Chairperson, President, and majority stockholder for office and internet server space for monthly rent of 16,000. The agreement expires October 1, 2027. Amounts owed to the Chairperson, President and majority stockholder under this arrangement are included in stockholder payable. We have primarily relied on the financial and human resources, relationships, funding and expertise of our founding stockholders, who are husband and wife, since inception. As a result, we advance and receive funds as our cash needs dictate and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts funded to us by our Chairperson, President and majority stockholder were 1,308,000 and 1,457,000, respectively, and amounts returned during the same periods were 3,000 and 6,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the stockholder payable balance outstanding was 8,331,000 and 8,331,000, respectively. The stockholder payable does not bear interest, is not collateralized and has no formal repayment terms. On December 12, 2022, July 21, 2022, May 6, 2022, February 24, 2022, March 31, 2022, November 18, 2021, and June 18, 2021 and, we entered into promissory notes with investors and a Board of Director of the Company. See Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this report for further discussion. ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA For a list of financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this Annual Report, see the Index to Financial Statements beginning at page F-1 of this Annual Report. 33 Table of Contents ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(c) and 15d 15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective (1) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to us, including our chief executive and chief financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. No matter how well conceived and operated, our disclosure controls and procedures can provide only a reasonable level of assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Furthermore, smaller reporting companies face additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties. Often, one or two individuals control every aspect of the company's operation and are in a position to override any system of internal control. Additionally, smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial Officer), and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and any disposition of our assets; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 34 Table of Contents A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has identified the following material weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 1. We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 2. We have not documented our internal controls. We have limited policies and procedures that cover the recording and reporting of financial transactions and accounting provisions. As a result, we may be delayed in our ability to calculate certain accounting provisions. While we believe these provisions are accounted for correctly in externally reported financial statements, our lack of internal controls could lead to a delay in our reporting obligations. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 3. Our corporate governance and U.S. GAAP and SEC accounting resources were not commensurate with those required of a reporting company. Although we are working to increase our accounting resources as our budget allows, we do not have all resources in place, which could lead to a delay in our reporting obligations. To address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the consolidated financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Accordingly, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. (c) Remediation of Material Weaknesses In order to remediate the material weakness in our documentation, evaluation and testing of internal controls, once we raise sufficient funds we intend to hire additional qualified and experienced personnel to assist us in remedying these material weaknesses as our business grows and as additional financial and other resources become available to us. (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, such internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 35 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and ages of our directors, director nominees, and executive officers as of March 28, 2023, the principal offices and positions with the Company held by each person and the date such person became a director or executive officer of the Company. The executive officers of the Company are elected annually by the Board of Directors. The directors serve one-year terms until their successors are elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation, or removal by the Board of Directors. Unless described below, there are no family relationships among any of the directors and officers. Name Age Position Anna Chin 69 President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairperson of the Board and a Director William DeLisi 63 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director John Larsen 61 Vice President and Director Joanna M. Kha 46 Director Anna Chin . Ms. Chin is the founder and visionary behind Gofba, and currently serves as our President, Chief Financial Officer, and the Chairperson of our Board of Directors. Ms. Chin has been one of our executive officers since the Company s formation in 2008. In these positions, she has directed much of our business operations. She began this journey over ten years ago with the desire to create a safe haven online, a gift for generations to come, and founded Gofba with the goal of achieving this dream. Prior to founding Gofba, Ms. Chin achieved a number of successes in the world of fashion design and graphic design. She is a graduate of Video Symphony Pro School of Media Production where she specialized in graphic design. William DeLisi . Mr. DeLisi is our Chief Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors. Mr. DeLisi is also our Chief Technology Officer and has been since our formation in 2008. In this position, Mr. DeLisi is responsible for the development of proprietary technology that serves as the backbone of Gofba s platform. Mr. DeLisi has 30 years of experience in the computer industry, including holding the position of Chief Technology Officer at several companies. He has worked closely with several Microsoft Gold Certified Partners, helping pioneer cloud computing and creating security infrastructures that are still in use today. He has over 30 certifications with Microsoft, Cisco, Apple and others, which include the coveted Systems Engineer accreditation as well as expert status in Cloud Design and Implementation. John Larsen . Dr. Larsen, M.D. is our Vice President and a member of our Board of Directors. Dr. Larsen s role at Gofba has primarily been to work alongside executives and board members, participating in and nurturing broad networks of alliances with others. He has worked to ensure highly productive relationships for the benefit of the organization. He has provided directional insight and been involved in business strategy involving attracting, retaining, and motivating staff, identifying revenue generation ventures, and identifying new business opportunities. Dr. Larsen was self-employed as a physician with Southwestern Medical Group from 1991 to 2015. From 2017 to present, he is employed as a Senior Physician Consultant with AIM Specialty Health. Dr. Larsen, M.D. graduated from Pacific Lutheran University in 1982 with a bachelor s degree in Economics with Magna Cum Laude honors. He went on to graduate from the University of Washington School of Medicine in 1986 and after completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at the University of Southern California in 1991. After graduating, Dr. Larsen entered private practice and has been involved in the development of surgery centers and pain management clinics. 36 Table of Contents Joanna M. Kha. Mrs. Kha is an Assistant Vice President at East West Bank, a position she has held since 2007. In this capacity, Mrs. Kha is responsible for long term financial planning, and is involved in relationships in the banking and investment arena. She has provided information and instituted procedures for banking and accounting practices. Mrs. Kha has been working in the banking/financial industry since 1996. Mrs. Kha attended California State Polytechnic University. Term of Office Our directors hold office until the next annual meeting or until their successors have been elected and qualified, or until they resign or are removed. Our Board of Directors appoints our officers, and our officers hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify, or until their resignation or their removal. Family Relationships William DeLisi and Anna Chin are husband and wife. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings Our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 1. No bankruptcy petition has been filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 2. any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 4. being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. being the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 37 Table of Contents Board Meetings and Committees During 2022, the Board of Directors took written action on several occasions. The written actions were by unanimous consent. Our company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Board of Directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the Board of Directors. We do not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our president at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report. Audit Committee Financial Expert Our Board of Directors has determined that it does not have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We believe that the Board members are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated significant revenues to date. Nomination Procedures For Appointment of Directors As of December 31, 2022, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. Code of Ethics We do not have a code of ethics. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. During the most recent fiscal year, to the Company s knowledge, the following delinquencies occurred: Name No. of Late Reports No. of Transactions Reported Late No. of Failures to File Anna Chin 0 0 0 William DeLisi 0 0 0 John Larsen 0 0 0 Joanna M. Kha 0 0 0 38 Table of Contents ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The particulars of compensation paid to the following persons: (a) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022 who had total compensation exceeding 100,000; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at December 31, 2022, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, are set out in the following summary compensation table: Executive Officers and Directors The Summary Compensation Table shows certain compensation information for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other than as set forth herein, no xecutive officer s salary and bonus exceeded 100,000 in any of the applicable years. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, the estimated fair value of stock options granted and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Anna Chin 2022 121,248 (1) -0- -0- - - - 18,648 (2) 139,896 President and CFO 2021 121,248 (3) -0- -0- - - - 18,648 (2) 139,896 William DeLisi 2022 121,248 (1) -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 18,648 (2) 139,896 CEO and Secretary 2021 121,248 (3) -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 18,648 (2) 139,896 John Larsen 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Vice President 2021 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- (1) Includes 69,951 paid in salary, plus 51,297 in accrued salary. (2) Paid flexible time off, all amounts accrued. (3) Includes 74,614 paid in salary plus 46,634 in accrued salary. 39 Table of Contents Employment Contracts On May 14, 2018, we entered into employment agreements with Anna Chin and William DeLisi to serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, under which we agreed to compensate Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi each at the annual salary of 121,248, beginning January 1, 2018 and terminating on December 31, 2023, with the possibility of extending for one additional year. In the event we are not able to pay Ms. Chin and /or Mr. DeLisi cash compensation for their salaries, we are able to issue shares of our common stock, valued at 5.00 per share, in lieu of such cash compensation. Any such shares will be issued at the end of each calendar quarter for any cash compensation they did not receive. Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi are also entitled to standard executive employee health and life insurance benefits while they are employed by us. In the event Ms. Chin or Mr. DeLisi are terminated without cause they are entitled to severance payments equal to the greater of (i) the remainder of the term under their employment agreement, or (ii) one year, whichever is greater. Long-Term Incentive Plans. We do not provide our officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive or other plans and have no intention of implementing any of these plans for the foreseeable future. Employee Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans. We do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although we may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. Director Compensation The following table sets forth director compensation for 2022: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Anna Chin -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- William DeLisi -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- John Larsen -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Joanna M. Kha -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- We have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although such directors may receive stock options to purchase common shares as awarded by our Board of Directors or (as to future stock options) a compensation committee which may be established. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf other than services ordinarily required of a director. 40 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards The following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers on December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Anna Chin -0- -0- -0- N/A N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- William DeLisi -0- -0- -0- N/A N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- John Larsen -0- -0- -0- N/A N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End There were no outstanding stock options or stock appreciation rights granted to our executive officers and directors at December 31, 2022. Aggregated Option Exercises There were no options exercised by any officer or director of our company during our twelve month period ended December 31, 2022. Long-Term Incentive Plan Currently, our company does not have a long-term incentive plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. 41 Table of Contents Director Independence Currently, one of our directors is considered independent. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship that, in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; the director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); a family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; the director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); the director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or the director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. Of our directors, one is considered independent, Ms. Joanna Kha. 42 Table of Contents ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth, as of March 28, 2023, certain information with respect to our equity securities owned of record or beneficially by (i) each Officer and Director of the Company; (ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of each class of the Company s outstanding equity securities; and (iii) all Directors and Executive Officers as a group. Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) Nature of Beneficial Ownership Amount Percent of Class (1) Common Stock Anna Chin (3) President, CFO, and a Director 42,034,878 82.2 Common Stock William DeLisi (3) CEO, Secretary and a Director 1,000,000 1.9 Common Stock John Larsen (3) VP and a Director 2,020,000 4.0 Common Stock Joanna M. Kha (3) Director 108,000 (4) 1 All Officers and Directors as a Group (5 persons) 45,162,878 88.3 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, based on 51,152,134 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of the person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage of any other person. Our executive officers and directors own an aggregate of 45,162,878 shares. Between 2009 and 2016, approximately 470 individuals or entities, including four investors that are now part of our officer and director group, gave us pre-subscription orders for shares of our common stock at between 1 and 5 per share, to be issued in the future only once we were in a position to issue their shares and if we were going to file to go public. In 2017, we sent a Disclosure Statement to those individuals asking if they wished to confirm their investment in Gofba and receive shares of our common stock, or if they desired to rescind their investment and receive their investment money back. Approximately 350 of those individuals or entities confirmed their investment in Gofba and indicated they wish to receive shares of Gofba common stock, and 76 indicated they wish to rescind their investment in Gofba and receive their investment funds back. In early May 2020, we sent letters to all those pre-subscribers that had requested a return of their funds but had not received them yet, asking that they confirm their address to us so we can return their funds. As we receive those letters back from pre-subscribers we have been returning their funds timely to the address indicated by each pre-subscriber. As of December 31, 2022, we had refunded all investments back to pre-subscribers that requested them but still have not received a response from pre-subscribers representing deposits of 129,000, while pre-subscribers representing deposits of 9,000 have rescinded their investments. These amounts represent the only amounts still owed to pre-subscribers. (2) Unless indicated otherwise, the address of the shareholder is Gofba, Inc., 3281 East Guasti Road, Suite 700, Ontario, CA 91761. (3) Indicates one of our officers or directors. (4) Mrs. Kha s shares are held jointly with Matthew T. Lee, her husband. The issuer is not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any class of the issuer, other than as set forth above. The issuer is not aware of any person who controls the issuer as specified in Section 2(a)(9) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. There are no classes of stock other than Common Stock. The Company does not have an investment advisor. 43 Table of Contents ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Since inception we have leased computer storage and processing space from Sunray Trust, a trust for which Anna Chin, one of our officers and directors, is a trustee. Under the terms of a Computer Towers Lease Agreement, Sunray Trust provides us with sufficient space to store the data used in our operations as well as the processors to run our programs and applications in exchange for a monthly rate based on the amount number of server towers, super computers and virtual servers our business operations require, with the amount amended annually. We first became obligated to pay for these services on January 1, 2009, when the monthly lease payment was 43,758, or 525,096 for the year, which allowed us to utilize 6 towers, 30 super computers and 600 virtual servers. Each year we sign an amendment to the Computer Towers Lease Agreement for our use for the upcoming year. From 2010 to 2014, the service payments were 875,000 annually. From 2015 through 2019, the service payments were 1,050,000 annually. The parties agreed to renew the agreement for 2020 under the same terms. On June 1, 2020, we leased two additional computer servers. As a result, the monthly lease payment was increased by 35,000 annually. For 2021 and 2022, the parties agreed to renew the agreement under the same terms as the end of 2020. Since we have not have not been able to pay the entire cost for the use of this computer storage and processing space the amounts we owe Sunray Trust have been accrued through December 31, 2022. The total amounts owed, including other amounts received from and paid to our Chairperson, President and majority shareholder, were 8,331,000 as of December 31, 2022. We will need to raise funds from the sale of our securities and/or generate revenues from our operations to be able pay Sunray Trust the past and future amounts owed under this agreement. The original Computer Towers Lease Agreement terminated on October 20, 2020, and was renewed for an additional five years with a new expiration date of October 30, 2025. Under the terms of a series of Promissory Notes we owe Sunray Trust 1,809,370, plus interest, which is accruing at 5 per annum (simple interest). We will need to raise funds from the sale of our securities and/or generate revenues from our operations to be able to repay this obligation. In the event we are unable to repay this amount on the maturity dates (between December 1, 2023 and August 31, 2027, with the significant majority due by January 1, 2024), we will be in default under the terms of the notes, which could subject us to legal action regarding the amounts we owe Sunray Trust. Anna Chin, our President, is a trustee of Sunray Trust. As of December 31, 2022, we owe accrued interest on these notes of 316,000. On May 14, 2018, we entered into employment agreements with Anna Chin and William DeLisi to serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, under which we agreed to compensate Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi each at the annual salary of 121,248, beginning January 1, 2018 and terminating on December 31, 2023, with the possibility of extending for one additional year. In the event we are not able to pay Ms. Chin and /or Mr. DeLisi cash compensation for their salaries, we are able to issue shares of our common stock, valued at 5.00 per share, in lieu of such cash compensation. Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi are also entitled to standard executive employee health and life insurance benefits while they are employed by us. In the event Ms. Chin or Mr. DeLisi are terminated without cause they are entitled to severance payments equal to the greater of (i) the remainder of the term under their employment agreement, or (ii) one year, whichever is greater. As of December 31, 2022, 889,000 is owed to these officers. 44 Table of Contents We maintain office space at 13358 Monte Vista Ave., Chino, CA 91710. We entered into this lease on October 1, 2017 and it terminates on October 1, 2022. Under the terms of the lease we rent the space primarily for our computer servers and equipment. We pay 16,000 per month in rent. We lease this space from Sunray Trust. Anna Chin, our President, is a trustee of Sunray Trust. Corporate Governance As of December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors consisted of Anna Chin, William DeLisi, John Larsen, and Joanna M. Kha. As of December 31, 2022, one of our directors qualified as an independent director as the term is used in NASDAQ rule 5605(a)(2), namely Joanna M. Kha. ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees The aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for professional services rendered by Haskell White LLP for the audit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, quarterly reviews of our interim consolidated financial statements in 2021 and 2020 and services normally provided by the independent accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, including Post-Effective Amendments to our Form S-1 registration statement that was declared effective on November 12, 2019, were as follows: 2022 2021 Audit Fees 73,500 64,500 Audit Related Fees 21,000 15,000 Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 94,500 79,500 In the above table, audit fees are fees billed by our company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our company s annual consolidated financial statements and reviewing our company s quarterly consolidated financial statements for the subject year. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit fees that are billed by the auditor for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our company s financial statements, including services related to the filing of registration statements and related amendments. Tax fees are fees billed by the auditor for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All other fees are fees billed by the auditor for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. Policy on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee of Services Performed by Independent Auditors The Board of Directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors before the respective services were rendered. The Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by Haskell White LLP and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining Haskell White LLP s independence. 45 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) Financial Statements For a list of financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this Annual Report, see the Index to Financial Statements beginning at page F-1 of this Annual Report. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules We do not have any financial statement schedules required to be supplied under this Item. (a)(3) Exhibits Refer to (b) below. (b) Exhibits Item No. Description 3.1(1) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Gofba, Inc. 3.2 (1) Amended and Restated Bylaws of Gofba, Inc. 10.1(1) Lease with RAR2-Inland Empire Offices-CA, Inc. dated July 9, 2015 10.2(1) Form of Stock Purchase Agreement for Litigation Settlement Offering 10.3(1) Settlement and Release Agreement by and between Gofba, Inc. and Sharlene Chang, et al dated October 3, 2017 10.4(1) Amendment No. 1 to Settlement and Release Agreement by and between Gofba, Inc. and Sharlene Chang, et al dated March 27, 2018 10.5(1) Computer Towers Lease Agreement dated November 1, 2006 10.6(1) Form of Annual Amendment to Computer Towers Lease Agreement 10.7(1) Employment Agreement with Anna Chin dated May 14, 2018 10.8(1) Employment Agreement with William DeLisi dated May 14, 2018 10.9(1) Promissory Note issued to Sunray Trust dated May 1, 2018 10.10(2) Amendment No. 1 to Computer Tower Lease Agreement by and between Gofba, Inc. Sunray Trust dated January 1, 2020 10.11(2) Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note issued to Sunray Trust dated March 5, 2020 10.12(3) Amendment to Computer Towers Lease Agreement dated November 1, 2020 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Accounting Officer (filed herewith) 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Accounting Officer (filed herewith). 46 Table of Contents 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). ____________ Filed herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. (1) Incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on May 25, 2018. (2) Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K (12/31/19) filed with the Commission on April 14, 2020. (3) Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K (12/31/20) filed with the Commission on March 25, 2021. ITEM 16 - FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 47 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Gofba, Inc. Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Anna Chin Its: Anna Chin President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ William DeLisi Its: William DeLisi Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Secretary In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Anna Chin By: Anna Chin, Director Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ William DeLisi By: William DeLisi, Director Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ John Larsen By: John Larsen, Director Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Joanna M. Kha By: Joanna M. Kha, Director 48 Table of Contents ITEM 8. Consolidated Financial Statements INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Gofba, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Gofba, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses, negative cash flows from operations, and has limited liquidity, and management believes the Company does not currently possess sufficient working capital to fund its operations for a period of at least twelve months. These conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Emphasis of a Matter As summarized in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the accompanying consolidated financial statements include significant transactions with related parties, and as a result, may not be indicative of the consolidated financial position or results of operations had the Company operated as an independent entity. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. F-2 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Continued) Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Haskell White LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. March 31, 2023 F-3 GOFBA, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets (000's) (000's) Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Software development costs, net (Note 3) Right-of-use assets (Note 9) Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current lease liabilities (Note 9) Deposits on common stock subscriptions (Note 4) Stockholder payable (Note 5) Note payable (Note 6) Note payable - related party (Note 7) Interest payable related party (Note 7) Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Note payable - related party (Note 7) Noncurrent lease liabilities (Note 9) Total noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 7, 9, 11, 12) Stockholders deficit (Note 4) Common stock, no par value; shares authorized; and shares outstanding at December 2022 and 2021, respectively Non-controlling interest Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders deficit See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. F-4 Table of Contents GOFBA, INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (000's) (000's) (except share and per share amounts) Revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit Costs and expenses General and administrative Professional fees Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss Total costs and expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Net loss Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to the Company Net loss per share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. F-5 Table of Contents GOFBA, INC. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common Stock Non-controlling Accumulated Shares Amount Interest Deficit Total (000's) (000's) (000's) (000's) Balance, December 31, 2020 Sales of common stock for cash (Note 4) Net loss - Balance, December 31, 2021 Sales of common stock for cash (Note 4) Net loss - Balance, December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. F-6 Table of Contents GOFBA, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (000's) (000's) Cash flows from operating activities Net loss Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to the Company Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest SBA Loan forgiveness (Note 8) - Non-cash lease expense (Note 9) Impairment charge Depreciation and amortization expense Changes in: Prepaid expenses and other current assets - Accounts payable and accrued expenses Interest payable - note payable Interest payable - related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from sales of common stock Proceeds from SBA Loan - Proceeds from note payable - related party Proceeds from note payable Net advances from stockholder payable Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing activities: Accrual of software developments costs See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. F-7 Table of Contents Basis of Presentation Principles of Consolidation Management Estimates F-8 Table of Contents shares of its common stock to 4 non-affiliated investors in exchange for of cash proceeds and received cash proceeds of from the issuance of notes payable. All stock sales were made pursuant to the Company s primary offering in its effective Registration Statement on Form S-1. The Company requires significant amounts of cash to fund its planned development activities and repay its debt, and as such management plans to raise additional funds throughout 2023 to meet its working capital needs. The Company plans to continue its focus on creating new revenue generating activities through various initiatives. Since the Company experienced impairment losses (further discussed below) and since the Company has not completed development of its technologies and has not established any sources of recurring revenue to cover its operating costs, the Company plans to continue to fund its losses through continued issuance of its common stock and support from its primary stockholder and other related parties. In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 as a pandemic. COVID-19 has had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy as a result of the continued increase in the number of cases and affected countries and actions by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations and individuals to address the outbreak, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total lock-down orders and business limitations and shutdowns. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business, results of operations, development of the Company s technologies, and ability to raise capital is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but management expects it will continue to have a material impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Cash and Cash Equivalents Property and Equipment F-9 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets for the year ended December, 31, 2022. Income Taxes valuation allowance for the tax effect of these net operating losses, and as a result, no benefit for income taxes has been provided in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company provided the valuation allowance since management could not determine that it was more likely than not that the benefits of the deferred tax assets would be realized. F-10 Table of Contents Net Loss per Share Leases Recent Accounting Pronouncements F-11 Table of Contents Less accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Website development Less accumulated amortization Software Impairment Software development costs, net Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed an impairment assessment of the software assets. As a result, the Company determined that the fair value of the assets was less than their carrying value, resulting in an impairment charge of ,000. F-12 Table of Contents shares of preferred stock, no par value. The Company has not issued, nor established any series for, any of its preferred stock. The Company s preferred stock is blank check preferred whereby the Company s Board of Directors may create a series of preferred stock and set the rights and preferences of such preferred stock, without further stockholder approval. The availability or issuance of preferred shares in the future could delay, defer, discourage or prevent a change in control. Common Stock The Company has authorized shares of common stock, no par value, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the shares outstanding were shares and shares, respectively. Of these outstanding shares, shares were issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2014, the Company agreed to issue shares of its common stock to the Company s co-founder, who is also the Company s Chairperson and President. These shares were promised to this individual as a co-founder upon incorporating the Company in 2008. These shares were issued by the Company in March 2018. In 2014, the Company agreed to issue shares of its common stock to the Company s co-founder, who is also the Company s Chief Executive Officer. These shares were promised to this individual as a co-founder upon incorporating the Company in 2008. These shares were issued by the Company in March 2018. On the date these shares were agreed to be issued, the Company s business model was still in development, as was a significant portion of its technologies. Further, the Company s liquidity was extremely limited. As a result, the estimated fair value of these founder shares was nominal on the date the Company committed to their issuance. During the first quarter of 2018, the Company s board of directors voluntarily elected to approve the issuance of shares of common stock to a number of individuals and entities, including directors and officers, that have worked with the Company over the last several years and assisted with the creation and testing of the Company s various products. The Company was not obligated to issue these shares and the shares were not issued pursuant to any consulting agreement or stock compensation plan. In total, the Company approved the issuance of an aggregate of shares of its common stock. The awarded shares were fully-vested on the date of grant and the Company recognized a charge to professional fees in the amount of , which was based on the estimated fair value of common stock awarded. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold subscriptions to issue shares of common stock in exchange for of cash proceeds. These sales were made pursuant to the Company s primary offering in its effective Registration Statement on Form S-1. Deposits on Common Stock Subscriptions Since inception of the Company, and before the issuance of the Company s disclosure statement in January 2017 (see below), the Company received gross cash proceeds of approximately as deposits from investors who have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of the Company s common stock. The Company has refunded an aggregate of approximately . F-13 Table of Contents have been ratified. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has not received a response from individuals or entities representing deposits of . Based on the refundable nature of the Company s common stock subscriptions, and until each potential investor ratified their investment decision, amounts received by the Company have been presented as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and, 2021, deposits on common stock subscriptions were . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not make any payment to return deposits on common stock subscriptions. Warrants and Stock Options There are no warrants or stock options granted, issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. and , respectively, and amounts returned during the same periods were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and, 2021, the stockholder payable balance outstanding was and , respectively. The stockholder payable does not bear interest, is not collateralized and has no formal repayment terms. at at annual, simple interest and was obligated to pay monthly interest starting July 15, 2021 with the principal balance paid on June 15, 2022. In June 2022, the parties ratified an extension of the maturity date of the note to June 15, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the promissory note and interest payable was and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note in the amount of and , respectively. F-14 Table of Contents at at annual, simple interest and was obligated to pay monthly interest starting December 15, 2021 with the principal balance paid on November 18, 2022. The note has been renewed with a new due date of November 18, 2023. The balance of the promissory note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and interest payable related to the promissory note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note of and , respectively. On February 24, 2022, the Company entered in another promissory note with a different investor and member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the terms of the promissory note, the Company borrowed at at annual, simple interest and was obligated to pay monthly interest starting February 24, 2022 with the principal balance paid on March 15, 2023. The note has been renewed with a new due date of March 15, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the promissory note was and interest payable related to the promissory note was . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note of . There was no such note during 2021. On March 31, 2022, the Company entered in another promissory note with the same investor. Under the terms of the promissory note, the Company borrowed at at annual, simple interest and was obligated to pay monthly interest starting August 30, 2022 with the principal balance paid on July 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the promissory note was and interest payable related to the promissory note was . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note of . There was no such note during 2021. at annual, simple interest and was obligated to repay the principal and interest amounts on January 1, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the parties ratified an extension of the maturity date of the note to . The note has been renewed with a new due date of January 1, 2024 . The promissory note contains standard acceleration provisions upon an event of default and the borrowing is not collateralized. As of December 31, 2022 the balance of the promissory note was , and interest payable related to the promissory note was and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note of and , respectively. On May 6, 2022, the Company entered into another promissory note with the same trust. Under the terms of the promissory note, the Company borrowed at annual, simple interest and is obligated to repay the principal and interest amounts on December 1, 2022. The note has been renewed with a new due date of December 1, 2023. The promissory note contains standard acceleration provisions upon an event of default and the note is uncollateralized. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the promissory note was , and interest payable related to the promissory note was . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note of .. There was no such note during 2021. F-15 Table of Contents at annual, simple interest and is obligated to repay the principal and interest amounts by August 31, 2027. The promissory note contains standard acceleration provisions upon an event of default and the note is uncollateralized. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the promissory note was , and interest payable related to the promissory note was . For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company incurred interest expense from the promissory note of . There was no such note during 2021. On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into another promissory note with the same trust. Under the terms of the promissory note, the Company borrowed at annual, simple interest and is obligated to repay the principal and interest amounts by August 31, 2027. The promissory note contains standard acceleration provisions upon an event of default and the note is uncollateralized. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the promissory note was , and no interest expense was accrued. There was no such note during 2021. , which management believes were used in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act. Until the ten-month anniversary of the covered period of the Note (the Deferment Period ), neither principal nor interest is due and payable. Interest will continue to accrue during the deferment period. After the Deferment Period, the outstanding principal of the Note that is not forgiven will convert to an amortizing term loan at an interest rate of per annum requiring equal monthly payments of principal and interest. The Company is accounting for the Note using the debt model under ASC Topic 470. In August 2021, all amounts due pursuant to the Note, including accrued interest, were forgiven. As a result, the balance due under the Note was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. . From 2015 through 2019, the service payments were annually. The parties agreed to renew the agreement for 2020 under the same terms. On June 1, 2020, the Company leased two additional computer servers. As a result, the monthly lease payment was increased by annually. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expenses associated with these services were and , respectively. The Company s board of directors has ratified and approved the terms of each annual service agreement. The master agreement expired and has since been renewed for an additional five years with a new expiration of . Amounts owed to the Chairperson, President and majority stockholder for amounts owing under this arrangement are included in stockholder payable (Note 5). F-16 Table of Contents . and has been renewed for an additional five years with a new expiration of October 1, 2027 . Amounts owed to the Chairperson, President and majority stockholder for amounts owing under this arrangement are included in stockholder payable (Note 5). In August 2015, the Company entered into an operating lease (as amended) for office space in Ontario, California, which expired on . Currently, the Company leases space at the location on a month-to-month basis. Rent expense for office space for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Balance sheet information related to operating leases with terms of more than 12 months is as follows (in thousands): Current portion of operating lease liabilities Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities The Company had operating leases costs of for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Operating lease Right-of-use assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The discount rate to measure the Company's operating lease obligations is annually. The Company's leases have remaining lease terms of years to years, inclusive of renewal or termination options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. The following table summarizes the maturities of the Company's operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands ): F-17 Table of Contents 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total operating lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 3,567 Concentrations Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and money market funds. Management mitigates such potential risks by maintaining the Company s cash balances with entities that management believes possess high-credit quality. Other Contingencies From inception of the Company through January 9, 2017, the date of the disclosure statement described in Note 4, the Company received cash proceeds as deposits from individuals who indicated an interest in purchasing shares of the Company s stock. At the time of these transactions, management does not believe that the Company offered securities for sale, as defined by the Securities Act of 1933. However, if such transactions were deemed to be an offering of securities, management believes that the Company complied with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, including the requirement that each purchaser be an accredited investor (as defined) or a sophisticated investor (as defined). In the event that the Company was deemed to have offered securities for sale and did not comply with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, the Company may be required to refund amounts received and/or be subject to penalties from security regulators. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any amounts related to this uncertainty. Periodically, the Company receives services from individuals that the Company classifies as independent contractors. Management believes that such individuals are independent contractors because, among other things, they can choose whether, when, and where to provide services and are free to provide services to others. However, if the Company was required to classify such individuals as employees, it would likely incur significant additional expenses, potentially including expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws, employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes, and penalties. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any amounts related to this uncertainty. . F-18 Table of Contents , beginning and terminating on , with the possibility of extending the term for one additional year. In the event the Company is not able to pay Ms. Chin and/or Mr. DeLisi cash compensation for their salaries, the Company may issue shares of its common stock, valued at per share, in lieu of such cash compensation. Any such shares are to be issued at the end of each calendar quarter for any cash compensation they did not receive. Ms. Chin and Mr. DeLisi are also entitled to standard executive employee health and life insurance benefits and certain severance payments in the event of termination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts owed to these officers totaled and , respectively, and such amounts are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. F-19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gofba_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gofba_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer I, William DeLisi, certify that: I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Gofba, Inc.; Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ William DeLisi By: William DeLisi Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gofba_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gofba_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer I, Anna Chin, certify that: I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Gofba, Inc.; Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Anna Chin By: Anna Chin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gofba_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gofba_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Gofba, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, William DeLisi, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ William DeLisi By: William DeLisi Its: Chief Executive Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Gofba, Inc. and will be retained by Gofba, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gofba_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gofba_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Gofba, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anna Chin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Anna Chin By: Anna Chin Its: Chief Financial Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Gofba, Inc. and will be retained by Gofba, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gofba-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gofba-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gofba-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gofba-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

