<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1854583_0001213900-23-024799.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4836893</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>277707</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>947314</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1020000</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1293047</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1174012</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024799.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330182435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024799
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Abri SPAC I, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854583
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40723
		FILM NUMBER:		23782166

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9663 SANTA MONICA BLVD NO 1091
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3108013881

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9663 SANTA MONICA BLVD NO 1091
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024799.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_abrispac1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

., , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Redeemable Warrant ASPAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share ASPAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to
its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

At
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant
was based on the closing sale price of the Registrant s shares of Common Stock of 9.94 per
share. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s shares of common stock as of March 30, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 19 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 20 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 20 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 20 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 20 

PART II 
 
 21 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 21 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 23 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 26 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 26 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 27 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 27 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 27 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 27 

PART III 
 
 28 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 28 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 35 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 35 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 37 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 40 

PART IV 
 
 41 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 
 43 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical
are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of other prospective target businesses if the Merger with DLQ,
 Inc. DLQ is not approved by the stockholders of Abri SPAC I, Inc. Abri and DLQ and the
 satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when
management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

As used in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms Abri , Company , we , 
 us , and our refer to Abri SPAC I, Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed
in United States Dollars. 

ii 

part
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Abri is a Delaware company
incorporated on March 18, 2021 as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, with one or more target businesses. 

On August 12, 2021, the Company
consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of
one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and one redeemable warrant to purchase
one share of Common Stock for 11.50 Warrant ). On August 23, 2021, the Company consummated the partial exercise of the
underwriter s over-allotment option for an additional 733,920 Units (the Additional Units ). The Units were sold at
a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 57,333,920, including the over-allotment. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 276,250 units (the Private Units to Abri Ventures I, LLC, the Company s
sponsor (the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 2,762,500.
The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO. On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units,
the Company consummated the sale of an additional 18,348 Private Units at 10.00 per additional Private Unit (the Additional Private
Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of 183,480. 

A total of 57,339,200 of the
net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO and the private placement on August 23, 2021 were placed in a trust account in the United
States established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as trustee (the Trust Account ). The funds held in the Trust Account were invested only in U.S. government securities with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, the Trust Account is intended as a holding
place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of the business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares
properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering with
the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate an business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity; or (iii) absent an business combination within 12 months from the
closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering with the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate
a business combination), the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the public stockholders as part of redemption of the public
shares. 

Prior Merger Discussions with Apifiny Inc. 

On September 21, 2021,
Abri entered into an agreement with Chardan to act as Abri s non-exclusive financial advisor for the purpose of assisting Abri in
evaluating several potential acquisition targets, including Apifiny Inc., a crypto currency and mining company. On October 4, 2021,
Chardan contacted Abri to gauge Abri s interest in evaluating a potential business combination with Apifiny Inc. Negotiations continued
through January 2022. On January 27, 2022, Abri, Abri Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Abri Merger Sub ), Apifiny Inc., and the Sponsor (collectively, the Apifiny Merger Parties ), signed a merger
agreement, where Merger Sub would merge with Apifiny Inc., and Apifiny Inc. would be the surviving corporation in a reverse triangular
merger transaction (the Apifiny Merger Agreement ). 

On July 22, 2022, the
Apifiny Merger Parties entered into a termination of merger letter agreement (the Merger Termination Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Merger Termination Agreement, the Apifiny Merger Parties agreed to mutually terminate the Apifiny Merger Agreement, subject to
the representations, warranties, conditions and covenants set forth in the Merger Termination Agreement. All Additional Agreements (as
defined in the Apifiny Merger Agreement) (including the Parent and Company Stockholder Support Agreements) have also been terminated in
accordance with their respective terms as of July 22, 2022, the Apifiny Merger Agreement Termination Date. The determination to terminate
the Apifiny Merger Agreement was made by mutual agreement among the Apifiny Merger Parties without cause. 

1 

Merger Agreement with Logiq, Inc. 

On September 9, 2022,
Abri, entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among Abri Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri Merger Sub ), Logiq, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation DLQ Parent whose common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Market under the ticker symbol, LGIQ ,
and DLQ, a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of DLQ Parent. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, a business combination between Abri and DLQ will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into DLQ, with DLQ surviving
the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri (the Merger ). The board of directors of Abri has (i) approved and declared
advisable the Merger Agreement, the Additional Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and the transactions contemplated thereby
and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Merger Agreement and related transactions by the stockholders of Abri. 

The Merger is expected to
be consummated after obtaining the required approval by the stockholders of Abri and DLQ and the satisfaction of certain other customary
closing conditions. 

Merger Consideration 

Initial Consideration 

The total consideration to
be paid at Closing (the Initial Consideration by Abri to DLQ security holders will be an amount equal to 114,000,000. The Initial Consideration will be payable in shares of 11,400,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Abri Abri
Common Stock ). 

Treatment of DLQ Securities 

Each share of DLQ Common Stock
(defined below), if any, that is owned by Abri, Merger Sub, DLQ, or any other affiliate of Abri (as treasury stock or otherwise) immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), will automatically be cancelled and retired without any
conversion or consideration. 

DLQ Common Stock. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of DLQ s common
 stock, par value 0.0001 per share DLQ Common Stock (other than any such shares of DLQ common stock cancelled as
 described above) will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Abri Common Stock equal to the Conversion
 Ratio. 

Conversion Ratio means the quotient obtained
by dividing (a) the Per Share Merger Consideration by (b) 10.00. 

Per Share Merger Consideration means an amount
equal to 114,000,000, divided by the number of Fully Diluted Company Shares. 

Fully Diluted Company Shares means the sum,
without duplication, of (a) all shares of DLQ Common Stock that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
plus (b) all shares of DLQ Common Stock issuable upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any other in-the-money securities of the
DLQ convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of DLQ Common Stock; 

Merger Consideration Shares means an aggregate
number of shares of Abri Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Ratio, multiplied by (ii) Fully-Diluted Company
Shares. 

Dividend Shares means the number of Merger
Consideration Shares that DLQ Parent will issue as a dividend to the DLQ Parent Stockholders concurrent with Closing (the Distribution ),
on a pro rata basis in an amount equal to approximately twenty five percent (25 of the aggregate Merger Consideration Shares (the Dividend
Shares ). The remaining Merger Consideration Shares held by DLQ Parent will be subject to a lock-up in accordance with the terms
and conditions more fully set forth in the Lock-Up Agreement, as described herein. 

Merger Sub Securities 

Each share of common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into and become
one newly issued share of common stock of the surviving corporation of the Merger. 

Representations and Warranties 

The Merger Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things: (a) corporate existence and
power; (b) authorization to enter into the Merger Agreement and related transactions; (c) governmental authorization; (d) non-contravention;
(e) capitalization; (f) corporate records; (g) subsidiaries; (h) consents; (i) financial statements; (j) books
and records; (k) internal accounting controls; (l) absence of certain changes; (m) properties; title to assets; (n) litigation;
(o) contracts; (p) licenses and permits; (q) compliance with laws; (r) intellectual property; (s) accounts payable;
affiliate loans; (t) employee matters and benefits; (u) real property; (v) tax matters; (w) environmental laws; (x) finders 
fees; (y) powers of attorney, suretyships and bank accounts; (z) directors and officers; (aa) anti-money laundering laws; (ab)
insurance; (ac) related party transactions; and (ad) certain representations related to securities law and activity. Abri has additional
representations and warranties, including (a) issuance of shares; (b) trust fund; (c) listing; (d) board approval;
(e) SEC documents and financial statements; (f) certain business practices; and (g) expenses, indebtedness and other liabilities. 

2 

Covenants 

The Merger Agreement includes
customary covenants of the parties with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation of the Merger and efforts
to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants of the parties, including,
among others, conduct of business, access to information, notice of certain events, cooperation in the preparation of the Form S-4
and Joint proxy statement (as each such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) required to be filed in connection with the Merger and
to obtain all requisite approvals of each party s respective stockholders. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants
pertaining to DLQ and DLQ Parent including reporting; compliance with laws; no insider trading, commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
consents, DLQ Stockholder and DLQ Parent Stockholder approval, provide additional financial information, execute Lock-Up Agreements, amend
parent charter, issue dividend shares to DLQ Parent Stockholders, transfer certain assets as described in the Merger Agreement, not issue
any dividends or extraordinary bonuses until 11 months after closing, execute certain employment agreements and take reasonable efforts
to enter into a financing source agreement of up to 25 million after the Business Combination. Abri has also agreed to include in
the Joint proxy statement the recommendation of its board that its stockholders approve all of the proposals to be presented at the special
meeting. 

Non-Solicitation Restrictions 

DLQ Parent and DLQ have each
agreed that from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Closing Date or, if earlier, the valid termination of the Merger Agreement
in accordance with its terms, it will not initiate, encourage or engage in any negotiations with any party relating to an Alternative
Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement), take any action intended to facilitate an Alternative Transaction or approve, recommend
or enter into any agreement relating to an Alternative Transaction. 

Conditions to Closing 

The consummation of the Merger
is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the absence of any applicable (A) law or order, or (B) Action (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) commenced or asserted in writing by any Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement), prohibiting or, in the
case of clause (B) , materially restrict the consummation of the Merger and related transactions; (ii) receipt of any
consent, approval or authorization required by any Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (iii) Abri having at least 5,000,001
of net tangible assets either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the Merger; (iv) approval by DLQ Parent s and DLQ s
stockholders of the Merger and related transactions; (v) approval by Abri s stockholders of the Merger and related transactions;
(vi) DLQ Parent shall have transferred all of the Intellectual Property assets of Rebel AI, Inc. and all of the Intellectual Property
assets of Fixel AI, Inc. to the Company (each a Sister Company (vii) the Distribution of the Dividend Shares (as
such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) shall be, in all respects, ready to be consummated contemporaneously with the Merger; (viii) the
conditional approval for listing by the Nasdaq Stock Market of the shares of Abri Common Stock to be issued in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the Additional Agreements and satisfaction of initial and continued listing requirements; and
(ix) the Form S-4 becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities
Act ). 

Solely with respect to Abri
and Merger Sub, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things: (i) DLQ having duly performed or complied
with all of its obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects; (ii) the representations and warranties of DLQ,
being true and correct in all material respects; (iii) no event having occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on
DLQ or any of its subsidiaries; (iv) providing a certificate from the chief executive officer as to the accuracy of these conditions;
(v) shall have obtained certain Company Group Consents (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement); (vi) DLQ shall have
filed all income Tax Returns for the 2019, 2020 and 2021 tax years and paid all taxes with respect to such tax years (including
penalties and interest, if any); (vii) DLQ Parent and Sister Companies shall have entered into one or more Intellectual Property
assignment agreements; (viii) all the Related Company Outbound IP Agreements and all Related Company Customer Agreements (as such
terms are defined in the Merger Agreement) have been cancelled or terminated by DLQ Parent or the applicable Sister Company or have expired
on their own terms; and (ix) DLQ Parent shall have changed its name to a new name that neither includes nor is confusingly similar
to Logiq, DataLogiq, or any of the Trademarks owned by the Company. 

Solely with respect to DLQ,
the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things: (i) Abri and Merger Sub having duly performed or complied
with all of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects; (ii) the representations and warranties
of Abri as set forth in the Merger Agreement that are qualified as to materiality being true in all respects and the representations and
warranties as set forth in the Merger Agreement that are not so qualified, being true and correct in all material respects; (iii); no
event having occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on Abri or Merger Sub; (iv) Abri, Abri Ventures I, LLC
(the Sponsor ), and any other security holder of Abri, shall have executed and delivered to DLQ each Additional Agreement
to which they each are a party; (v) Abri and Merger Sub having each delivered certain certificates to DLQ; (vi) Abri having
filed its Amended Parent Charter (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and such Amended Parent Charter being declared effective by, the
Delaware Secretary of State; (vii) Abri having delivered executed resignation of the Abri directors and officers as set forth in
the Merger Agreement; (viii) after the redemption by all stockholders of Abri who have elected to redeem their shares of Abri, Abri
shall have made all necessary and appropriate arrangements with the Trustee to have all of the remaining funds contained in the Trust
Account, and all such funds released from the Trust Account shall be available to Abri. 

3 

Termination 

The Merger Agreement may be
terminated as follows: 

(i) by either Abri or DLQ, without liability to the other party, if (A) the Merger and related
 transactions are not consummated on or before April 12, 2023 (the Outside Closing Date ), and (B) the material
 breach or violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under the Merger Agreement by the party seeking to
 terminate the Merger Agreement was not the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before the Outside
 Closing Date. Such right may be exercised by Abri or DLQ, as the case may be, giving written notice to the other at any time after
 the Outside Closing Date; 

(ii) by either Abri or DLQ if any Authority (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) has issued any final decree, order, judgment, award, injunction, rule or consent or enacted any law, having the effect
of permanently enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; 

(iii) by Abri in the event that DLQ does not deliver to Abri the
Company Group Financial Statements on or prior to October 15, 2022, as defined in the Merger Agreement; 

(iv) by mutual written consent of Abri and DLQ duly authorized
by each of their respective boards of directors; 

(v) by Abri in the event that the Board of Directors of Abri,
in exercising its fiduciary duties, determines that the Business Combination is no longer in the best interests of the stockholders of
Abri; 

(vi) by Abri or DLQ if, at the Abri Stockholder Meeting (including
any postponements or adjournments thereof), the Required Parent Proposals (as described in the Merger Agreement) shall fail to be approved
by the affirmative vote of Abri stockholders required under Abri s organizational documents and applicable Law or if, at the DLQ
Parent Stockholder Meeting (including any postponements or adjournments thereof), the DLQ Parent Stockholder Approval shall fail to be
approved by the affirmative vote of DLQ Parent stockholders required under DLQ Parent s organizational documents and applicable
Law; 

(vii) by either Abri or DLQ, if the other party has breached any
of its covenants or representations and warranties such that it would be impossible or would reasonably be expected to be impossible
to satisfy any of its closing conditions and such breach is incapable of being cured or is not cured by the earlier of (A) the Outside
Closing Date and (B) 30 days following receipt by the breaching party of a written notice of the breach or suffered a Material
Adverse Effect which is incurable and continuing; provided that the terminating party is not then in breach of the Merger Agreement so
as to prevent the satisfaction of its closing conditions. 

Effect of Termination 

If the Merger Agreement is
terminated in accordance with its terms, the Merger Agreement will become void and of no further force and effect without liability of
any party, except for liability arising out of any party s willful breach of the Merger Agreement or intentional fraud. 

Certain Related Agreements 

Parent Stockholder Support
Agreement 

In connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Abri, and a certain stockholder of Abri entered into that certain Parent Stockholder Support Agreement dated
September 9, 2022 (the Parent Stockholder Support Agreement pursuant to which that certain Abri stockholder
agreed to vote all shares of Abri Common Stock beneficially owned by them, including any additional shares of Abri they may acquire, to
vote in favor of the Parent Proposals (as defined in the Merger Agreement), including the Merger and related transactions and against
any action reasonably expected to impede, delay or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions. 

The foregoing description
of the Parent Stockholder Support Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Parent Stockholder Support
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 12, 2022. 

4 

Agreements to be Executed at Closing 

DLQ Management Earnout
Agreement 

In connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Abri and the Sponsor will enter into a management earnout agreement (the Management Earnout Agreement ),
pursuant to which certain members of the management team of DLQ specified on schedule A to the Management Earnout Agreement (the Management will have the contingent right to earn the Management Earnout Shares (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement). The Management
Earnout Shares consist of 2,000,000 shares of Abri Common Stock (the Management Earnout Shares ). The release of the Management
Earnout Shares shall occur as follows: 

500,000 Management Earnout Shares will be earned and released
upon satisfaction of the First Milestone Event (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement); 

650,000 Management Earnout Shares will be earned and released
upon satisfaction of the Second Milestone Event (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement); and 

850,000 Management Earnout Shares will be earned and released
upon satisfaction of the Third Milestone Event (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement). 

The foregoing description
of the Management Earnout Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Management Earnout Agreement,
a copy of which is included as Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September
12, 2022. 

Sponsor Earnout Agreement 

In connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Abri and the Sponsor will enter into a sponsor earnout agreement (the Sponsor Earnout Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Sponsor will have the contingent right to earn the Sponsor Earnout Shares (as defined in the Sponsor Earnout Agreement).
The Sponsor Earnout Shares consist of 1,000,000 shares of Abri Common Stock (the Sponsor Earnout Shares ). The release of
the Sponsor Earnout Shares shall occur as follows: 

250,000 Sponsor Earnout Shares will be earned and released
upon satisfaction of the First Milestone Event (as defined in the Sponsor Earnout Agreement); 

350,000 Sponsor Earnout Shares will be earned and released
upon satisfaction of the Second Milestone Event (as defined in the Sponsor Earnout Agreement); and 

400,000 Sponsor Earnout Shares will be earned and released
upon satisfaction of the Third Milestone Event (as defined in the Sponsor Earnout Agreement). 

The foregoing description
of the Sponsor Earnout Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Sponsor Earnout Agreement,
a copy of which is included as Exhibit C to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September
12, 2022. 

Lock-Up Agreement 

In connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Abri, and DLQ Parent will enter into a lock-up agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant
to which each DLQ Parent will agree, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to
sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, seventy five percent (75 of the shares of Abri Common Stock held by them
as part of the Merger Consideration, which shares do not include the Dividend Shares, (such shares, together with any securities convertible
into or exchangeable for or representing the rights to receive shares of Common Stock if any, acquired during the Lock-Up Period (as defined
below), the Lock-Up Shares ), (ii) enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, (iii) enter
into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of the Lock-Up Shares or otherwise, or engage in any short sales or other arrangement with respect to the Lock-Up Shares or (iv) publicly
announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii) until the date that is 11 months after
the Closing Date (the period from the date of the Lock-Up Agreement until such date, the Lock-Up Period ). DLQ will
also cause certain members of its management to enter into a Lock-up Agreement concerning shares of Abri Common Stock they will own. 

The foregoing description
of the Lock-Up Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Lock-Up Agreement, a copy of which
is included as Exhibit E to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 12, 2022. 

5 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

At Closing, Abri, the Sponsor,
and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC as underwriter (the Underwriter will enter into an amended and restated registration
rights agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor, the Underwriter
and holders of the Lock-Up Shares and recipients of the Management Earnout Shares and Sponsor Earnout Shares, if any, will be provided
certain rights relating to the registration of certain Abri securities. 

The foregoing description
of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit F to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to
the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 12, 2022. 

Voting Agreement 

In connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Abri, the Sponsor and certain holders of Abri Common Stock (as identified in the Voting Agreement) will enter
into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement ), pursuant to which such holders of Abri Common Stock agree to vote
in favor of certain matters relating to the nomination and election of the Post-Closing Board of Directors (as described in the Voting
Agreement). 

The foregoing description
of the Voting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Voting Agreement, a copy of which is
included as Exhibit I to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 12, 2022. 

Warrant Revenue Sharing Side Letter 

In connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Abri, DLQ and the Sponsor will enter into a letter agreement (the Warrant Revenue Sharing Side Letter ),
pursuant to which Abri and DLQ will divide the proceeds from the Warrant Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrant Revenue Sharing Side
Letter), arising from the exercise of the warrants issued as part of the Abri Units sold in its initial public offering whereby twenty
percent (20 of the Warrant Exercise Price received in cash by Abri shall be delivered to the Sponsor in cash or immediately available
funds not later than three (3) days following Abri s receipt of the cash exercise price of any Warrant. 

The foregoing description
of the Warrant Revenue Sharing Side Letter is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Warrant Revenue Sharing
Side Letter, a copy of which is included as Exhibit D to the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed on September 12, 2022. 

Share Redemptions 

At a special meeting of Abri s
stockholders held on December 9, 2022 (the Extension Meeting ), Abri s stockholders approved (i) a proposal
to amend Abri s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (ii) a proposal to amend the Management Trust Agreement with
the Transfer Agent, to extend the date by which Abri has to consummate a business combination from February 12, 2023 until August 12,
2023, on an as needed, month-to-month basis. In connection with the Extension Meeting, a total of 4,481,548 shares were tendered for redemption
and 45,952,279 was withdrawn from Abri s trust account (the Trust Account to pay for the redemptions. 

Our Executive Officers 

Our management team is led
by Jeffrey Tirman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and will be complemented by a broader team of seasoned executives serving
as directors and advisors. 

Jeffrey Tirman is Chairman
of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tirman has over 30 years of international investment and corporate
management experience, specializing in discrete corporate transactions, senior corporate strategy development and management, turnarounds,
and restructurings (operational and financial). Since beginning his career, Mr. Tirman has executed and structured several complex
international corporate transactions both on behalf of independent stockholders and as primary shareholder. Mr. Tirman has also negotiated,
executed and participated in numerous types of transactions, including public listings, spin-offs, administration proceedings, organizing
and leading creditor committees, corporate rationalizations, acquisitions and divestitures, and balance sheet refinancing, as well as
analyzing and executing numerous debt and equity investments and capital structure arbitrage positions. Mr. Tirman founded Abri Advisors
Ltd, in Bermuda in 2016 and Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. in the United Kingdom in 2020 to invest across a variety of asset classes, and to
provide corporate advisory services focused on corporate turnarounds and restructuring. Mr. Tirman is also the managing member and
a director of Abri Ventures 2, LLC, and chief executive officer of Abri Sponsor Company Ltd, and Abri Advisors, Inc., both private equity
holding companies. Since May 12, 2022, Mr. Tirman has served as the chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Abri
SPAC 2, Inc., a special purpose acquisition company Abri 2 ). Mr. Tirman also serves as the managing member
and a director of Abri Ventures I, LLC, our Sponsor. Since January 2016, Mr. Tirman had been the Chairman and CEO, and
still serves as CEO of Elan d.o.o., based in Slovenia, and sits on the boards of several Elan subsidiaries. Since May 2019, Mr. Tirman
has been the CEO and Director of Luxembourg-based KJK Sports S.A. and sits on the boards of several holdings thereunder including Tahe
Outdoors based in France and Estonia, Baltic Vairus based in Lithuania, and Leader 96 based in Bulgaria. As of June 30, 2021, these
companies employed more than 3,000 people and generated revenues in excess of 350 million. Mr. Tirman is charged with
leading the operational and financial restructuring of these companies with the aim of increasing operational efficiency, financial performance
and transparency, along with the implementation of standardized business practices and transparent corporate governance principles. 

6 

From 2009 through 2014, Mr. Tirman
was an adjunct professor of Advanced Corporate Finance for the Master of Sciences in Finance (MScF) program at l Ecole des Hautes
Etudes Commerciales (HEC) in Lausanne, Switzerland, which is a joint effort between l Universit de Lausanne (UNIL), Ecole
Polytechnique F d rale de Lausanne (EPFL) and the Federal Swiss Banking and Finance Institute. From 2011 through 2013, Mr. Tirman
was also a guest lecturer on Credit Markets and Credit Risk for the Asset and Wealth Management Executive MBA (AWEMBA) program at the
HEC, which was a joint program between University of Lausanne and the Tepper School of Management at Carnegie Mellon University, in Pennsylvania,
USA. Mr. Tirman s lectures focused on risk assessment and analysis. Mr. Tirman holds an MBA in Corporate Tax 
Accounting from Tulane University and a BA in Economics Finance at the University of Arkansas. 

Nima Montazeri is our
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Director. Mr. Montazeri has more than 21 years of experience in corporate
finance and is experienced in matters related to financing public and private companies. Mr. Montazeri has substantial experience
in structuring complex financing instruments and private placements for small and mid-cap public companies, including working with many
companies to design and implement operational and management restructuring plans. Mr. Montazeri is also the chief operating officer
of Abri Advisors Ltd, in Bermuda, and Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. Mr. Montazeri has advised numerous small and mid-cap companies on growth
strategies with a focus on international business development and expansion. Since May 12, 2022, Mr. Montazeri has served as
the Chief Operating Officer and Director of Abri 2. Since March 2017, Mr. Montazeri has been a general partner at Brown Stone
Capital, LP., focused on investment management. Previously, from 2008 to 2017, Mr., Montazeri was a Managing Director at Floyd Associates,
Inc., leading management and financial consulting efforts and investing across multiple asset classes. Since 2012, Mr. Montazeri
has been an active money manager focused on equity, fixed income, real estate, and derivative strategies. Mr. Montazeri has assisted
several clean energy and automotive solution companies with their capital development efforts by organizing access to strategic sources
of capital, as well as advising on new and expanding markets. Furthermore, he played an instrumental role in raising international capital
for a California based concentrated solar power company. In 2003 he led an innovative technology transfer program from NASA s Jet
Propulsion Laboratory which resulted in the development of a novel biological detection instrument. Mr. Montazeri has an extensive
network of international investment and finance relationships providing access to a variety of transactions and differentiated investment
opportunities, along with a robust capital raising network. 

Furthermore, Mr. Montazeri
is the author of several research reports related to clean energy, defense, counter terrorism, and natural resources. As an economist,
he has conducted extensive research on international trade, openness, and the resulting impact on economic growth. Mr. Montazeri s
research covered the analysis of thousands of historical bilateral trade figures in an attempt to discover statistically significant correlations
between openness to trade and real economic growth. Mr. Montazeri holds a BA with honors in Economics from the University of British
Columbia and a Master s in Finance and Accounting from the London School of Economics and Political Science. 

Christopher Hardt, our
Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Company, has more than 30 years of Big 4 audit, compliance, reporting and international
corporate advisory experience. Mr. Hardt recently retired from PwC LLP where he was an audit partner since 2000. Since May 12,
2022, Mr. Hardt has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Abri 2. Mr. Hardt is also the chief financial officer
of Abri Advisors Ltd, in Bermuda, and Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. Mr. Hardt has been based previously in PwC s offices in London,
England, Lausanne, Switzerland and Tokyo, Japan in addition to several offices in the United States. During his tenure at PwC, he
was a lead partner on several large multinational audit clients in the Consumer Markets, Technology, Media, Automotive, Banking and Insurance
industries and has conducted business in over 40 countries. Mr. Hardt has also served as a leader in PwC s SEC Services group
in the firm s National Office where he was responsible for oversight of both foreign and domestic registrant client SEC filings
including both debt and equity IPOs. In his prior roles at PwC, Mr. Hardt has extensive experience with companies preparing to go
public including the financial statement and internal controls requirements of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, interacting with the SEC and the
financial reporting implications of executing growth strategies involving mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Hardt also has many years
of experience interacting with public company boards of directors and their audit/finance committees. Mr. Hardt is an investor and
adviser to Cavan Co LLC, an early-stage American made lifestyle apparel brand. Mr. Hardt holds a BA in Business Administration
from Furman University and is a CPA licensed in Ohio, Georgia and New Jersey. Mr. Hardt serves on the Board of Prime Living Partners
Inc. and recently completed successive terms on both the President s Advisory Council of Furman University and the Parents Board
at The Georgia Institute of Technology. 

Peter Bakker is our
Vice President of Business Analytics. Mr. Bakker has more than 30 years of experience in high-yield debt finance, portfolio
management, secured lending, and SME trade finance. Since May 12, 2022, Mr. Bakker has served as the Vice President of Business
Analytics of Abri 2. Mr. Bakker has been a Vice President at Abri Advisors Ltd. since June 2019, focused on corporate evaluation
and M A. From January 2015 to June 2019, Mr. Bakker was the Chief Risk Officer at Channel Capital Advisors, where
he oversaw risk management. Mr. Bakker has extensive knowledge of credit analysis and debt service capacity of corporate borrowers;
the turnaround/workout/recovery process; financial restructuring; valuation and analysis of highly levered and distressed capital structures;
and arranging financing for SME s. Mr. Bakker s extensive international experience includes bank lending to finance leveraged
buyouts, distressed investing on behalf of institutional clients, advising a leading Canadian hedge fund on its leveraged loan portfolio,
and managing risk and workouts for a European FinTech platform providing financing to SME s. He has also directly led the restructuring
of several distressed SME s, and he has raised significant leveraged acquisition financing and arranged several pre-pack bankruptcies
in order to facilitate financial restructuring. Mr. Bakker holds an MBA in Business Administration from the Tuck School of Business
at Dartmouth University and an MS in Economics from Erasmus University. 

7 

Amy Wall , our Vice President
of Operations, has more than 20 years of experience in financial controlling, international operations, and back-office administration.
Since May 12, 2022, Mrs. Wall has served as the Vice President of Operations of Abri 2. Mrs. Wall has been VP of Operations
for Abri Advisors Ltd. since its founding in 2016, where she manages all corporate organizational matters as well as financial reporting
and controlling. From 2013 to 2016, Mrs. Wall was the financial accountant and controller for FCA/SEC regulated Rhodium Capital based
in London. From 1998 to 2016, Mrs. Wall served as the financial accountant, controller and back-office operations manager for SEC
regulated Talisman Capital. Mrs. Wall and Mr. Tirman have worked together since 1998. 

Our Independent Directors 

John Wepler serves as
a director on our board. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Marsh, Berry Co., Inc. and CEO of the wholly-owned FINRA
registered broker/dealer MarshBerry Capital, Inc., Mr. Wepler s leadership and industry experience has benefited many insurance
industry professionals in an insurance career spanning nearly three decades. He has been a vital resource in mergers and acquisitions
(M A), having personally advised on more than 250 insurance-related M A transactions since joining MarshBerry in 1991. Mr. Wepler s
stewardship in the insurance industry has positioned him over the years as a sought-after adviser and chairperson for a range of
organizations. He currently serves as an adviser to the board for the Worldwide Broker Network. Previous board positions include the Chairman
of the Board of the Midwest Division of the Insurance Industry Charitable Foundation (IICF), the IICF s national Board of Governors,
Independent Insurance Agents Brokers of New York, the American Bankers Insurance Association and adviser to the Disabled
Veterans Insurance Careers (DVIC) Board. Mr. Wepler is an in-demand industry speaker because of his extensive knowledge in organic
growth management, valuation enhancement strategies, business planning, perpetuation, financial management and M A. He is often
a keynote speaker at insurance carrier elite meetings, national conferences and leadership forums, including Council of Insurance Agents 
Brokers conferences, Chubb Wharton Executive Leadership Training, Selective Executive Symposiums and S P Global Market Intelligence
investment workshops. With extensive experience in all facets of insurance business planning, from organic growth to perpetuation, Mr. Wepler s
skill set allows for designing innovative, progressive strategies that help owners as they work to realize their business goals and life s
dreams. Mr. Wepler holds an MBA from Kent State University and a Bachelor s degree in Finance from Ohio University. 

Joseph Schottland serves
as a director on our board. Mr. Schottland has more than 20 years of experience in investment management and corporate consulting.
Mr. Schottland has a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry with strong entrepreneurship and expertise
in corporate valuation, business strategy, management consulting, financial modelling and restructuring. Since February 2021, Mr. Schottland
has been the CEO of AMWCO LLC, a residential real estate FinTech platform. Since January 2016, Mr. Schottland has also been
a partner at Innovatus Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in growth, disruptive and distressed opportunities.
From 2011 until the end of 2015, Mr. Schottland was a Partner at McKinsey Co. where he focused on restructuring, strategy
and advisory work, including the American Airlines bankruptcy and its subsequent merger with US Airways. From 2004 until 2010, he was
a Senior Managing Director at Seabury Group, providing strategic and operational advisory and investment banking services to the aviation
and aerospace industries. Prior to that. Mr. Schottland was at Bain Co. Mr. Schottland holds an MBA in Corporate
Strategy and Finance from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics and American History from New York University. 

Nadine Watt serves as
a director on our board. Since May 12, 2022, Ms. Watt has served as a Director of Abri 2. Since December 2019, Ms. Watt has
served as CEO of Watt Companies. She oversees the day-to-day activities and strategic planning for all commercial investment activities
including acquisitions, development, and asset management for the Watt Companies 6 million-square-foot portfolio. Ms. Watt
has served on the Board of Directors of Fisker, Inc. since June 2020. Fisker, Inc. is an eco-friendly electric vehicles manufacturer.
Ms. Watt served as President of Watt Companies from 2011 to 2019. In 2011, she led a strategic reorganization of the company that moved
the firm beyond traditional property management and leasing to a focus on acquisitions and real estate development, as well as joint venture
opportunities. Ms. Watt played a key role in launching Watt Companies acquisition division Watt Investment Partners that
now actively invests 60 million in a variety of property types across the Western United States., Ms. Watt is a member of the
University of Southern California Board of Governors and the Sol Price School of Public Policy Board of Councilors and serves on the Executive
Committee of the Lusk Center for Real Estate as well as the USC Associates Board of Directors. She was the first woman to be named Chair
of the Los Angeles Business Council, a position she still holds. She is a Board Member of Visionary Women and the City of Hope Los Angeles
Real Estate Construction Industries Council. Ms. Watt received the Century City Citizen of the Year award in 2017 and the EY
Entrepreneur of the Year award in 2018. A graduate of Georgetown University School of Foreign Service, Ms. Watt also holds a Master of
Arts degree from the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. 

8 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe that our networks
and relationships from sourcing, evaluating, due diligence, and executing transactions and operating businesses will provide us with the
ability to completing our business combination. If the transaction with DLQ does not close, we believe that our management team is well
positioned to identify and implement attractive business combination opportunities in an efficient manner. Our competitive strengths include
the following: 

Management Operating and Investing Experience. Our
management team and directors have significant experience in the insurance, financial, distribution/logistics and manufacturing industries.
Our management team will be led by Jeffrey Tirman, our Chairman, CEO and President, by Nima Montazeri, our COO and board member, and
by Peter Bakker, our Vice President of Business Analytics. Combined, they have more than 75 years of experience in executing complex
corporate transactions across a variety of industries, coupled with extensive international senior corporate leadership roles. Mr. Tirman s
expertise lies in corporate valuations, financial and operational restructurings, corporate leadership management, and risk assessment
and mitigation. He has led more than 8 turnaround and restructuring situations (both financial and operational), and has also analyzed,
structured, negotiated and executed more than 100 corporate transactions. Mr. Montazeri, having executed investments in well over 100
mainly public companies, has extensive experience in financing and restructuring small to medium-sized public companies. We believe that
Mr. Montazeri s sector expertise in the technology industry in particular will be a significant competitive advantage for our company.
Mr. Bakker has extensive corporate valuation and credit analysis experience across a variety of industries, especially FinTech, and has
spent the last decade focused on SME financing and risk management. 

Strong Support Team. Our team is comprised of six
individuals who have worked together for decades. All team members have either advanced accounting, financial and technical analysis
or audit training, and/or extensive legal, corporate, operational and investment management experience, thereby enabling a highly focused
approach to idea generation, analysis and transaction execution. Our team members also bring strong relationships with industry operators,
consultants and investment bankers, expanding our network of valuable contacts and partners. We believe the well-roundedness of the team,
strengthened by strong ties across industry, academia, banking and insurance, along with unaffiliated investor relationships, enhances
our management team s ability to complete a business combination. In addition, we know first-hand the burden placed on the management
teams of companies while they are simultaneously trying to advance their development and implementation programs and sell their vision
to both investors and the board of directors. We are prepared to shoulder some of this burden upfront, ultimately allowing our business
combination partner to focus on creating value. 

Investment Criteria 

We focused on the following
general criteria for evaluation of potential business combination targets. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive, and we cannot
affirmatively say that DLQ, or any alternative target business meets these criteria: 

Strong Management Team. We look at businesses that
have strong and experienced management teams and complement the expertise of our management team. Where necessary, we may also look to
complement and enhance the capabilities of the target business s management team by recruiting additional talent through our network
of contacts. 

Ready to be Public. We tried to identify companies
that are public-ready with strong organizational structures, procedures, and processes in place. 

Opportunities for Bolt-on Acquisitions. We look for
businesses that can grow both organically and/or through acquisition. 

Unique Industry Positioning. We reviewed businesses
that have a leading or niche market position and that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, if any, which may help
to create barriers to entry against new competition. 

Diversified Customer and Supplier Base. We review
businesses that have a diversified customer base, which are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation,
changing business preferences and other factors that may negatively impact their customers and competitors. 

Can Benefit from Access to Public Capital Markets. 
We look for a business that can benefit from a public listing and access to new capital to support significant revenue and earnings growth
or to facilitate technology development and deployment. 

Significant Expansion and/or Underexploited Growth Opportunities.
 We review target companies that have significant and underexploited expansion and deployment opportunities. 

Unrecognized Value or Misevaluation by the Market. 
We believe that this business combination target has inherent value that we intend to leverage with our operational experience and disciplined
investment approach to identify opportunities and unlock value. 

Attractive Risk-Adjusted Returns for our Stockholders.
 We believe this business combination will allow management to evaluate financial returns based on (i) risk-adjusted peak sales potential,
(ii) the growth potential of pipeline products and the technology platform, (iii) the ability to accelerate growth via other options,
including through the opportunity for bolt-on acquisitions. 

9 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the private warrants, our shares, new
debt, or a combination of these, as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. 

As disclosed in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022, we signed a Merger Agreement with DLQ, as described more fully in this report.
Although our management will assess the risks inherent with this business combination, this assessment may not result in our identifying
all risks that this business combination may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we
can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are currently not seeking
to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities to complete the consummation of our business combination
and will effectuate our initial business combination using the amounts held in the trust account. Description and disclosure of the business
combination will be more fully described in our filing of a Form S-4 which will include proxy materials and a more detailed description
of the terms of the business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with
respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise in connection with the business combination. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

If the transaction with DLQ
does not close, our acquisition strategy will be to capitalize on the strengths of our management team to allow us to identify other businesses
that have the capacity for cash flow creation, opportunity for operational improvement, robust company fundamentals, and qualified and
driven management teams. We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources,
including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity groups, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other
members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being
solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources also may introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested
on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this annual report and know what types of businesses we are targeting.
Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, also may bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily
be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging
the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these
firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management
determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us
on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s
fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account.
Although some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the acquired business following our
initial business combination, the presence or absence of any such arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process
of an acquisition candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target
business we seek to acquire that such an initial business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point
of view. 

10 

Fair Market Value of Target Business or Businesses 

We believe that the target
business for this business combination meets the Nasdaq requirement of having a collective fair market value equal to at least 80 of
the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination. 

The fair market value of the
target business or businesses or assets has been determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash flow, book value, enterprise
value and, where appropriate, upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. Investors will be relying on the business
judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market
value of a particular target business. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after consummation of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial
business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single
product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability
to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we have met with
and evaluated the target business management, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business
cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors will remain associated
in some capacity with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team may not have significant
experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management
or advisory positions with the combined company. 

Following our initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have
the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed
business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose
at which public stockholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need
for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net
of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial stockholders have
agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured
so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so,
we have the flexibility to avoid a stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will
contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s
proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such
consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted
in favor of the business combination. 

11 

We chose our net tangible
asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business
combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount
of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may
limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or
sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result,
we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the
applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait 24 months from our IPO in order to be able to receive
a pro rata share of the trust account. 

Our initial stockholders and
our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination,
(2) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination
and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, if
we sought stockholder approval of a proposed transaction, we would need only 312,501 of our public shares (or approximately 6.25 of our
public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming that only a quorum was present
at the meeting, that the over-allotment option is not exercised and that the initial stockholders do not purchase any shares in the after-market). 

If we hold a meeting to approve
a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed
business combination, our officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or
in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial stockholders and
their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

Conversion/Tender Rights 

At any meeting called to approve
an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes
then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements
with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed
business combination and not seek conversion of his shares. 

Alternatively, if we engage
in a tender offer, each public stockholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his public shares to us in such tender offer. The
tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of
time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer or remain an
investor in our company. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly,
including any shares purchased by them in the aftermarket. 

We may also require public
stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates
(if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination.
The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from
the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise
his conversion rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder
meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result,
if we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares of common stock into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the
funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice
and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced
to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to. The conversion rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder
must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. 

12 

There is a nominal cost associated
with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will
typically charge the tendering broker 45, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder.
However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to
deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However,
in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed
business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

If a public stockholder fails
to vote in favor of or against a proposed business combination, whether that stockholder abstains from the vote or simply does not vote,
that stockholder would not be able to have his shares of common stock so redeemed to cash in connection with such business combination. 

Any request to convert or
tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or expiration of the tender
offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion or tender
and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise
such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion or tender rights would
not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return
any shares delivered by public holders. 

Extension of Time to Complete a Business Combination 

The Company initially had
12 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a business combination (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering with the
mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate a business combination). 

On August 12, 2022, in connection
with the first mandatory extension, Abri deposited 573,392 (or 0.10 for each share of common stock issued in the IPO) into the trust
account of ABRI (the Trust Account ), which holds the net proceeds of the IPO, together with interest earned thereon,
less amounts released to pay tax obligations, to extend the time to complete a business combination to November 12, 2022. 

On November 1, 2022, in connection
with the second mandatory extension, Abri deposited 573,392 (or 0.10 for each share of common stock issued in the IPO) into the Trust
Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to February 12, 2023. 

At a special meeting of Abri s stockholders held on December
9, 2022 (the Extension Meeting ), Abri s stockholders approved (i) a proposal to amend Abri s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, and (ii) a proposal to amend the Management Trust Agreement with the Transfer Agent, to extend
the date by which Abri has to consummate a business combination from February 12, 2023 until August 12, 2023, on an as needed, month-to-month
basis. In connection with the Extension Meeting, a total of 4,481,548 shares were tendered for redemption and 45,952,279 was withdrawn
from Abri s trust account (the Trust Account to pay for the redemptions. 

On
February 6, 2023, Abri deposited 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to March
12, 2023. On March 10, 2023, Abri deposited
an additional 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to April 12, 2023. 

13 

Liquidation of Trust Account if No Business
Combination 

If we do not complete the business combination by April 12, 2023, or
up to August 12, 2023 with one-month extensions, as needed, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 
of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may
be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section
280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including
a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any redemptions are made to stockholders, any liability
of stockholders with respect to a redemption is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do
not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware
law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the
statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years,
as in the case of a liquidation distribution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following
the 15th month from the closing of the IPO, but not more than five business days thereafter, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with the above procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received
by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt
a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may
be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating
company, and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only likely claims to arise would
be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We will seek to have all third parties (including
any vendors or other entities we engage) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. 

As a result, the claims that
could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the
trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our
ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that vendors, service
providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential contracted party was to refuse
to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines that we would be unable
to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing to execute such a waiver.
Examples of instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement of a third party consultant
who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign due to independence requirements,
or whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider of required services willing to provide
the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust
account. Our insiders have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for
services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below 10.00 per public share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed
a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held
in the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Our board of directors has evaluated our insiders financial net worth and believes they will
be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that may arise. However, our insiders may not be able to satisfy their indemnification
obligations, as we have not required our insiders to retain any assets to provide for their indemnification obligations, nor have we taken
any further steps to ensure that they will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that arise. Moreover, our insiders will
not be liable to our public stockholders and instead will only have liability to us. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution
from the trust account could be less than approximately 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all
of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests, an aggregate sum equal to the amount then held in the
trust account, inclusive of any interest not previously released to us (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors as described below). 

14 

If we are unable to consummate
an initial business combination and are forced to redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the
trust account, we anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and
anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders have waived their
rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their insider shares. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from
our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our insiders have agreed to pay the funds necessary
to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 50,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment of
such expenses. Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro
rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public
stockholders. 

Our public stockholders shall
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial business combination in the
required time period or if the stockholders seek to have us convert their respective shares of common stock upon a business combination
which is actually completed by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. 

If we are forced to file a
bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share redemption or conversion
amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary
duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public
stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, amended on December 9, 2022 (to extend the time to complete a business combination to August 12, 2023), contains certain
requirements and restrictions relating to our IPO will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. In connection
with the special meeting held on December 9, 2022, a total of 4,481,548 shares of common stock were tendered for redemption. If we hold
another stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s
rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination),
we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect
to any insider shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public
stockholders may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to
sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro
rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

15 

we will consummate our initial business combination only
if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within 12 months of the closing of the IPO,
 (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering with the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate a business
 combination), then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account to all of our public
 holders of shares of common stock. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust
 agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on the date of this prospectus, in order
 to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, must
 deposit into the trust account 500,000, or up to 575,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full
 0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (up to an
 aggregate of 1,000,000 (or up to 1,150,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or 0.20 per
 share, if we extend for the full six months). We will issue a press release announcing the extension at least three days prior to
 the applicable deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not
 the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are obligated to fund the trust account to extend
 the time for us to complete our initial business combination; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination;
and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on
any initial business combination. 

Potential Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each of our insiders has entered
into letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to us and our activities prior
to a business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders, although we have no intention
to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed
to consummate a business combination in the timeframes specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders to redeem
their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions relating to our insiders being required to vote
in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our insiders to
vote on a transaction as they wished; 

16 

The requirement of members of the management team to remain
our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions
with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating a target business and another management team had
a potential target business; 

The restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended
to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team; 

The obligation of our management team to not propose amendments
to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders; 

The obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation
in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; 

The requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business
affiliated with our insiders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except as specified above,
stockholders would not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes. Such changes could
result in: 

Our having an extended period of time to consummate a business
combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders would certainly redeem their shares in connection with
any such extension); 

Our insiders being able to vote against a business combination
or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our operations being controlled by a new management team
that our stockholders did not elect to invest with; 

Our insiders receiving compensation in connection with a
business combination; and 

Our insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates
without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

We will not agree to any such
changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example, if we believed such a modification
were necessary to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to us requiring that
they act in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

Management Operating and Investment Experience 

We believe that our executive
officers possess the experience, skills and contacts necessary to evaluate, and execute a business combination. See the section titled
 Management for complete information on the experience of our officers and directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our
officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs and will allocate their time to other businesses. We
presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could
range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into
serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). The past successes of our executive officers and directors do
not guarantee that we will successfully consummate an initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed in
 Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls
within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present
such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law, prior to presenting such
business combination opportunity to us. Most of our officers and directors currently have certain pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations. 

17 

Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information 

We are an emerging growth
company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised, and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. 

Competition 

Although we have signed a
Merger Agreement, we have not yet completed the process of the business combination. We cannot ensure our ability in completing a business
combination. 

There are a number of factors
that could impact our ability to complete the business combination. Our management believes, however, that if we succeed in effecting
our initial business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. Subsequent
to our initial business combination, we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We currently have three executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they
will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and
the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

18 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We may not be able to complete an initial
business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations
and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately
prohibited. 

Our sponsor, Abri Ventures I,
LLC Abri Ventures is controlled by Jeffrey Tirman, a Swiss citizen, and our chief executive officer. Mr. Tirman will
not remain with the Company after the Proposed Business Combination. We therefore do not expect the post-combination company to be considered
a foreign person under the regulations administered by CFIUS. However, if our initial business combination with a U.S. business
is subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions
of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business, this could delay us in consummating our business combination. FIRRMA, and subsequent
implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential
initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make
a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying
CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial
business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order
us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit
the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be
beneficial to us and our stockholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination
may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have
similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or
otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete our initial business
combination by April 12, 2023 (unless we extend the time to complete the Business Combination for an additional one-month period
up to six times until August 12, 2023), due to the passage of time relating to any governmental review, or because any such review process
drags on beyond such timeframe, or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government
entity, we may be required to liquidate. In such situation, ABRI would (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding
shares of common stock, at a per-share of common stock price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including any interest not previously released to ABRI (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding shares
of common stock, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as holders of shares of common stock (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law. 

We may be subject to the Excise Tax included
in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our Abri Common Stock after December 31, 2022. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on any publicly traded domestic
corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market
value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation and because our securities trade on Nasdaq,
we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act. While not free from doubt, absent any further
guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ), who has been given authority to provide regulations and
other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax, the Excise Tax may apply to any redemptions of our Common
Stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with a business combination, unless an exemption is available. Generally,
issuances of securities in connection with an initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction at the time of
an initial business combination) are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same
calendar year, but the number of securities redeemed may exceed the number of securities issued. In addition, the Excise Tax would be
payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, however the mechanics of any required payment of the Excise Tax have not been determined.
Further, based on recently issued interim guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury in Notice 2023-2, subject to certain
exceptions, the Excise Tax should not apply in the event of our liquidation. 

We have identified a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

As described elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 solely related to the classification of reinvestment of interest earned on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in
cash flows from operating activities rather than cash flows from investing activities in the statement of cash flows. As a result of this
material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022.
If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect
our business and operating results. 

19 

We are currently not in compliance with
the Nasdaq continued listing requirements. If we are unable to regain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, our securities
could be delisted, which could affect our securities market price and liquidity. 

Our Units, Common Stock and
Warrants are separately listed on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. On March 23, 2023, we received a letter (the MVLS Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us
that, for the last 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the MVLS Notice, our Minimum Value of Listed Securities MVLS was less than 35.0 million, which does not meet the requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as required by Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Staff has provided us
with 180 calendar days, or until September 19, 2023, to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. The MVLS Notice has no immediate effect
on the listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

If we regain compliance with
the MVLS Rule, the Staff will provide written confirmation to us and close the matter. To regain compliance with the MVLS Rule, our MVLS
must meet or exceed 35.0 million for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the 180-day compliance period ending on September
19, 2023. In the event we do not regain compliance with the MVLS Rule prior to the expiration of the compliance period, we will receive
written notification that our securities, including the Units, Common Stock and Warrants, are subject to delisting. At that time, we may
appeal the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel. 

We cannot provide any assurance
that we will be able to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. Our failure to meet this, or any other requirement, would result in our
securities being delisted from Nasdaq. We and holders of our securities could be materially adversely impacted if its securities are delisted
from Nasdaq. In particular: 

The
 price of our securities will likely decrease as a result of the loss of market efficiencies
 associated with Nasdaq; 

Holders
 may be unable to sell or purchase our securities when they wish to do so; 

We
 may become subject to stockholder litigation; 

We
 may lose the interest of institutional investors in its securities; 

We
 may lose media and analyst coverage; and 

We
 would likely lose any active trading market for our securities, as we may only be traded
 on one of the over-the-counter markets, if at all. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our executive offices 9663 Santa Monica Blvd.,
No. 1091, Beverly Hills, CA 90210. Our executive offices are provided to us by our Sponsor. On August 9, 2021, we agreed to pay our sponsor
a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any
material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim,
or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

20 

part
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, under
the symbol ASPAU on August 10, 2021. The shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading
on Nasdaq on September 3, 2021, under the symbols ASPA and ASPAW , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 30, 2023, there
were 1,433,480 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by one stockholder of record. The number of record holders was
determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held
in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain
all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share
dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

21 

Use of Proceeds 

On August 12, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering (the IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one share of
common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and one redeemable warrant to purchase one share
of Common Stock for 11.50 Warrant ). On August 23, 2021 the Company consummated the partial exercise of the underwriter s
over-allotment option for an additional 733,920 Units (the Additional Units ). The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per
Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 57,333,920, including the over-allotment. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company completed the private sale of 276,250 units (the Private Units to Abri Ventures, the Company s sponsor
(the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 2,762,500. The
Private Units are identical the Units sold in the IPO. On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company
consummated the sale of an additional 18,348 Private Units at 10.00 per additional Private Unit (the Additional Private Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of 183,480. 

A total of 57,339,200 of the
net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO and the private placement on August 23, 2021 were placed in a trust account in the United
States established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as trustee (the Trust Account ). The funds held in the Trust Account were invested only in U.S. government securities with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, the Trust Account is intended as a holding
place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of the business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares
properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering with
the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity; or (iii) absent a business combination within 12 months from the closing
of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering with the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate a business
combination), the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the public stockholders as part of redemption of the public shares. 

In connection with the special
stockholder meeting held on December 9, 2022, where the stockholders approved certain proposals giving Abri the right to extend the date
by which it has to complete a business combination six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time, from February 12, 2023 to
August 12, 2023, a total of 4,481,548 shares were tendered for redemption. 45,952,279 was withdrawn from Abri s trust account
(the Trust Account to pay for the redemption, leaving 12,841,399 in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022.
 On February 6, 2023, Abri deposited an additional 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend
the time to complete a business combination to March 12, 2023. On March 10, 2023, Abri deposited an additional 87,500 into the
Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to April 12, 2023. 

For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in our IPO, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors, 
and elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on March 18, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or IPO and the sale of the
Private Placement Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

As of December 31, 2022, and
the date of this filing, the Company had not commenced operations. All activity for the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 related to organizational activities, activities necessary to consummate the initial public offering IPO ),
and to identify a target company for a business combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of the Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from
the proceeds derived from the IPO. 

The outbreak of the COVID-19
coronavirus has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and
potential target companies may defer or end discussions for a potential business combination with us whether or not COVID-19 affects their
business operations. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. We may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating
to COVID-19 restrict travel, limiting our ability to conduct meetings to negotiate and consummate transactions in a timely manner with
potential investors, target company s personnel, or vendors and services providers. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia-Ukraine war on the industry and has concluded that, while it is reasonably
possible that such could have negative effects on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for
a target company, the specific impacts are not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

On August 12, 2021, simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO, we sold to our Sponsor in a Private Placement 276,250 Private Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per
Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 2,762,500. The Private Units are identical to the Public Units. 

On
August 19, 2021, the underwriters notified the Company of their intent to exercise of the over-allotment option in part and, on August
23, 2021, the underwriters purchased 733,920 additional Units (the Additional Units at 10.00 per Additional Unit upon
the closing of the over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of 7,339,200. On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with
the sale of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 18,348 Private Units at 10.00 per additional Private
Unit (the Additional Private Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of 183,480. A total of 7,339,200 of the net
proceeds from the sale of the Additional Units and the Additional Private Units was deposited in the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate
proceeds held in the Trust Account on that date to 57,339,200. 

23 

Recent Developments 

Merger Agreement and Termination with Apifiny 

On January 27, 2022, the Company
entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among Apifiny Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Apifiny ),
the Company, Abri Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Erez
Simha, solely in his capacity as representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the Apifiny security holders, and the Sponsor, solely in
its capacity as representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the Indemnified Party (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (collectively,
the Parties ). 

On July 22, 2022, the Parties
entered into a termination of merger letter agreement (the Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the Termination Agreement,
the Parties agreed to mutually terminate the Merger Agreement, subject to the representations, warranties, conditions and covenants set
forth in the Termination Agreement. In conjunction with the termination of the Merger Agreement, the Additional Agreements (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) (including the Parent and Company Stockholder Support Agreements) have also been terminated in accordance with
their respective terms as of July 22, 2022, the Termination Date. 

The Termination Agreement
contains mutual releases by all parties thereto, for all claims known and unknown, relating and arising out of, or relating to, among
other things, the Merger Agreement, or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions with respect
to claims for indemnity or contribution. 

Merger Agreement with DLQ 

On September 9, 2022, the
Company, entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among Abri Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri Merger Sub ), Logiq, Inc., a Delaware corporation DLQ Parent whose
common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Market under the ticker symbol, LGIQ , and DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation DLQ and wholly owned subsidiary of DLQ Parent. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and
DLQ will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into DLQ, with DLQ surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company (the Merger ). The board of directors of the Company has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement,
the Additional Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend
approval of the Merger Agreement and related transactions by the stockholders of the Company. 

The total consideration to be paid at Closing (the Merger Consideration by the Company to DLQ security holders will be an amount equal to 114,000,000. The Merger Consideration
will be payable in 11,400,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share , of Abri Abri Common Stock ). 

Trust Account Redemptions 

On December 9, 2022, the
Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which such stockholders voted to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and its investment trust agreement, giving the Company the right to extend the date by which the Company must complete
its Initial Business Combination up to six times for an additional one month each time, from February 12, 2023 to August 12, 2023, by
depositing 87,500 into the Trust Account for each one-month extension. In connection with the special meeting, 4,481,548 shares of common
stock were tendered for redemption, resulting in redemption payments of 45,952,279 out of the Trust Account. On
February 6, 2023, Abri deposited an additional 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination
to March 12, 2023. On March 10, 2023, Abri deposited an additional 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business
combination to April 12, 2023. 

If
the Company has not consummated an initial business combination by April 12, 2023, or
up to August 12, 2023, and has not amended its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and its investment
trust agreement, the Company will be required to dissolve and liquidate. If the Company
anticipates that it may not be able to consummate its initial business combination on or before April
12, 2023, the Company may, but is not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate an Initial Business Combination, for
another five times by an additional one month each time through August 12, 2023. 

24 

R esults of Operations 

Our only activities from March
18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to consummate the IPO and identify a target
company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial Business
Combination. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income and gains from the marketable securities held in
the Trust Account, and gains or losses from the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities. We are incurring expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net loss of 2,500,184, which consisted of operating costs of 3,368,778 mostly from
searching a target company for a business combination and income tax expense of 119,000, offset by interest income on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 834,403 and a change in fair value of the warrant liabilities of 153,191. 

For
the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,127,612 which consisted of operating costs
of 1,134,803, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,299 and a change in fair value of the
warrant liabilities of 5,892. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had cash of 381,293 and a working capital deficiency of 1,921,061. As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the
Trust Account of 12,841,399 consisting of securities held in a money market fund that invests in U.S. governmental securities with a
maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31,
2022, we have withdrawn 400,000 of interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock
is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a Business Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including
continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development
of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred
prior to the completion of our Business Combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover
such expenses. 

Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 716,962. Our operational liquidity needs were primarily
satisfied through 1,250,000 of proceeds from convertible promissory notes from a related party. The Company satisfied liquidity
needs arising from redemptions through a 45,952,279 withdrawal from the trust account. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
proceeds of 1,146,784 from non-convertible promissory notes were deposited into the Trust Account, in addition to 706,687 of
interest income. We expect that we will need additional capital to satisfy our liquidity needs if we do not consummate our Initial
Business Combination prior to April 12, 2023. Although certain of our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their
affiliates have committed to loan us funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole
discretion, there is no guarantee that we will receive such funds. 

Accordingly,
the accompanying audited financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of
our financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty during period leading up to the Initial Business Combination.
The Company cannot provide any assurance that its plans to raise capital or to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be successful.
Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its
needs through the earlier of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or one year from this filing. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

25 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on August 9, 2021
and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

In connection with our initial business combination, we are obligated
to pay our expenses relating thereto, including the deferred underwriting commissions payable to our underwriter in an amount equal to
3.0 of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering, or 1,500,000, upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

Upon consummation of our IPO, we sold to our underwriters, for 100,
an option to purchase up to a total of 300,000 units (or up to 345,000 if the over-allotment is exercised in full) exercisable, in whole
or in part, at 11.50 per unit, commencing on the consummation of our initial business combination. The purchase option may be exercised
for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires five years from the commencement of sales in our IPO. The option
and the 300,000 units, as well as the 300,000 shares of common stock, and the warrants to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock that
may be issued upon exercise of the option have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of
180 days immediately following the effective date of our registration statement, or August 9, 2021. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our financial statements and
the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

26 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief
financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to
the material weakness described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in our financial close process, specifically
the classification of reinvestment of interest earned on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in the statement of cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting due to an exemption established by the rules of the SEC for emerging growth companies. 

Remediation Plan 

To address these this material weakness, management plans to provide
processes and controls over the internal communications within the Company and its financial advisors. We plan to include providing enhanced
access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals
with whom we consult regarding accounting. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no
assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other
than the material weakness discussed above, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable 

27 

part
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth
information about our directors and executive officers as of February 1, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Jeffrey Tirman 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Nima Montazeri 
 
 45 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Christopher Hardt 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Peter Bakker 
 
 68 
 
 Vice President of Business Analytics 
 
 Amy Wall 
 
 47 
 
 Vice President 
 
 John Wepler 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Joseph Schottland 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Nadine Watt 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Below is a summary of the
business experience of each our executive officers and directors: 

Jeffrey Tirman is
Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tirman has over 30 years of international investment and
corporate management experience, specializing in discrete corporate transactions, senior corporate strategy development and management,
turnarounds, and restructurings (operational and financial). Since beginning his career, Mr. Tirman has executed and structured
several complex international corporate transactions both on behalf of independent stockholders and as primary shareholder. Mr. Tirman
has also negotiated, executed and participated in numerous types of transactions, including public listings, spin-offs, administration
proceedings, organizing and leading creditor committees, corporate rationalizations, acquisitions and divestitures, and balance sheet
refinancing, as well as analyzing and executing numerous debt and equity investments and capital structure arbitrage positions. Mr. Tirman
founded Abri Advisors Ltd, in Bermuda in 2016 and Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. in the United Kingdom in 2020 to invest across a variety of
asset classes, and to provide corporate advisory services focused on corporate turnarounds and restructuring. Mr. Tirman is also
the managing member and a director of Abri Ventures 2, LLC, and chief executive officer of Abri Sponsor Company Ltd, and Abri Advisors,
Inc., both private equity holding companies. Since May 12, 2022, Mr. Tirman has served as the chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of Abri SPAC 2, Inc., a special purpose acquisition company Abri 2 ). Mr. Tirman also serves as the managing
member and a director of Abri Ventures, our Sponsor. Since January 2016, Mr. Tirman had been the Chairman and CEO, and still
serves as CEO of Elan d.o.o., based in Slovenia, and sits on the boards of several Elan subsidiaries. Since May 2019, Mr. Tirman
has been the CEO and Director of Luxembourg-based KJK Sports S.A. and sits on the boards of several holdings thereunder including Tahe
Outdoors based in France and Estonia, Baltic Vairus based in Lithuania, and Leader 96 based in Bulgaria. As of June 30, 2021, these
companies employed more than 3,000 people and generated revenues in excess of 350 million. Mr. Tirman is charged with
leading the operational and financial restructuring of these companies with the aim of increasing operational efficiency, financial performance
and transparency, along with the implementation of standardized business practices and transparent corporate governance principles. 

From 2009 through 2014, Mr. Tirman
was an adjunct professor of Advanced Corporate Finance for the Master of Sciences in Finance (MScF) program at l Ecole des Hautes
Etudes Commerciales (HEC) in Lausanne, Switzerland, which is a joint effort between l Universit de Lausanne (UNIL), Ecole
Polytechnique F d rale de Lausanne (EPFL) and the Federal Swiss Banking and Finance Institute. From 2011 through 2013, Mr. Tirman
was also a guest lecturer on Credit Markets and Credit Risk for the Asset and Wealth Management Executive MBA (AWEMBA) program at the
HEC, which was a joint program between University of Lausanne and the Tepper School of Management at Carnegie Mellon University, in Pennsylvania,
USA. Mr. Tirman s lectures focused on risk assessment and analysis. Mr. Tirman holds an MBA in Corporate Tax 
Accounting from Tulane University and a BA in Economics Finance at the University of Arkansas. 

Nima Montazeri is our
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Director. Mr. Montazeri has more than 21 years of experience in corporate
finance and is experienced in matters related to financing public and private companies. Mr. Montazeri has substantial experience
in structuring complex financing instruments and private placements for small and mid-cap public companies, including working with many
companies to design and implement operational and management restructuring plans. Mr. Montazeri is also the chief operating officer
of Abri Advisors Ltd, in Bermuda, and Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. Mr. Montazeri has advised numerous small and mid-cap companies on growth
strategies with a focus on international business development and expansion. Since May 12, 2022, Mr. Montazeri has served as
the Chief Operating Officer and Director of Abri 2. Since March 2017, Mr. Montazeri has been a general partner at Brown Stone
Capital, LP., focused on investment management. Previously, from 2008 to 2017, Mr., Montazeri was a Managing Director at Floyd Associates,
Inc., leading management and financial consulting efforts and investing across multiple asset classes. Since 2012, Mr. Montazeri
has been an active money manager focused on equity, fixed income, real estate, and derivative strategies. Mr. Montazeri has assisted
several clean energy and automotive solution companies with their capital development efforts by organizing access to strategic sources
of capital, as well as advising on new and expanding markets. Furthermore, he played an instrumental role in raising international capital
for a California based concentrated solar power company. In 2003 he led an innovative technology transfer program from NASA s Jet
Propulsion Laboratory which resulted in the development of a novel biological detection instrument. Mr. Montazeri has an extensive
network of international investment and finance relationships providing access to a variety of transactions and differentiated investment
opportunities, along with a robust capital raising network. 

28 

Furthermore, Mr. Montazeri
is the author of several research reports related to clean energy, defense, counter terrorism, and natural resources. As an economist,
he has conducted extensive research on international trade, openness, and the resulting impact on economic growth. Mr. Montazeri s
research covered the analysis of thousands of historical bilateral trade figures in an attempt to discover statistically significant correlations
between openness to trade and real economic growth. Mr. Montazeri holds a BA with honors in Economics from the University of British
Columbia and a Master s in Finance and Accounting from the London School of Economics and Political Science. 

Christopher Hardt, our
Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Company, has more than 30 years of Big 4 audit, compliance, reporting and international
corporate advisory experience. Mr. Hardt recently retired from PwC LLP where he was an audit partner since 2000. Since May 12,
2022, Mr. Hardt has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Abri 2. Mr. Hardt is also the chief financial officer
of Abri Advisors Ltd, in Bermuda, and Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. Mr. Hardt has been based previously in PwC s offices in London,
England, Lausanne, Switzerland and Tokyo, Japan in addition to several offices in the United States. During his tenure at PwC, he
was a lead partner on several large multinational audit clients in the Consumer Markets, Technology, Media, Automotive, Banking and Insurance
industries and has conducted business in over 40 countries. Mr. Hardt has also served as a leader in PwC s SEC Services group
in the firm s National Office where he was responsible for oversight of both foreign and domestic registrant client SEC filings
including both debt and equity IPOs. In his prior roles at PwC, Mr. Hardt has extensive experience with companies preparing to go
public including the financial statement and internal controls requirements of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, interacting with the SEC and the
financial reporting implications of executing growth strategies involving mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Hardt also has many years
of experience interacting with public company boards of directors and their audit/finance committees. Mr. Hardt is an investor and
adviser to Cavan Co LLC, an early-stage American made lifestyle apparel brand. Mr. Hardt holds a BA in Business Administration
from Furman University and is a CPA licensed in Ohio, Georgia and New Jersey. Mr. Hardt serves on the Board of Prime Living Partners
Inc. and recently completed successive terms on both the President s Advisory Council of Furman University and the Parents Board
at The Georgia Institute of Technology. 

Peter Bakker is our
Vice President of Business Analytics. Mr. Bakker has more than 30 years of experience in high-yield debt finance, portfolio
management, secured lending, and SME trade finance. Since May 12, 2022, Mr. Bakker has served as the Vice President of Business
Analytics of Abri 2. Mr. Bakker has been a Vice President at Abri Advisors Ltd. since June 2019, focused on corporate evaluation
and M A. From January 2015 to June 2019, Mr. Bakker was the Chief Risk Officer at Channel Capital Advisors, where
he oversaw risk management. Mr. Bakker has extensive knowledge of credit analysis and debt service capacity of corporate borrowers;
the turnaround/workout/recovery process; financial restructuring; valuation and analysis of highly levered and distressed capital structures;
and arranging financing for SME s. Mr. Bakker s extensive international experience includes bank lending to finance leveraged
buyouts, distressed investing on behalf of institutional clients, advising a leading Canadian hedge fund on its leveraged loan portfolio,
and managing risk and workouts for a European FinTech platform providing financing to SME s. He has also directly led the restructuring
of several distressed SME s, and he has raised significant leveraged acquisition financing and arranged several pre-pack bankruptcies
in order to facilitate financial restructuring. Mr. Bakker holds an MBA in Business Administration from the Tuck School of Business
at Dartmouth University and an MS in Economics from Erasmus University. 

Amy Wall , our Vice President
of Operations, has more than 20 years of experience in financial controlling, international operations, and back-office administration.
Since May 12, 2022, Mrs. Wall has served as the Vice President of Operations of Abri 2. Mrs. Wall has been VP of Operations
for Abri Advisors Ltd. since its founding in 2016, where she manages all corporate organizational matters as well as financial reporting
and controlling. From 2013 to 2016, Mrs. Wall was the financial accountant and controller for FCA/SEC regulated Rhodium Capital based
in London. From 1998 to 2016, Mrs. Wall served as the financial accountant, controller and back-office operations manager for SEC
regulated Talisman Capital. Mrs. Wall and Mr. Tirman have worked together since 1998. 

29 

Our Independent Directors 

John Wepler serves as
a director on our board. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Marsh, Berry Co., Inc. and CEO of the wholly-owned FINRA
registered broker/dealer MarshBerry Capital, Inc., Mr. Wepler s leadership and industry experience has benefited many insurance
industry professionals in an insurance career spanning nearly three decades. He has been a vital resource in mergers and acquisitions
(M A), having personally advised on more than 250 insurance-related M A transactions since joining MarshBerry in 1991. Mr. Wepler s
stewardship in the insurance industry has positioned him over the years as a sought-after adviser and chairperson for a range of
organizations. He currently serves as an adviser to the board for the Worldwide Broker Network. Previous board positions include the Chairman
of the Board of the Midwest Division of the Insurance Industry Charitable Foundation (IICF), the IICF s national Board of Governors,
Independent Insurance Agents Brokers of New York, the American Bankers Insurance Association and adviser to the Disabled
Veterans Insurance Careers (DVIC) Board. Mr. Wepler is an in-demand industry speaker because of his extensive knowledge in organic
growth management, valuation enhancement strategies, business planning, perpetuation, financial management and M A. He is often
a keynote speaker at insurance carrier elite meetings, national conferences and leadership forums, including Council of Insurance Agents 
Brokers conferences, Chubb Wharton Executive Leadership Training, Selective Executive Symposiums and S P Global Market Intelligence
investment workshops. With extensive experience in all facets of insurance business planning, from organic growth to perpetuation, Mr. Wepler s
skill set allows for designing innovative, progressive strategies that help owners as they work to realize their business goals and life s
dreams. Mr. Wepler holds an MBA from Kent State University and a Bachelor s degree in Finance from Ohio University. 

Joseph Schottland serves
as a director on our board. Mr. Schottland has more than 20 years of experience in investment management and corporate consulting.
Mr. Schottland has a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry with strong entrepreneurship and expertise
in corporate valuation, business strategy, management consulting, financial modelling and restructuring. Since February 2021, Mr. Schottland
has been the CEO of AMWCO LLC, a residential real estate FinTech platform. Since January 2016, Mr. Schottland has also been
a partner at Innovatus Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in growth, disruptive and distressed opportunities.
From 2011 until the end of 2015, Mr. Schottland was a Partner at McKinsey Co. where he focused on restructuring, strategy
and advisory work, including the American Airlines bankruptcy and its subsequent merger with US Airways. From 2004 until 2010, he was
a Senior Managing Director at Seabury Group, providing strategic and operational advisory and investment banking services to the aviation
and aerospace industries. Prior to that. Mr. Schottland was at Bain Co. Mr. Schottland holds an MBA in Corporate
Strategy and Finance from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics and American History from New York University. 

Nadine Watt serves as
a director on our board. Since May 12, 2022, Ms. Watt has served as a Director of Abri 2. Since December 2019, Ms. Watt has
served as CEO of Watt Companies. She oversees the day-to-day activities and strategic planning for all commercial investment activities
including acquisitions, development, and asset management for the Watt Companies 6 million-square-foot portfolio. Ms. Watt
has served on the Board of Directors of Fisker, Inc. since June 2020. Fisker, Inc. is an eco-friendly electric vehicles manufacturer.
Ms. Watt served as President of Watt Companies from 2011 to 2019. In 2011, she led a strategic reorganization of the company that moved
the firm beyond traditional property management and leasing to a focus on acquisitions and real estate development, as well as joint venture
opportunities. Ms. Watt played a key role in launching Watt Companies acquisition division Watt Investment Partners that
now actively invests 60 million in a variety of property types across the Western United States., Ms. Watt is a member of the
University of Southern California Board of Governors and the Sol Price School of Public Policy Board of Councilors and serves on the Executive
Committee of the Lusk Center for Real Estate as well as the USC Associates Board of Directors. She was the first woman to be named Chair
of the Los Angeles Business Council, a position she still holds. She is a Board Member of Visionary Women and the City of Hope Los Angeles
Real Estate Construction Industries Council. Ms. Watt received the Century City Citizen of the Year award in 2017 and the EY
Entrepreneur of the Year award in 2018. A graduate of Georgetown University School of Foreign Service, Ms. Watt also holds a Master of
Arts degree from the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. 

Officer and Director Qualifications 

Our officers and board of
directors are composed of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they have gained experience
in core management skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership
development. Many of our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other companies
and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes,
challenges, and strategies. Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable, managing and investing
assets or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. 

30 

We, along with our officers
and directors, believe that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and
board members described below, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of consummating
an acquisition transaction. 

Board Committees 

Board has a standing audit,
nominating and compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit committee and compensation committee
has a charter, which was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 on July 15, 2021. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee, which
is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent accountants, reviewing
their independence and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the integrity of its
financial statements; the audits of the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence
and performance of the Company s independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and
the performance of the Company s internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee held
no formal meetings during 2021 as the Company does not have any underlying business or employees, relying on monthly reports and written
approvals as required. 

The members of the Audit Committee
are Messrs. Wepler and Schottland, and Ms. Watt, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq listing standards. Mr. Schottland
is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Schottland qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director
nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry
out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Messrs. Wepler and Schottland, and Ms. Watt will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance
with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not
have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee reviews annually the Company s corporate
goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation, evaluates the officers performance in light of such goals and
objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation level based on this evaluation; makes recommendations to the Board
regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed employee benefit plans, makes recommendations to
the Board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers the Company s incentive-compensation plans and equity-based
plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate
in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation
Committee with respect to his compensation. The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting their own salaries.
Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining or recommending
the amount or form of executive or director compensation. The Compensation Committee did not meet during 2021 or 2022. 

31 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing
stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination,
the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into
in connection with such initial business combination. 

The members of the Compensation
Committee are Mr. Wepler, and Ms. Watt, each of whom is an independent director. Ms. Watt will serve as chairperson of the compensation
committee. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Potential conflicts of interest
pertaining to our officers and directors are as follows: 

None of our officers and directors is required to commit
their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business
activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers
and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well
as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and
may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated
with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our
company. 

The insider shares beneficially owned by our officers and
directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is successfully completed. Additionally, if we are unable
to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame, our officers and directors will not be entitled to receive
any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares or private warrants. Furthermore, Abri Ventures has agreed that the private warrants will not be sold or transferred by it until after we have completed our initial business combination.
For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effect our initial business combination. 

In general, officers and directors
of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of
business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders
for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

In addition, when exercising
powers or performing duties as a director, the director is required to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director
would exercise in the same circumstances taking into account, without limitation the nature of the company, the nature of the decision
and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. A director need not exhibit in the performance
of his duties a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his knowledge and experience. 

32 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the stockholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by stockholder approval at general meetings. A director shall, forthwith
after becoming aware of the fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company, disclose the
interest to the board of the company. 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the stockholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by stockholder approval at general meetings. 

Accordingly, as a result of
multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular
business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be
resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses of
which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which
they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it is possible
they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary
obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. 

In order to minimize potential
conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be
an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business
opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations he
might have. 

The following table summarizes
the current pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors. 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Jeffrey Tirman 
 
 Abri Advisors Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Executive Managing Director 

Abri Ventures I, LLC 
 
 Sponsor 
 
 Managing Member, Director 

Abri Ventures 2, LLC 
 
 Sponsor 
 
 Managing Member, Director 

Abri Sponsor Company Ltd. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Abri Advisors (UK) Ltd. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Executive Managing Director 

Abri Advisors Inc. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

KJK Sports, S.A. 
 
 Sporting Goods 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Tahe Outdoors 
 
 Sporting Goods 
 
 Chairman and Director 

Baltic Varius 
 
 Sporting Goods 
 
 Chairman and Director 

Leader 96 
 
 Sporting Goods 
 
 Chairman and Director 

Elan d.o.o. 
 
 Sporting Goods 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Abri SPAC 2, Inc. 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

33 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Nima Montazeri 
 
 Abri Advisors Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Abri Advisors Inc. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Brown Stone Capital, LP 
 
 Investment Management 
 
 General Partner 

Abri SPAC 2, Inc. 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Christopher Hardt 
 
 Abri Advisors Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Abri Advisors Inc. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Abri SPAC 2, Inc. 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Peter Bakker 
 
 Abri Advisors Inc. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Vice President 

Abri SPAC 2, Inc. 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Vice President 

Amy Wall 
 
 Abri Advisors Inc. 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Vice President 

Abri SPAC 2, Inc. 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Vice President 

John Wepler 
 
 Marsh, Berry Co., Inc. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

MarshBerry Capital, Inc. 
 
 Broker Dealer 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Nadine Watt 
 
 Watt Companies 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Fisker, Inc. 
 
 Electric Car Manufacturer 
 
 Director 

Abri SPAC 2, Inc. 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Director 

In connection with the vote
required for any business combination, all of our existing stockholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote
their respective insider shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective
rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those shares of common stock acquired by them prior to the IPO.
If they purchased shares of common stock in the IPO or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation
distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
relating to pre-business combination activity. 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority
of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in
either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction
unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers,
directors or initial stockholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business
combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested
and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors,
special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to,
or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination. 

34 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of conduct
and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics
codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and
greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent
authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that
our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they
violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized
unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions
as directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any
employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will
be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth,
as of March 30, 2023, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii)
all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 30, 2023, we had 1,728,078 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

35 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 30, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Abri Ventures I, LLC (2) 
 1,728,078 
 58 
 
 Jeffrey Tirman (2)(3) 
 1,728,078 
 58 
 
 Nima Montazeri (3) 

Christopher Hardt 

Peter Bakker (3) 

John Wepler (3) 

Joseph Schottland (3) 

Nadine Watt (3) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (six individuals) 
 1,728,078 
 58 

Holders of 5 of more of our Common Stock 

Abri Ventures I LLC (2) 
 1,728,078 
 58 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Abri SPAC I, Inc., 9663 Santa Monica Blvd., No. 1091 Beverly Hills, CA 90210. 

(2) 
 Abri Ventures, our sponsor, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Abri Advisors Limited is the managing member of our sponsor. Jeffrey Tirman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the managing member of Abri Advisors Limited, and as such has voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Abri Ventures. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. Tirman may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. 

(3) 
 Each of our officers, directors and strategic advisors is, directly or indirectly, a member of our sponsor or have direct or indirect economic interests in our sponsor, and each of them disclaims any beneficial ownership of any shares held by our sponsor except to the extent of his or her ultimate pecuniary interest. 

All of the founder shares
are placed into an escrow account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as escrow agent. 50 percent of these
shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (i) 6 months after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50
per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing after the closing of our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares will not be transferred,
assigned, sold or released from escrow until 6 months after the date of the closing of our initial business combination, or earlier, in
either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other
similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

36 

During the escrow period,
the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) transfers among the insiders, to our officers,
directors, advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (3) transfers to
relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) transfers
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private sales made at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were
originally purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination, in
each case (except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and forfeiture, as the case may be, as
well as the other applicable restrictions and agreements of the holders of the insider shares. If dividends are declared and payable in
shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate,
there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever
amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. The loans would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the loans may be converted upon consummation of our business
combination into additional Private Units at a price of 10.00 per private unit. Such Private Units are identical to Public Units issued
at the closing of the IPO. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the Private Units and underlying securities upon conversion
of such loans, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

In April 2021, Abri Ventures purchased 1,437,500 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, which we refer to herein as founder shares 
or insider shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of this 25,000, we had no assets, tangible or intangible.
The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate
number of founder shares issued (resulting in a purchase price of approximately 0.017). On August 23, 2021, 4,020 founder shares were
surrendered and cancelled, resulting in 7,461,998 shares of common stock being outstanding. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 276,250 units (the Private Units to Abri Ventures, the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of 2,762,500. The Private Units are identical the Units sold in the IPO. On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale
of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 18,348 Private Units at 10.00 per additional Private Unit
(the Additional Private Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of 183,480. 

In order to meet our working
capital needs, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. The loans would either be paid upon consummation
of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the loans may be converted
upon consummation of our business combination into additional Private Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a conversion price
of 10.00 per private unit. Such Private Units are identical to the Public Units issued at the closing of the IPO. Our stockholders have
approved the issuance of the Private Units and underlying securities upon conversion of such loans, to the extent the holder wishes to
so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

The holders of our insider
shares issued and outstanding on the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the Private Units (and all underlying securities) and
any securities our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made
to us, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement, dated August 9, 2021. The holders of a majority
of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider
shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of
common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Warrants or securities issued in payment of working
capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

37 

We will reimburse our officers
and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf
such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket
expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust
account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we
consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial
stockholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members
of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review
and approval. 

No compensation or fees of
any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial stockholders,
officers or directors who owned our shares of common stock prior to the IPO, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with
respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior
approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of our board
who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors (or, if there are no independent 
directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would
be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to meet the working
capital needs following the consummation of the IPO if the funds not held in the Trust Account are insufficient, the Sponsor, Initial
Stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan Abri funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each working capital loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The
notes would either be paid upon consummation of the initial business combination, without interest, or, at the holder s discretion,
up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. The Units would consist of (i) one
shares of Common Stock, which consists of one share of Common Stock and one-quarter of one Warrant, and (ii) one-quarter of one Warrant,
where the Common Stock and warrants would be identical to the Common Stock and warrants included in the Private Units. In the event that
the initial business combination does not close, Abri may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts, but no other proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

On March 8, 2022, the
Company issued the First Working Capital Note to the Sponsor where the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate principal amount of 300,000.
On April 4, 2022, the Company issued the Second Working Capital Note to the Sponsor where the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate
principal amount of 500,000. On August 26, 2022, the Company issued the Third Working Capital Note to the Sponsor where the Sponsor agreed
to loan us an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. On November 22, 2022, the Company issued the Fourth Working Capital Note to the
Sponsor where the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate principal amount of 150,000. On January 17,
2023, the Company issued the Fifth Working Capital Note for an aggregate principal amount of 200,000. The Working Capital Notes
was issued to fund working capital of the Company. The Working Capital Notes are non-interest bearing and all outstanding amounts under
the Working Capital Notes will be due on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination, the Maturity Date. If a business
combination is not consummated, and there are insufficient funds to repay the Working Capital Notes, the unpaid amounts would be forgiven.
All or a portion of the amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Notes may be converted on the Maturity Date into units at a price
of 10.00 per unit at the option of the Sponsor. The units would be identical to the Company s outstanding Private Units that
were issued to the Sponsor in the Private Placement. The Working Capital Notes contain customary events of default, including, among others,
those relating to the Company s failure to make a payment of principal when due and to perform any other obligations that is not
timely cured after written notice of such default from the Sponsor. 

38 

On August 5, 2022, the
Sponsor deposited 573,392 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a Business Combination until November 12, 2022. On
November 1, 2022, the Sponsor deposited 573,392 into the Trust Account for the second of two three-month extensions to extend the
time to complete a Business Combination until February 12, 2023. On February 6, 2023,
Abri deposited an additional 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to March 12, 2023.
On March 10, 2023, Abri deposited an additional 87,500 into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination
to April 12, 2023. The extension payments were made through promissory notes issued to the Sponsor and are non-interest
bearing (the Extension Notes ). All outstanding amounts under the Extension Notes will be due on the date on which we
consummate our initial business combination. If a business combination is not consummated, and there are insufficient funds to repay
the Extension Notes, the unpaid amounts would be forgiven. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We have agreed to pay the
Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services commencing on the date that the securities
were first listed on the Nasdaq, subject to deferral until consummation of our initial Business Combination. Upon completion of our initial
Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in
which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries
is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner
of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity).
A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her
work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper
personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our
directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about
related party transactions. 

Our audit committee, pursuant
to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions.
All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize potential
conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial
stockholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated
stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial stockholders,
or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any
services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

39 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10
- Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

During the period from March
18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, the firm of BDO USA, LLP BDO ), has acted as our principal independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to BDO for services rendered: 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of
fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by BDO in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods,
the registration statement, the closing 8-K and other required filings with the SEC for the period from March 18, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 totaled 206,480 and for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 291,145. This amount includes interim
procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

We did not pay BDO for
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay BDO for tax
planning and tax advice for the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay BDO for other
services for the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

Since our audit committee
had not yet been formed when the work commenced in 2021, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although all such services were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the audit committee have
been pre-approved by the audit committee. 

40 

part
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 The financial statements listed on the Financial Statements Table of Contents 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed with this report.
Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, by and between Registrant and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13 , 2021) 

3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 9, 2021 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and initial stockholders, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

10.1.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Abri Ventures I, Inc., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021 

10.3 
 
 Escrow Agreement, dated August 9, 2021 by and among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company LLC, as escrow agent, and the Registrant s initial stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

41 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 A Subscription Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Abri Ventures I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Abri Ventures I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 13, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officer and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15 ,2021) 

10.8 
 
 Merger Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022, by and among DLQ Inc., Abri SPAC I, Inc. Abri Merger Sub, Inc., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Parent Support Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022 by and among Abri SPAC I, Inc., DLQ, Inc., Abri Ventures I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15, 2021) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 15, 2021) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Abri SPAC I, Inc. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Tirman 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Tirman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jeffrey Tirman 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Christopher Hardt 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Nima Montazeri 

Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Nadine Watt 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ John Wepler 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Joseph Schottland 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

43 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (BDO USA, LLP, Potomac, Maryland, PCAOB ID# F-2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) and Redeemable Common Stock F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Stockholders and Board of Directors 

ABRI SPAC I, Inc. 

Beverly Hills, CA 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of ABRI SPAC I, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and redeemable common stock, and cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company does
not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations and the Company s ability to execute its business plan is
dependent upon its consummation of an initial business combination described in Note 1 to the financial statements. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 

December 31, 
2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued legal fees 

Total current liabilities 

Promissory notes, related party 

- 

Convertible promissory notes, related party 

- 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value , shares authorized; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

- 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

() 

Total liabilities, redeemable common stock and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
Year Ended 

For the 
Period 
March 18, 
2021 
(Inception) 
Through 

December 31, 
2022 

December 31, 
2021 

Operating expenses: 

Professional fees 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

() 

- 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted, redeemable shares subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, redeemable shares subject to redemption 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted, non-redeemable shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable shares 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) AND REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period March 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Common Stock Subject to 

Additional 

Total 
Stockholder s 

Possible Redemption 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

() 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Redemption of common stock 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

Common Stock Subject to 

Additional 

Total 
Stockholder s 

Possible Redemption 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance, March 18, 2021 (inception) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock to founders for cash 

- 

- 

- 

Sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 

- 

- 

Sale of Private Units 

- 

- 

- 

Private warrant liability 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Public warrant allocation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Forfeiture of founder s shares 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
Year Ended 

For the 
Period 
March 18, 
2021 
(Inception) 
Through 

December 31, 
2022 

December 31, 
2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

- 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for payment to redeeming stockholders 

- 

Investments in marketable securities held in Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Withdrawal from Trust Account to pay taxes 

- 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment to redeeming stockholders 

() 

- 

Proceeds from convertible promissory notes, related party 

- 

Proceeds of notes payable - related party 

Repayments of notes payable - related party 

- 

() 
 
 Issuance of common stock to founders for cash 

- 

Cash proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

- 

Cash proceeds from sale of Private Units 

- 

Cash proceeds from issuance of underwriter s unit purchase option 

- 

Payment of offering costs 

- 

() 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

Cash - Beginning of period 

- 

Cash - End of period 

- 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of founder shares for related party payables 

- 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

ABRI SPAC I, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR
THE PERIOD MARCH 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
and incurring offering costs of . The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 
Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments. 

units (the Private Units to Abri Ventures I, LLC Abri
Ventures ), the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Unit, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of . 

net proceeds from the IPO and sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (the Trust Account ). The funds held in the Trust Account were invested only in
U.S. government securities with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations so that we are not deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, the Trust Account
is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; (ii)
the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public
shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months
from the closing of this offering with the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate an Initial Business Combination) or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Initial Business Combination activity; or (iii)
absent an Initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering
with the mandatory extensions of the period of time to consummate an Initial Business Combination), the return of the funds held in the
Trust Account to the public stockholders as part of redemption of the public shares. 

additional Units (the Additional Units at per Additional Unit upon the closing of the over-allotment option,
generating additional gross proceeds of . On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company
consummated the sale of an additional Private Units at per additional Private Unit (the Additional Private Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of . A total of of the net proceeds from the sale of the Additional Units and
the Additional Private Units was deposited in the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account on that date
to . 

F- 7 

of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Initial Business Combination. The
Company will only complete an Initial Business Combination if the post-Initial Business Combination company owns or acquires or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. 

is for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support, which the Company records as operating
expense on its statements of operations. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon
a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection
with our Initial Business Combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date
of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination. This arrangement is being agreed to by its Sponsor for our benefit. We believe
that the fee charged by our Sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. This arrangement will
terminate upon completion of our Initial Business Combination or the distribution of the Trust Account to our public stockholders. Other
than the per month fee, no compensation of any kind (including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation)
will be paid to our insiders, members of our management team or any of our or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us
prior to or in connection with the consummation of our Initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on
our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations, as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their
operations. Since the role of present management after our Initial Business Combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine
what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after our Initial Business Combination. 

of the total gross proceeds raised
in the offering upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part
as consideration to effect our Initial Business Combination, the proceeds held in the Trust Account which are not used to consummate an
Initial Business Combination will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways, including
continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development
of existing or new products. 

F- 8 

of the notes may be converted upon consummation of
our Initial Business Combination into additional Private Warrants at a price of per warrant. Notwithstanding, there is no guarantee
that the Company will receive such funds. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the Private Warrants upon conversion of such
notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination. If
we do not complete an Initial Business Combination, any loans and advances from our insiders or their affiliates, will be repaid only
from amounts remaining outside our Trust Account, if any. 

per public share. 

upon such consummation of an Initial Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. 

into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete its Initial Business Combination for an
additional three months, or until November 12, 2022. On November 1, 2022, in connection with a second extension, There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless
if the Company fails to complete its Initial Business Combination prior to February 12, 2023, unless the Company extends the time to
complete its Initial Business Combination. On February 6, 2023, Abri deposited an additional into the Trust Account to
extend the time to complete a business combination to March 12, 2023. On March 10, 2023,
Abri deposited an additional into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to
April 12, 2023. 

F- 9 

On February 6, 2023, Abri deposited an additional into the Trust
Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to March 12, 2023. On March 10, 2023, Abri deposited an
additional into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to April 12, 2023. 

and working capital deficiency of . Our liquidity needs through the date of this filing had been
satisfied through proceeds from notes payable and advances from a related party and from the issuance of common stock. Our liquidity needs
consist of paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective business combination candidates, performing due diligence
on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating an Initial Business Combination. Although certain of our initial stockholders, officers and directors or
their affiliates have committed to loan us funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole
discretion, there is no guarantee that we will receive such funds. 

F- 10 

days or less which meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Marketable securities
held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value
at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in interest
income in the consolidated statements of operations. The estimated fair values of the investments held in the Trust Account are determined
using available market information. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew of interest income from the
Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. There was no withdrawal from the Trust Account during the period from March 18, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021. 

were recognized (including for the fair value of the Representative s unit purchase option), all of which was
allocated to the common shares, reducing the carrying amount of such shares as of such date. 

F- 11 

, with no unrecognized accretion .
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had recorded accretion of with unrecognized accretion of . 

F- 12 

F- 13 

Total 

Less: Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

() 
 
 Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

- 

Allocation of net loss 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

() 

() 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

F- 14 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Allocation of net loss 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per share

Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.
These shares were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding until they were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Units
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of and incurred offering costs of , consisting of of underwriting
fees and expenses and of costs related to the IPO. Additionally, the Company recorded deferred underwriting commissions of 
(increasing up to if the underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised in full) payable only upon completion of our
Initial Business Combination. 

Private Units to its Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of . 

Additional Units at per Additional Unit upon the closing of the over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds
of . On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
 Additional Private Units, generating additional gross proceeds of . A total of of the net proceeds from the
sale of the Additional Units and the Additional Private Units was deposited in the Trust Account. 

shares of common stock issued to the sponsor prior to the IPO and the Private
Placement, were forfeited for no consideration. 

F- 15 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s
common stock for an aggregate price of . 

Private Units in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of IPO.
The Private Units are comprised of one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant, each exercisable to purchase one share of common
stock at per share and are otherwise identical to the public warrants in the IPO. 

Additional Private Units, generating additional
gross proceeds of . 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2022 or (ii) the date on
which the Company consummated the IPO. As of December 31, 2022, there was a balance outstanding under the note. 

to extend the time available for the company to consummate
its initial business combination. The note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates an Initial
Business Combination. 

to extend the time available for the company to consummate
its initial business combination. The note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates an Initial
Business Combination. 

outstanding in the aggregate under both notes. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses
of the IPO. The note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates a Business
Combination. In the event that a Business Combination did not close prior to April 12, 2023 (or up to later if the period
of time to consummate an Initial Business Combination is extended), the note shall be deemed terminated and no amounts will be owed. At
any time, up to a day prior to the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the holder may convert the principal amount into private
units of the Company at a conversion price of per unit. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding under the note. 

F- 16 

to be used for operating expenses. The
note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates a Business Combination. In the event that a Business
Combination did not close prior to August 12, 2022 (or up to February 12, 2023, if the period of time to consummate an Initial Business
Combination is extended), the note shall be deemed terminated and no amounts will be owed. At any time, up to a day prior to the closing
of an Initial Business Combination, the holder may convert the principal amount into private units of the Company at a conversion price
of per unit. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding under the note. 

to be used for operating expenses. The
note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates an Initial Business Combination. In the event
that an Initial Business Combination does not close prior to February 12, 2023 (or up to August 12, 2023, if the period of time to consummate
an Initial Business Combination is extended), the note shall be deemed terminated and no amounts will be owed. At any time, up to a day
prior to the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the holder may convert the principal amount into private units of the Company
at a conversion price of per unit. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding under the note. 

to be used for operating expenses.
The note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates an Initial Business Combination. In the event
that an Initial Business Combination does not close prior to February 12, 2023 (or up to August 12, 2023, if the period of time to consummate
an Initial Business Combination is extended), the note shall be deemed terminated and no amounts will be owed. At any time, up to a day
prior to the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the holder may convert the principal amount into private units of the Company
at a conversion price of per unit. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding under the note. 

per month for office space, administrative
and support services, which the Company records as operating expense on its statements of operations. Upon the completion of the Initial
Business Combination or our liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company recorded and related
to these fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 18, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Sponsor and , respectively, under this agreement. 

F- 17 

. The Merger Consideration will be
payable in shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company Abri Common Stock ). 

shares of Abri Common Stock (the Management Earnout Shares ).
The release of the Management Earnout Shares shall occur as follows: 

Management Earnout Shares will be earned and released upon satisfaction of the First Milestone Event (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement); 

Management Earnout Shares will be earned and released upon satisfaction of the Second Milestone Event (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement); and 

Management Earnout Shares will be earned and released upon satisfaction of the Third Milestone Event (as defined in the Management Earnout Agreement). 

of such shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination
and the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
day period following the consummation of our Initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining of such shares, six months
after the date of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to our Initial Business
Combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The Founder Shares will be held in escrow with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company during the period in which they are subject to the transfer restrictions described above. 

F- 18 

, an option to purchase up to a total of units (increased to units after the over-allotment was exercised in part)
exercisable, in whole or in part, at per unit, commencing on the consummation of our Initial Business Combination. The purchase
option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires from the commencement of
sales in this offering. The option and the units, as well as the shares of common stock, and the warrants to purchase
 shares of common stock that may be issued upon exercise of the option, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore
subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement or the commencement
of sales in the IPO pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s Rules, during which time the option may not be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative or put or call transaction that would
result in the economic disposition of the securities. Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of the Company s initial prospectus except to
any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders
demand and piggy-back rights of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. We
will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by
the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will
not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. We will have no obligation to net cash settle
the exercise of the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option. The holder of the purchase option will not be entitled
to exercise the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option unless a registration statement covering the securities
underlying the purchase option is effective or an exemption from registration is available. If the holder is unable to exercise the purchase
option or underlying warrants, the purchase option or warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless. 

cash payment, as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting
in a charge directly to stockholders equity. 

shares of common stock having a par value of per share. On April 12, 2021, the Company issued
 founder shares of common stock at a price of per share for total receivable of . These Founder
Shares held by our Sponsor included up to shares which were subject to forfeiture by the stockholder if the underwriters of the
Company s IPO did not fully or in part exercise their over-allotment option. On August 19, 2021, the underwriters
notified the Company of their intent to exercise of the over-allotment option in part and, on August 23, 2021, the underwriters purchased
 Additional Units at per Additional Unit upon the closing of the over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds
of . On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
 Additional Private Units, generating additional gross proceeds of . The balance of the Additional Private Units, or 
Private Units, including Founder Shares, were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

F- 19 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value
 per share. 

per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time
commencing on the later of the completion of an Initial Business Combination and from the consummation of the Company s
IPO. The warrants will expire after the completion of our Initial Business Combination, or earlier upon
redemption. 

trigger price as well as the warrant exercise
price per share after the redemption notice is issued and not limit our ability to complete the redemption. 

F- 20 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and
 shares of common stock outstanding, respectively, subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity
in the balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of public warrants at issuance 

Offering Costs allocated to common stock subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Less: 

Common stock redeemed on December 19, 2022 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. 

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , with each Unit
consisting of one share of common stock, par value, and one redeemable warrant. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments. 

Private Units to its Sponsor at a purchase
price of per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , with each Private Unit consisting of one share
of common stock, par value, and one redeemable warrant. 

F- 21 

, an option to purchase up to a total of units (increased to units
after the over-allotment was exercised in part) exercisable, in whole or in part, at per unit, commencing on the consummation of
our Initial Business Combination. The purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option,
and expires from the commencement of sales in this offering. The option and the units, as well as the shares
of common stock, and the warrants to purchase shares of common stock that may be issued upon exercise of the option have been
deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date
of our registration statement, or August 9, 2021. As of August 12, 2021, the Company accounted for the unit purchase option, inclusive
of the receipt of cash payment, as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders 
equity. 

Additional Units at per Additional Unit upon the closing of the over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds
of . On August 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
 Additional Private Units, generating additional gross proceeds of , with each Additional Private Unit consisting of one
share of common stock, par value, and one redeemable warrant. 

F- 22 

per Public Warrant, which was determined by the Monte Carlo simulation model.
The Public Warrants will be recorded at the amount of allocated proceeds and will not be remeasured every reporting period. 

, which
was determined by the Black-Scholes Pricing Model with the following assumptions: dividend yield of , term of years, volatility of
 , exercise price of and risk-free rate of . The fair value was as of December 31, 2021, using the following
assumptions: dividend yield of , term of years, volatility of , exercise price of and risk-free rate of . The fair
value was as of December 31, 2022, using the following assumptions: dividend yield of , term of years, volatility of ,
exercise price of and risk-free rate of , resulting in a gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities of for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Change in fair value 

Transfer to Level 2 

Level 3 financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

F- 23 

- 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 - 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 24 

Risk free rate 

Unit purchase price 

Estimated term 
 Years 
 
 Volatility 

-

State and local 
 -
 
 -

-

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 

State and local 

)) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

Effects of: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Tax return to provision adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 ) 

Effective rate 
 ) 
 - 

F- 25 

Startup costs 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

-
 
 - 

and was recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

and , respectively, with no state net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The federal net operating loss carryforwards generated do not expire. 

million, which does not meet the requirement for continued
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). In accordance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Staff has provided the Company with 180 calendar days, or until September 19, 2023, to regain compliance
with the MVLS Rule. The MVLS Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

million for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the 180-day compliance period
ending on September 19, 2023. In the event the Company does not regain compliance with the MVLS Rule prior to the expiration of the compliance
period, it will receive written notification that its securities, including the Units, Common Stock and Warrants, are subject to delisting.
At that time, the Company may appeal the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel. 

of proceeds to be used for operating expenses. The note was
non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date the Company consummates an Initial Business Combination. In the event that an
Initial Business Combination does not close prior to April 12, 2023 (or up to August 12, 2023, if the period of time to consummate
an Initial Business Combination is extended), the note shall be deemed terminated and no amounts will be owed. At any time, up to a day
prior to the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the holder may convert the principal amount into private units of the Company
at a conversion price of per unit. As of the date that the financial statements were issued, there was outstanding under
the note. 

upon entering into a non-convertible promissory note with a related party.
Abri deposited all proceeds into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to March 12, 2023. On March
10, 2023, Abri deposited an additional into the Trust Account to extend the time to complete a business combination to April
12, 2023. 

F-26 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_abrispac1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

General 

Abri SPAC I, Inc. has authorized stock consisting
of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001. As of the date of
this report, 2,980,450 shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding. No preferred shares are issued or outstanding. The following
description summarizes the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that
is important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws, our warrant agreement, and
to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 

Units 

Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
and one redeemable warrant. Each redeemable warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of
 11.50 per share and shall expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. Fractional
shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware
Law. On September 3, 2021, the holders of the Units were able to elect to separately trade
the shares of Common Stock and Warrants included in the Units. 

Common Stock 

Our stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve
our initial business combination, our Sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares
of Common Stock owned by them immediately prior to this offering and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering
in the open market, including any shares included in shares of Common Stock acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket, in favor
of the proposed business combination. 

We will consummate our initial
business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination, a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voted are voted
in favor of the business combination. 

The Board is divided into
three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares
eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

At a special meeting of Abri s
stockholders held on December 9, 2022, Abri s stockholders approved (i) a proposal to amend Abri s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, and (ii) a proposal to amend the Management Trust Agreement with the Transfer Agent, to extend the date by which Abri
has to consummate a business combination from February 12, 2023 until August 12, 2023, on an as needed, month-to-month basis. In connection
with the Extension Meeting, a total of 4,481,548 shares were tendered for redemption. 

If we do not consummate an
initial business combination by up to August 12, 2023, our corporate existence will cease except for the purposes of winding up our affairs
and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to an initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to share
ratably in the Trust Account, based on the amount then held in the Trust Account. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive
their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution from the Trust Account occurring upon our failure to consummate an initial
business combination with respect to the founder s Common Stock and Private shares of Common Stock. Our Sponsor, officers and directors
will therefore not participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares or shares of Common
Stock. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to any shares of Common Stock
acquired in, or following, the IPO. 

Our stockholders have no conversion,
preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of Common Stock,
except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares of Common Stock to us in a tender offer or have their shares of Common
Stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination. Public stockholders who redeem their shares of Common Stock into their share of the Trust Account still have the right to
exercise any Warrants they still hold outside of such shares of Common Stock but will forfeit, without the receipt of any additional consideration,
the portion of the Warrant included in the shares of Common Stock. Accordingly, an investor may have a disincentive to exercise redemption
rights due to the loss of such portion of the Warrants. 

Preferred Stock 

There are no shares of preferred
stock outstanding. Our Certificate of Incorporation as of the date of this prospectus/proxy statement/consent solicitation statement authorizes
the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time
by the Board. Accordingly, the Board is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation,
conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of Common Stock. However,
the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which participates in any manner
in the proceeds of the Trust Account, or which votes as a class with the Common Stock on a business combination. We may issue some or
all of the preferred stock to effect a business combination. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot
assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Redeemable Warrants 

No warrants are currently outstanding. Each redeemable
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of the completion of our initial business combination and one year from the consummation
of this offering. Except as set forth below, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination at 5:00 p.m.,
Eastern Standard Time. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares
of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.50 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted
average trading price of our shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which
we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Price is below 9.50 per share, the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption
trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Price. 

2 

We may call the warrants for redemption, in whole
and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares
of common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business
day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders (the Force-Call Provision ), and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading
period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless
the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder
of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such
warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have
been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide
a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines
as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair
market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the shares of common stock for the 20
trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether
we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety
of factors including the price of our shares of common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such
time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalizations,
extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for
issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or
official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After
the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

3 

Except as described above, no warrants will be
exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a
prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the shares of common stock have
been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant
exercise. If the prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the
shares of common stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside,
we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants
may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction
on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would not be able to exercise
their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of 9.99 of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any person who acquires a
warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company, or in connection with or as a participant in
any transaction having such purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the underlying
shares of common stock and not be able to take advantage of this provision. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share (as a result
of a subsequent share capitalizations payable in shares of common stock, or by a split up of the shares of common stock or other similar
event), we will, upon exercise, round up or down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the
warrant holder. 

Private Units 

Except as described below, the private units have
terms and provisions that are identical to those the units in this offering. The private units (including their component securities and
the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants included in the private units) will not be transferable, assignable or
salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described
under Principal Stockholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Units, to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private units). The private warrants so long as they are held
by our sponsor or its permitted transferees a) will not be redeemable by us and b) will be exercisable on a cashless basis. If the private
warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us in all
redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. 

We expect to have policies in place that restrict
insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted
to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information.
Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the common stock received upon such exercise freely
in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities.
As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of this offering, our insiders, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time
or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The
notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion,
up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional units at a price of 10.00
per unit. These units would be identical to the private units. 

4 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

We will be subject to the provisions of Section
203 of Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 10 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes
a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business
combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Staggered board of directors 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control
of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by resolution of the board of directors, or by the Chief Executive Officer. 

5 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_abrispac1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey Tirman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Abri SPAC
I, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Tirman 

Jeffrey Tirman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_abrispac1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Christopher Hardt, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Abri SPAC
I, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Christopher Hardt 

Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2022ex32_abrispac1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Abri SPAC
I, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Tirman 

Jeffrey Tirman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Christopher Hardt 

Christopher Hardt 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aspa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aspa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aspa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aspa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aspa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

