<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_109657_0001493152-23-009812.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7176886</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>273525</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2139667</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1884548</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1323180</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1417656</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009812.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GT Biopharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109657
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				941620407
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40023
		FILM NUMBER:		23781544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 MARINA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BRISBANE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 304-9888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 MARINA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BRISBANE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OXIS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940916

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DDI PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIAGNOSTIC DATA INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009812.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
 One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended: , 
 or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

. 

 (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

. 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number including area code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Securities 
 
 Exchanges
 on which Registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 was
approximately million. As of March 30, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value,
issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 39 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 39 

PART III 
 
 39 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 39 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 

SUMMARY
RISK FACTORS 

Our
business involves significant risks. Below is a summary of the material risks that our business faces, which makes an investment in our
securities speculative and risky. This summary does not address all these risks. These risks are more fully described below under the
heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this annual report on Form 10-K. Before making investment decisions regarding
our securities, you should carefully consider these risks. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and stock price. In such event,
the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition, there are also additional
risks not described below that are either not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, and these additional risks
could also materially impair our business, operations or market price of our common stock. 

Our
 business is at an early stage of development and we may not develop therapeutic products that can be commercialized. 

We
 have a history of operating losses and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and we may never generate
 revenue or achieve profitability. 

If
 we fail to meet our obligations under our license agreements, we may lose our rights to key technologies on which our business depends. 

Our
 reliance on the activities of our non-employee consultants, research institutions and scientific contractors, whose activities are
 not wholly within our control, may lead to delays in development of our proposed products. 

We
 have limited clinical testing and regulatory capabilities, and human clinical trials are subject to extensive regulatory requirements,
 very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. Our products may fail to achieve necessary safety and efficacy
 endpoints during clinical trials, which may limit our ability to generate revenues from therapeutic products. 

We
 are subject to extensive regulation, which can be costly and time consuming and can subject us to unanticipated delays. Even if we
 obtain regulatory approval for some of our products, those products may still face regulatory difficulties. 

Our
 product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval,
 limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if
 any. 

We
 currently lack manufacturing capabilities to produce our therapeutic product candidates at commercial-scale quantities and do not
 have an alternate manufacturing supply, which could negatively impact our ability to meet any future demand for the product. 

We
 rely on third parties to conduct preclinical and clinical trials of our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully
 carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
 our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 

Epidemic
 or pandemic outbreaks such as COVID-19 (coronavirus), natural disasters, whether or not caused by climate change, unusual weather
 conditions, terrorist acts and political events, could disrupt business and result in halting our clinical trials and otherwise adversely
 affect our financial performance. 

There
 has been a limited public market for our common stock , and we do not know whether one will develop to provide you adequate liquidity.
 Furthermore, the trading price for our common stock, should an active trading market develop, may be volatile and could be subject
 to wide fluctuations in per-share price. 

Because
 our common stock may be deemed a penny stock, an investment in our common stock should be considered high-risk and
 subject to marketability restrictions. 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any documents which may be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, contains Forward-Looking
Statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are Forward-Looking Statements for purposes
of these provisions, including our plans of operation, any projections of revenues or other financial items, any statements of the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning proposed new products or services, any statements regarding
future economic conditions or performance, and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. All Forward-Looking Statements
included in this document are made as of the date hereof and are based on information available to us as of such date. We assume no obligation
to update any Forward-Looking Statement. In some cases, Forward-Looking Statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as
 may, will, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, 
 believes, estimates, potential, or continue, or the negative thereof or other
comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the Forward-Looking Statements contained herein are reasonable,
there can be no assurance that such expectations or any of the Forward-Looking Statements will prove to be correct, and actual results
could differ materially from those projected or assumed in the Forward-Looking Statements. Future financial condition and results of
operations, as well as any Forward-Looking Statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, including any other factors referred
to in our press releases and reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All subsequent Forward-Looking Statements attributable
to the company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Additional factors
that may have a direct bearing on our operating results are described under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Introductory
Comment 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms GT Biopharma, GTBP, we, us, our, 
 the company and our company refer to GT Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as DDI Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., Diagnostic Data, Inc. and Oxis International, Inc., together with our subsidiaries. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel immuno-oncology products based
on our proprietary Tri-specific Killer Engager (TriKE fusion protein immune cell engager technology platform. Our TriKE 
 platform generates proprietary therapeutics designed to harness and enhance the cancer killing abilities of a patient s own
natural killer cells, or NK cells. Once bound to an NK cell, our moieties are designed to enhance the NK cell, and precisely direct it
to one or more specifically targeted proteins expressed on a specific type of cancer cell or virus infected cell, resulting in the targeted
cell s death. TriKE s can be designed to target any number of tumor antigens on hematologic malignancies or solid
tumors and do not require patient-specific customization. 

We
are using our TriKE platform with the intent to bring to market immuno-oncology products that can treat a range of hematologic
malignancies, and solid tumors. The platform is scalable, and we are putting processes in place to be able to produce investigational
new drug (IND) ready moieties in a timely manner after a specific TriKE conceptual design. Specific drug candidates can
then be advanced into the clinic on our own or through potential collaborations with partnering companies. We believe our TriKE s
may have the ability, if approved for marketing, to be used as both monotherapy and in combination with other standard-of-care therapies. 

We
are also using our TriKE platform to develop therapeutics useful for the treatment of infectious disease such as for
the treatment of patients infected by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). While the use of anti-retroviral drugs has
substantially improved the health and increased the longevity of individuals infected with HIV, these drugs are designed to suppress
virus replication to help modulate progression to acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) and to limit further transmission of the
virus. Despite the use of anti-retroviral drugs, infected individuals retain reservoirs of latent HIV-infected cells that, upon
cessation of anti-retroviral drug therapy, can reactivate and re-establish an active HIV infection. For a curative therapy,
destruction of these latent HIV infected cells must take place. The HIV-TriKE contains the antigen binding fragment
(Fab) from a broadly neutralizing antibody targeting the HIV-Env protein or a protein that binds infected CD4+ T cells. The HIV-TriKE is designed to target HIV
while redirecting NK cell killing specifically to actively replicating HIV infected cells. The HIV-TriKE induced NK
cell proliferation and demonstrated the ability in vitro to reactivate and kill HIV-infected T-cells. These findings indicate a
potential role for the HIV-TriKE in the reactivation and elimination of the latently infected HIV reservoir cells by
harnessing the NK cell s ability to mediate the antibody-directed cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC). 

1 

Our
initial work has been conducted in collaboration with the Masonic Cancer Center at the University of Minnesota under a program led by
Dr. Jeffrey Miller, the Deputy Director. Dr. Miller is a recognized key opinion leader in the field of NK cell and IL-15 biology and
their therapeutic potential. We have exclusive rights to the TriKE platform and are generating additional intellectual
property for specific moieties. 

Immuno-Oncology
Platform 

Tri-specific
Killer Engagers (TriKE s) 

The
generation of chimeric antigen receptor, or CAR, expressing T cells from monoclonal antibodies has represented an important step forward
in cancer therapy. These therapies involve the genetic engineering of T cells to express either CARs, or T cell receptors, or TCRs, and
are designed such that the modified T cells can recognize and destroy cancer cells. While a great deal of interest has recently been
placed upon chimeric antigen receptor T, or CAR-T, therapy, it has certain limitations for broad potential applicability because it can
require an individual approach that is expensive, time consuming, and may be difficult to apply on a large scale. NK cells represent
an important immunotherapeutic target as they are involved in tumor immune-surveillance, can mediate antibody-dependent cell-mediated
cytotoxicity (ADCC), contain pre-made granules with perforin and granzyme B and can quickly secrete inflammatory cytokines, and unlike
T cells they do not require antigen priming and can kill cells in the absence of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) presentation
of antigens. Unlike full-length antibodies, TriKE constructs are composed of a single-chain fusion protein that binds
the CD16 receptor of NK cells directly producing a potent and lasting cytotoxic killing response, interleukin 15 (IL-15) to promote NK
cell activation, persistence and proliferation, and a cancer cell targeting moiety. An additional benefit of TriKE may
have been its attractive biodistribution, as a consequence of their smaller size, which we expect to be important in the treatment of
solid tumors. In addition to these advantages, TriKE is designed to be non-immunogenic, have appropriate clearance properties,
and can be engineered to target a variety of tumor antigens. 

We
believe there is a continued unmet medical need for targeted immuno-oncology therapies that can have the potential to be dosed in a patient-friendly
outpatient setting, can be used on a stand-alone basis, augment the current monoclonal antibody therapeutics, or be used in conjunction
with more traditional cancer therapy. We believe our TriKE constructs have this potential and therefore we have generated,
and intend to continue to generate, a pipeline of product candidates to be advanced into the clinic on our own or through potential collaborations
with larger companies. 

GTB-3550
TriKE and Phase 1 Acute Myeloid Leukemia/Myelodysplastic Syndrome (AML/MDS) Phase 1 Clinical Trial 

GTB-3550
is the Company s first-generation TriKE product candidate which is a single-chain, tri-specific recombinant fusion
protein construct composed of the variable regions of the heavy and light chains of anti-CD16 and anti-CD33 antibodies and a modified
form of IL-15, all connected by small peptide linkers. The GTB-3550 Phase 1 clinical trial for treatment of patients with CD33-expressing, high risk myelodysplastic syndromes
and refractory/relapsed acute myeloid leukemia opened for patient enrollment in September 2019 and completed enrollment in September
2021. The clinical trial was conducted at the University of Minnesota s Masonic Cancer Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota under the
direction of Dr. Erica Warlick and Dr. Mark Juckett. 

Background
and Select Non-Clinical Data 

In
conjunction with our research agreement with the Masonic Cancer Center at the University of Minnesota, the exploration of targeting NK
cells to a variety of tumors initially focused on novel bi-specific killer engagers, or BiKEs, composed of the variable portions of antibodies
targeting the CD16 activating receptor on NK cells and CD33 (AML and MDS; see figure below), B7H3 (solid tumors breast, lung,
colon, prostate), Her2 (Breast, Gastric), or CD19/CD22 (B cell lymphomas) on the tumor cells. 

2 

Subsequently,
a tri-specific (TriKE construct that replaced the linker molecule between the CD16 scFv and the CD33 scFv with a modified
IL-15 molecule, containing flanking sequences, was generated, and tested. Data indicates that the CD16 x IL-15 x CD33 potently induce
proliferation of healthy donor NK cells, possibly greater than that induced by exogenous IL-15, which is absent in the BiKE platform.
Targeted delivery of the IL-15 through the TriKE also resulted in specific expansion of the NK cells without inducing
T cell expansion on post-transplant patient samples. 

When
compared to the CD16 x CD33 BiKE, the CD16 x IL-15 x CD33 TriKE is also capable of potently restoring killing capacity
of post-transplant NK cells against CD33-expressing HL-60 targets and primary AML blasts. These results demonstrated the ability to functionally
incorporate an IL-15 cytokine into the BiKE platform and also demonstrated the possibility of targeting a variety of cytokines directly
to NK cells while reducing off-target effects and the amount of cytokines needed to obtain biologically relevant function. 

The
figure below is a schematic of a BiKE construct (top) and a TriKE construct (bottom), which has the modified IL-15 linker
between the CD16 scFv and the CD33 scFv components. 

The CD33 -targeting TriKE constructs was tested against
three separate human tumor cell lines to evaluate specificity: CD33+ HL-60 (promyelocitic leukemia) cells, CD33, Raji (Burkitt s
lymphoma), and CD33- HT29 (colorectal adenocarcinoma). TriKE (GTB-3550) activity was only seen against the CD33+ HL-60
cells containing a Luc reporter to allow for in vivo imaging of the tumors, were used to show in vivo efficacy of BiKE (1633) and TriKE 
 (GTB-3550) against relevant human tumor targets (HL-60-luc) over an extended period of time. The system consisted of initial conditioning
of mice using radiation (250-275 cGy), followed by injection of the tumor cells (I.V. for HL-60-luc, a three-day growth phase, injection
of human NK cells, and repeated injection of the drugs of interest, BiKE and TriKE (three to five times a week). Imaging
was carried out at Day 7, 14, and 21, and extended as needed. Subsequent studies were also carried out to evaluate other TriKEs expressing
targeting arms against other tumor antigens (B7H3 and HER2 for instance). 

3 

The
figure below shows the results (tumor burden and mortality) when dosing NK cells alone (top panel), the BiKE version (lacking IL-15)
of GTB-3550 (middle panel; called 1633), and the TriKE , GTB-3550 (bottom panel; then called 161533) in the above human
tumor model, HL-60-luc. In the NK-cell-only arm, two out of the five mice were dead by Day 21 with two of the surviving mice having extensive
tumor burden as depicted by the colored images. In contrast, all five mice in each of the BiKE and TriKE arms survived.
In addition, the tumor burden in the TriKE -treated mice was significantly less than in the BiKE-treated mice, demonstrating
the improved efficacy from NK cells in the TriKE -treated mice. 

Based
on these results, and others, the IND for GTB-3550 was filed in June 2017 by the University of Minnesota. The FDA requested that additional
preclinical toxicology, additional information and clarifications on manufacturing, and clinical development plans. The requested additional
information and clarifications were completed and incorporated into the IND in eCTD format. We filed the IND amendment in June 2018 and
announced on November 1, 2018, that the FDA granted approval of the IND and the Company was authorized to initiate a first-in-human Phase
1 study with GTB-3550 in AML, MDS, and severe mastocytosis. The Phase 1 clinical trial was initiated in September 2019 and closed in
September 2021. 

Targeting
Solid Tumors and Other Potentially Attractive Characteristics 

Unlike
full-length antibodies, TriKE is composed of a single-chain fusion protein that binds the CD16 receptor of NK cells directly
producing a potentially more potent and lasting response as demonstrated by preclinical studies. An additional benefit due to the smaller
size of TriKE is enhanced biodistribution which we expect to be important in the treatment of solid tumors. In addition
to these potential advantages, TriKE is designed to be non-immunogenic, have appropriate clearance properties and can
be engineered quickly to target a variety of tumor antigens. We believe these attributes make them an ideal pharmaceutical platform for
potentiated NK cell-based immunotherapies and have the potential to overcome some of the limitations of CAR-T therapy and other antibody
therapies. 

Examples
of our earlier stage solid tumor targeting product candidates are focused on CD33, B7-H3, Her2, CD19, CLEC12A, CD22, and CD133
alone and in combination. We believe these constructs have the potential to target prostate, breast, colon, ovarian, liver, and head
and neck cancers. Depending on the availability of drug supply, we hope to initiate human clinical testing for certain of our solid tumor
product candidates in 2023. 

Efficient
Advancement of Potential Future Product Candidates Production and Scale Up 

We
are using our TriKE platform with the intent to bring to market multiple immuno-oncology products that can treat a range
of hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. The platforms are scalable, and we are currently working with a third-party product manufacturer
investigating the optimal GMP production expression system for TriKE constructs. 

We
believe TriKE s will have the ability, if approved for marketing, to be used as both monotherapy and in combination with
standard-of-care therapies. 

4 

Immuno-Oncology
Product Candidates 

GTB-3550 

GTB-3550
was our first TriKE product candidate. It reflected our first-generation TriKE platform. It is a single-chain,
tri-specific scFv recombinant fusion protein conjugate composed of the variable regions of the heavy and light chains of anti-CD16 and
anti-CD33 antibodies and a modified form of IL-15. We studied this anti-CD16-IL-15-anti-CD33 TriKE in CD33 positive leukemias,
a marker expressed on tumor cells in acute myelogenous leukemia, or AML, myelodysplastic syndrome, or MDS. CD33 is primarily a myeloid
differentiation antigen with endocytic properties broadly expressed on AML blasts and, possibly, some leukemic stem cells. CD33 or Siglec-3
(sialic acid binding Ig-like lectin 3, SIGLEC3, SIGLEC3, gp67, p67) is a transmembrane receptor expressed on cells of myeloid lineage.
It is usually considered myeloid-specific, but it can also be found on some lymphoid cells. The anti-CD33 antibody fragment used for
these studies was derived from the M195 humanized anti-CD33 scFV and has been used in multiple human clinical studies. It has been exploited
as target for therapeutic antibodies for many years. We believe the recent approval of the antibody-drug conjugate gemtuzumab validates
this targeted approach. 

GTB-3550
is being replaced by a more potent next-generation camelid nanobody TriKE , GTB-3650, targeting relapsed/refractory
Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) and high-risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS). 

About
High-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes 

Myelodysplastic
Syndromes is a rare form of bone marrow-related cancer caused by irregular blood cell production within the bone marrow. As a result
of this irregular production, MDS patients do not have sufficient normal red blood cells, white blood cells and/or platelets in circulation.
High-risk MDS is associated with poor prognosis, diminished quality of life, and a higher chance of transformation to acute myeloid leukemia.
The goals of therapy are to reduce disease associated symptoms and the risk of disease progression and death, thereby improving both
quality and quantity of life. United States incidence of MDS is estimated to be 10,000 cases per year, although the condition is thought
to be under diagnosed. The prevalence has been estimated to be from 60,000 to 170,000 in the United States. Approximately 40 of patients
with High-Risk MDS transform to AML, another aggressive cancer with poor outcomes. 

About
Acute Myeloid Leukemia 

Acute
myeloid leukemia is a type of cancer in which the bone marrow makes abnormal myeloblasts (a type of white blood cell), red blood cells,
or platelets. The median age at the time of diagnosis is 65 69 years. AML is an aggressive disease and is fatal without anti-leukemic
treatment. Among patients treated with chemotherapy, 65 to 80 achieve complete remission. Despite a plethora of novel agents that have
been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration since 2017 for treatment of AML, once complete remission (CR) is achieved, approximately
50 of patients age 

5 

About
GTB-3550 TriKE Clinical Trial 

We
opened our GTB-3550 Phase 1 clinical trial in September 2019 and enrolled our first patient in January 2020. Patients with CD33+ malignancies
(primary induction failure or relapsed AML with failure of one reinduction attempt or high-risk MDS progressed on two lines of therapy)
age 18 and older were eligible (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT03214666). The primary endpoint is to identify the maximum tolerated
dose (MTD) of GTB-3550 TriKE . Correlative objectives include the number, phenotype, activation status and function of
NK cells and T cells. From January, 2020 until September, 2021 twelve patients received escalating doses of GTB-3550 in the Phase 1 trial.
The results of this trial were presented at several conferences in 2021. To summarize, the therapy was overall well tolerated and safe.
There were no serious cases of cytokine release syndrome observed. Four of twelve patients had transient reductions in bone marrow leukemic
blast cells. Correlative studies showed activation, proliferation, and persistence of functionally active endogenous NK cells. The results
of our first generation GTB-3550 Phase 1 clinical trial support our plans to advance the next generation camelid nanobody into the clinic. 

The
Next Generation of Camelid Nanobody TriKE s 

Our
goal is to be a leader in immuno-oncology therapies targeting a broad range of indications including hematological malignancies and solid
tumors. A key element of our strategy includes introducing a next-generation camelid nanobody platform. Camelid antibodies (often referred
as nanobodies) are smaller than human immunoglobulin and consist of two heavy chains. These nanobodies have the potential to have greater
affinity to target antigens, potentially resulting in greater potency. GT Biopharma is utilizing this camelid antibody structure for
all its new TriKE product candidates. 

Generation
of humanized single-domain antibody targeting CD16 for incorporation into the TriKE platform 

To
develop second generation TriKE s, we designed a new humanized CD16 engager derived from a single-domain antibody. While
scFvs consist of a heavy and a light variable chain joined by a linker, single-domain antibodies consist of a single variable heavy chain
capable of engaging without the need of a light chain counterpart (see figure below). 

These
single-domain antibodies are thought to have certain attractive features for antibody engineering, including physical stability, ability
to bind deep grooves, and increased production yields, amongst others. Pre-clinical studies demonstrated increased NK cell activation
against CD33+ targets including NK cell degranulation CD107a+) and IFNg with the single-domain CD16 TriKE (cam 16-wt15-33;
GTB-3650) compared to the original TriKE (scFv16-m 15-33; GTB-3550) (see figure below). These data were published by
Felices M et al (2020) in Cancer Immunol Res. 

6 

CD33+
HL60 Targets 

GTB-3650 

GTB-3650
is a CD33 targeted TriKE which targets CD33 on the surface of myeloid leukemias. We are advancing GTB-3650 through
preclinical studies and anticipate filing an Investigational New Drug (IND) application in the first half of 2023. We further
anticipate starting a study targeting patients with relapsed/refractory AML and high grade MDS by the end of 2023. 

GTB-5550 

GTB-5550
is a B7-H3 targeted TriKE which targets B7-H3 on the surface of advanced solid tumors. We are advancing GTB-5550
through preclinical studies and have initiated a GMP manufacturing campaign in anticipation of filing an IND in the late second half
of 2023 and starting a study targeting patients with B7-H3 positive solid tumors in the first half of 2024. 

Oncology
Markets 

Acute
Myeloid Leukemia and Myelodysplastic Syndromes 

AML
is a heterogeneous hematologic stem cell malignancy in adults with incidence rate of 4.3 per 100,000 populations. The median age at
the time of diagnosis is 68 years. AML is an aggressive disease and is fatal without anti-leukemic treatment. AML is the most common
form of adult leukemia in the U.S. These patients will require frontline therapy, usually chemotherapy including cytarabine and an anthracycline,
a therapy that has not changed in over 40 years. Myelodysplastic syndromes are a heterogeneous group of myeloid neoplasms characterized
by dysplastic features of erythroid/myeloid/megakaryocytic lineages, progressive bone marrow failure, a varying percentage of blast cells,
and enhanced risk to evolve into acute myeloid leukemia. It is estimated that over 10,000 new cases of MDS are diagnosed each year and
there are minimal treatment options; other estimates have put this number higher. In addition, the incidence of MDS is rising for unknown
reasons. 

B7-H3
Positive Solid Tumors 

The
B7-H3 protein, which functions as a checkpoint inhibitor, has been identified in many of the most common solid tumor cancers, including
but not limited to bladder, breast, cervical, colorectal, endometrial, esophageal, gastric, glioma, kidney, liver, lung, pancreatic,
prostate, head and neck cancer, and melanoma. In recent studies, B7-H3 has been identified as a critical promoter of tumor cell proliferation,
migration, invasion, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, cancer stemness and drug resistance. Because this protein does not seem to
be expressed in normal cells, this makes it an attractive target for therapeutic intervention. 

7 

Manufacturing 

We
do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or commercial quantities of any of our product
candidates. We rely on a third-party contract manufacturing operation to produce and/or test our compounds and expect to continue to
do so to meet the preclinical and clinical requirements of our potential product candidates as well as for our future commercial needs.
We do not have long-term commitments with a third-party product manufacturer. We require in our manufacturing and processing agreements
that third-party product manufacturers produce intermediates, active pharmaceutical ingredients, or API, and finished products in accordance
with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), and all other applicable laws and regulations. We maintain confidentiality
agreements with potential and existing manufacturers to protect our proprietary rights related to our drug candidates. 

Patents
and Trademarks 

Immuno-oncology
platform 

TriKE 
 Patents 

On
August 24, 2021, two patents were issued by the US Patent Office covering our pipeline of clinical and non-clinical product candidates
consisting of tri-specific killer engagers, or TriKE s, designed to target natural killer, or NK, cells and tumor or virus
infected cells forming an immune synapse between the NK cell and the tumor cell thereby inducing NK cell activation at that site. The
patents broadly include TriKE s that target the CD16 receptor, which includes the more potent camelid nanobody sequence,
an IL-15 activating domain, and any targeting domain. 

University
of Minnesota License Agreements 

2016
Exclusive Patent License Agreement 

We
are party to an exclusive worldwide license agreement with the Regents of the University of Minnesota, UofMN to further
develop and commercialize cancer therapies using TriKE technology developed by researchers at the UofMN to target NK
cells to cancer. Under the terms of the 2016 agreement, we received exclusive rights to conduct research and to develop, make, use, sell,
and import TriKE technology worldwide for the treatment of any disease, state or condition in humans. We are responsible
for obtaining all permits, licenses, authorizations, registrations and regulatory approvals required or granted by any governmental authority
anywhere in the world that is responsible for the regulation of products such as the TriKE technology, including without
limitation the FDA and the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products in the European Union. Under the agreement, the University
of Minnesota received an upfront payment of 200,000, annual license maintenance fees of 100,000 beginning in 2021, 4 royalty fees
(not to exceed 6 under subsequent license agreements or amendments to this agreement), upon sale of a licensed product or a minimum
annual royalty payment ranging from 250,000 to 5.0 million. The agreement also includes certain milestone payments totaling 3.1 million,
and one-time sales milestone payments of 1.0 million upon reaching 250 million in gross sales and 5.0 million upon reaching 500 million
in cumulative gross sales of licensed products. 

2021
Exclusive License Agreement 

On
March 26, 2021, we entered into an agreement with the UofMN specific to the B7H3 targeted TriKE . Under the agreement,
the UofMN received an upfront license fee of 20,000, and will receive annual license maintenance fees of 5,000 beginning in 2022, 2.5 
to 5 royalty fees or minimum annual royalty payments of 250,000 beginning in the first year after the first commercial sale of licensed
product, and 2.0 million beginning in the fifth year after the first commercial sale of licensed product. The agreement also includes
certain milestone payments totaling 3.1 million and one-time sales milestone payments of 1.0 million upon reaching 250 million in
gross sales, and 5.0 million upon reaching 500 million in cumulative gross sales of licensed products. There is no double payment intended;
if one of the milestone payments has been paid under the 2016 agreement, no further payment is due for the corresponding milestone above. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

At
the date of this Annual Report, we have 2 full-time employees and eight consultants to carry on our operations. Many of our activities are outsourced to consultants who provide
services to us on a project basis. As business activities require and capital resources permit, we will hire additional employees to
fulfill our Company s needs. 

Form
and Year of Organization 

In
1965, the corporate predecessor of GT Biopharma, Diagnostic Data, Inc., was incorporated in the State of California. Diagnostic Data
changed its incorporation to the State of Delaware in 1972, and changed its name to DDI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 1985. In 1994, DDI Pharmaceuticals
merged with International BioClinical, Inc. and Bioxytech S.A. and changed its name to OXIS International, Inc. On July 17, 2017, we
amended our Certificate of Incorporation for the purpose of changing our name from Oxis International, Inc. to GT Biopharma, Inc. 

Available Information 

We post our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, free of charge, on the Investors section of our public website (www.gtbiopharma.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC . In addition, you can read our SEC filings over the Internet at the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. Further, our references
to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

8 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition
to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock.
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be harmed. In that case, the
trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose part or all of your investment. In the opinion of management, the risks
discussed below represent the material risks known to the company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition and operating results and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
business is at an early stage of development and we may not develop therapeutic products that can be commercialized. 

Our
business is at an early stage of development. We do not have immune-oncology products in late stage clinical trials. We are still in
the early stages of identifying and conducting research on potential therapeutic products. Our potential therapeutic products will require
significant research and development and pre-clinical and clinical testing prior to regulatory approval in the United States and other
countries. We may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals, enter clinical trials for any of our product candidates, or commercialize
any products. Our product candidates may prove to have undesirable and unintended side effects or other characteristics adversely affecting
their safety, efficacy or cost effectiveness that could prevent or limit their use. Any product using any of our technology may fail
to provide the intended therapeutic benefits or achieve therapeutic benefits equal to or better than the standard of treatment at the
time of testing or production. 

We
have a history of operating losses and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and we may never generate revenue
or achieve profitability. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported a net loss of 20.9 million and as of December 31, 2022 and had an
accumulated deficit of 674.5 million. We have not generated any revenue to date and are not profitable, and have incurred losses in
each year since our inception. We do not expect to generate any product sales or royalty revenues for the foreseeable future. We
expect to incur significant additional operating losses for the foreseeable future as we expand research and development and
clinical trial efforts. 

Our
ability to achieve long-term profitability is dependent upon obtaining regulatory approvals for our products and successfully commercializing
our products alone or with third parties. However, our operations may not be profitable even if any of our products under development
are successfully developed and produced and thereafter commercialized. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be
able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. 

Even
if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we expect to continue to incur substantial research and development
and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on
the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and
will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 

We
will need additional capital to conduct our operations and develop our products, and our ability to obtain the necessary funding is uncertain. 

We
have used a significant amount of cash since inception to finance the continued development and testing of our product candidates, and
we expect to need substantial additional capital resources to develop our product candidates going forward and launch and commercialize
any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval. 

9 

We
may not be successful in generating and/or maintaining operating cash flow, and the timing of our capital expenditures and other expenditures
may not result in cash sufficient to sustain our operations through the commercialization of our product candidates. If financing is
not sufficient and additional financing is not available or available only on terms that are detrimental to our long-term survival, it
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to function. The timing and degree of any future capital requirements
will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 accuracy of the assumptions underlying our estimates for capital needs in 2023 and beyond; 

scientific
 and clinical progress in our research and development programs; 

the
 magnitude and scope of our research and development programs and our ability to establish, enforce and maintain strategic arrangements
 for research, development, clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing; 

our
 progress with pre-clinical development and clinical trials; 

the
 time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; 

the
 costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims; and 

the
 number and type of product candidates that we pursue. 

Additional
financing through strategic collaborations, public or private equity or debt financings or other financing sources may not be available
on acceptable terms, or at all. Additional equity financing could result in significant dilution to our stockholders, and any debt financings
will likely involve covenants restricting our business activities. Further, if we obtain additional funds through arrangements with collaborative
partners, these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, product candidates or products that we
would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize on our own. 

If
sufficient capital is not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or product
development initiatives, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or business prospects. 

Our
research and development costs could exceed our projections requiring us to significantly modify our planned operations. 

Our
currently projected expenditures for 2023 include approximately 10.2 million for research and development. The actual cost
of our programs could differ significantly from our current projections if we change our planned development process. In the event that
actual costs of our clinical program, or any of our other ongoing research activities, are significantly higher than our current estimates,
we may be required to significantly modify our planned level of operations. 

The
successful development of any product candidate is highly uncertain. It is difficult to reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing
and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of, or the period in which material net cash inflows are expected to commence
from any product candidate, due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing drugs. Any failure to complete any
stage of the development of products in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and
liquidity. 

We
previously identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. While we have worked to remedy these weaknesses,
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our
financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which
would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure
controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal control could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

We
previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as a company, which resulted in unauthorized
transactions involving our assets and common stock. As defined in Regulation 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the
Exchange Act, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will
not be prevented, or detected on a timely basis. 

We
have taken measures to mitigate the issues identified and implement a functional system of internal controls over financial reporting.
However, such controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with such policies or procedures
may deteriorate, which could result in the discovery of additional material weaknesses and deficiencies. In any event, the process of
determining whether our existing internal control over financial reporting is compliant with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or
Section 404, and sufficiently effective requires the investment of substantial time and resources, including by certain members of our
senior management. 

We
are required, pursuant to Section 404, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. However, for as long as we are a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public
accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section
404. While we could be a smaller reporting company for an indefinite amount of time, and thus relieved of the above-mentioned attestation
requirement, an independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could detect problems that
our management s assessment might not. Such undetected material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could
lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 

Our
intellectual property may be compromised. 

Part
of our value going forward depends on the intellectual property rights that we have been and are acquiring. There may have been many
persons involved in the development of our intellectual property, and we may not be successful in obtaining the necessary rights from
all of them. It is possible that in the future, third parties may challenge our intellectual property rights. We may not be successful
in protecting our intellectual property rights. In either event, we may lose the value of our intellectual property, and if so, our business
prospects may suffer. 

If
our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be
able to compete effectively in our market and our business would be harmed. 

We
rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related
to our technologies. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our trade secret or other confidential information could
enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding any competitive advantage we may derive
from this information. 

10 

The
strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain.
The patent applications we own or license may fail to result in issued patents in the United States or in foreign countries. Third parties
may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of any issued patents we own or license or any applications that may be issued as
patents in the future, which may result in those patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Even if they are unchallenged,
our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from developing similar products
that do not fall within the scope of our patents. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we hold or pursue
is threatened, our ability to commercialize any product candidates with technology protected by those patents could be threatened. Further,
if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the time during which we would have patent protection for any covered product candidates
that obtain regulatory approval would be reduced. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential
for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain at the time of filing that we are the first to file any patent application related
to our product candidates. 

In
addition to the protection afforded by patents, we seek to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect
proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our discovery
platform and drug development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents or
not amenable to patent protection. Although we require all of our employees and certain consultants and advisors to assign inventions
to us, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information
or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, our trade secrets and other proprietary information may be disclosed or competitors
may otherwise gain access to such information or independently develop substantially equivalent information. Further, the laws of some
foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result,
we may encounter significant difficulty in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If
we are unable to prevent material disclosure of the trade secret intellectual property related to our technologies to third parties,
we may not be able to establish or maintain the competitive advantage that we believe is provided by such intellectual property, which
could materially adversely affect our market position and business and operational results. 

Claims
that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others may prevent or delay our drug discovery and development efforts. 

Our
research, development and commercialization activities, as well as any product candidates or products resulting from those activities,
may infringe or be accused of infringing a patent or other form of intellectual property under which we do not hold a license or other
rights. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents
of which we are currently unaware, with claims that cover the use or manufacture of our product candidates or the practice of our related
methods. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later
result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim
that use of our technologies infringes one or more claims of these patents. If our activities or product candidates infringe the patents
or other intellectual property rights of third parties, the holders of such intellectual property rights may be able to block our ability
to commercialize such product candidates or practice our methods unless we obtain a license under the intellectual property rights or
until any applicable patents expire or are determined to be invalid or unenforceable. 

Defense
of any intellectual property infringement claims against us, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense
and would be a significant diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against
us, we may have to pay substantial damages, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, limit our business to avoid the infringing
activities, pay royalties and/or redesign our infringing product candidates or methods, any or all of which may be impossible or require
substantial time and monetary expenditure. Further, if we were to seek a license from the third-party holder of any applicable intellectual
property rights, we may not be able to obtain the applicable license rights when needed or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
The occurrence of any of the above events could prevent us from continuing to develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates
and our business could materially suffer. 

11 

We
may desire, or be forced, to seek additional licenses to use intellectual property owned by third parties, and such licenses may not
be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

A
third party may hold intellectual property, including patent rights, that are important or necessary to the development of our product
candidates, in which case we would need to obtain a license from that third party or develop a different formulation of the product that
does not infringe upon the applicable intellectual property, which may not be possible. Additionally, we may identify product candidates
that we believe are promising and whose development and other intellectual property rights are held by third parties. In such a case,
we may desire to seek a license to pursue the development of those product candidates. Any license that we may desire to obtain or that
we may be forced to pursue may not be available when needed on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any inability to secure a license
that we need or desire could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

The
patent protection covering some of our product candidates may be dependent on third parties, who may not effectively maintain that protection. 

While
we expect that we will generally seek to gain the right to fully prosecute any patents covering product candidates we may in-license
from third-party owners, there may be instances when platform technology patents that cover our product candidates remain controlled
by our licensors. If any of our current or future licensing partners that retain the right to prosecute patents covering the product
candidates we license from them fail to appropriately maintain that patent protection, we may not be able to prevent competitors from
developing and selling competing products or practicing competing methods and our ability to generate revenue from any commercialization
of the affected product candidates may suffer. 

We
may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming
and unsuccessful. 

Competitors
may infringe our patents or the patents of our current or potential licensors. To attempt to stop infringement or unauthorized use, we
may need to enforce one or more of our patents, which can be expensive and time-consuming and distract management. If we pursue any litigation,
a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensor s is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party
from using the relevant technology on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. Further, the legal systems
of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, which could reduce the likelihood
of success of any infringement proceeding we pursue in any such jurisdiction. An adverse result in any infringement litigation or defense
proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could
put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, which could limit our ability to exclude competitors from directly competing with
us in the applicable jurisdictions. 

Interference
proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the U.S. PTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect
to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology
or to attempt to license rights to use it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer
us a license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may
result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 

If
we are unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining patent protection for intellectual property in development, our business and competitive
position would be harmed. 

We
are seeking patent protection for some of our technology and product candidates. Patent prosecution is a challenging process and is not
assured of success. If we are unable to secure patent protection for our technology and product candidates, our business may be adversely
impacted. 

In
addition, issued patents and pending international applications require regular maintenance. Failure to maintain our portfolio may result
in loss of rights that may adversely impact our intellectual property rights, for example by rendering issued patents unenforceable or
by prematurely terminating pending international applications. 

12 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

In
addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and product candidates, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how,
technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We currently, and expect in the future to continue
to, seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such
as our employees, collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. Despite these efforts, any of
these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able
to obtain adequate remedies for any such disclosure. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret
is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United
States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently
developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they disclose the trade secrets, from using that
technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor,
our competitive position would be harmed. 

If
we fail to meet our obligations under our license agreements, we may lose our rights to key technologies on which our business depends. 

Our
business depends in part on licenses from third parties. These third-party license agreements impose obligations on us, such as payment
obligations and obligations to diligently pursue development of commercial products under the licensed patents. If a licensor believes
that we have failed to meet our obligations under a license agreement, the licensor could seek to limit or terminate our license rights,
which could lead to costly and time-consuming litigation and, potentially, a loss of the licensed rights. During the period of any such
litigation, our ability to carry out the development and commercialization of potential products could be significantly and negatively
affected. If our license rights were restricted or ultimately lost, our ability to continue our business based on the affected technology
platform could be severely adversely affected. 

We
will have to hire additional employees to carry on our business operations. If we are unable to hire qualified personnel, we may not
be able to implement our business strategy. 

We currently have two
full-time employees and eight consultants to carry on our operations. Our interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of
the Board provides his services through a consulting arrangement. The
loss of the services of any of our employees or consultants could delay our product development programs and our research and
development efforts. In order to develop our business in accordance with our business strategy, we will have to hire additional
qualified personnel, including in the areas of manufacturing, clinical trials management, regulatory affairs, finance, discovery
biology, and business development. We will need to raise sufficient funds to hire and retain the necessary employees and
consultants. 

Moreover,
there is intense competition for a limited number of qualified personnel among biopharmaceutical, biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other
businesses. Many of the other pharmaceutical companies against which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other
resources, different risk profiles, longer histories in the industry and greater ability to provide valuable cash or stock incentives
to potential recruits than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of
these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than what we are able to offer as an early-stage company. If we
are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize product
candidates will be limited. 

We
depend on key personnel for our continued operations and future success, and a loss of certain key personnel could significantly hinder
our ability to move forward with our business plan. 

Because
of the specialized nature of our business, we are highly dependent on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain highly qualified
scientific and technical personnel for the research and development activities we conduct or sponsor. The loss of one or more key executive
officers, scientific or operational team members would be significantly detrimental to us. In addition, recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific personnel to perform research and development work is critical to our success. Our anticipated growth and expansion into areas
and activities requiring additional expertise, such as discovery biology, clinical testing, regulatory compliance, manufacturing and
compliance, will require the addition of new management personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing management
personnel. There is intense competition for qualified personnel in the areas of our present and planned activities. Accordingly, we may
not be able to continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel, which would adversely affect the development of our business. 

13 

We
may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming
ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

Many
of our employees were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors
or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in
their work for us, with contractual provisions and other procedures, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have used
or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s former employers.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against any such claims. 

In
addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property
to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party
who in fact contributes to the development of intellectual property that we regard as our own. Further, the terms of such assignment
agreements may be breached and we may not be able to successfully enforce their terms, which may force us to bring claims against third
parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of intellectual property rights we may regard and treat
as our own. 

Our
employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements,
which could cause our business to suffer. 

We
are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with
regulations of governmental authorities, such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or the European Medicines Agency, or EMA,
to provide accurate information to the FDA or EMA, to comply with manufacturing standards we have established, to comply with federal,
state and international healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations as they may become applicable to our operations, to report financial
information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use
of information obtained during clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is
not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we currently take and the procedures we may establish
in the future as our operations and employee base expand to detect and prevent this type of activity may not be effective in controlling
unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from
a failure by our employees to comply with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful
in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations,
including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

Our
reliance on the activities of our non-employee consultants, research institutions and scientific contractors, whose activities are not
wholly within our control, may lead to delays in development of our proposed products. 

We
rely extensively upon and have relationships with scientific consultants at academic and other institutions, some of whom conduct research
at our request, and other consultants with expertise in clinical development strategy or other matters. These consultants are not our
employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to
us. We have limited control over the activities of these consultants and, except as otherwise required by our collaboration and consulting
agreements to the extent they exist, can expect only limited amounts of their time to be dedicated to our activities. These research
facilities may have commitments to other commercial and non-commercial entities. We have limited control over the operations of these
laboratories and can expect only limited amounts of time to be dedicated to our research goals. 

It
may take longer to complete our clinical trials than we project, or we may not be able to complete them at all. 

For
budgeting and planning purposes, we have projected the date for the commencement, continuation and completion of our various clinical
trials. However, a number of factors, including scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions, and difficulties
in identifying and enrolling patients who meet trial eligibility criteria, may cause significant delays. We may not commence or complete
clinical trials involving any of our products as projected or may not conduct them successfully. 

We
expect to rely on medical institutions, academic institutions or clinical research organizations to conduct, supervise or monitor some
or all aspects of clinical trials involving our products. We will have less control over the timing and other aspects of these clinical
trials than if we conducted them entirely on our own. If we fail to commence or complete, or experience delays in, any of our planned
clinical trials, our stock price and our ability to conduct our business as currently planned could be harmed. 

14 

Clinical
drug development is costly, time-consuming and uncertain, and we may suffer setbacks in our clinical development program that could harm
our business. 

Clinical
drug development for our product candidates is costly, time-consuming and uncertain. Our product candidates are in various stages of
development and while we expect that clinical trials for these product candidates will continue for several years, such trials may take
significantly longer than expected to complete. In addition, we, the FDA, an institutional review board, or IRB, or other regulatory
authorities, including state and local agencies and counterpart agencies in foreign countries, may suspend, delay, require modifications
to or terminate our clinical trials at any time, for various reasons, including: 

discovery
 of safety or tolerability concerns, such as serious or unexpected toxicities or side effects or exposure to otherwise unacceptable
 health risks, with respect to study participants; 

lack
 of effectiveness of any product candidate during clinical trials or the failure of our product candidates to meet specified endpoints; 

delays
 in subject recruitment and enrollment in clinical trials or inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients in clinical trials
 to ensure adequate statistical ability to detect statistically significant treatment effects; 

difficulty
 in retaining subjects and volunteers in clinical trials; 

difficulty
 in obtaining the Institutional Review Board s IRB approval for studies to be conducted at each clinical trial
 site; 

inadequacy
 of or changes in our manufacturing process or the product formulation or method of delivery; 

delays
 or failure in reaching agreement on acceptable terms in clinical trial contracts or protocols with prospective contract research
 organizations, CROs ), clinical trial sites and other third-party contractors; 

inability
 to add a sufficient number of clinical trial sites; 

uncertainty
 regarding proper formulation and dosing; 

failure
 by us, our employees, our CROs or their employees or other third-party contractors to comply with contractual and applicable regulatory
 requirements or to perform their services in a timely or acceptable manner; 

scheduling
 conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions; 

failure
 to design appropriate clinical trial protocols; 

inability
 or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols; 

difficulty
 in maintaining contact with subjects during or after treatment, which may result in incomplete data; or 

changes
 in applicable laws, regulations and regulatory policies. 

15 

If
we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, those clinical trials could take longer than expected
to complete and our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 

We
may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient
number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or similar regulatory
authorities outside the United States. In particular, because we are focused on patients with molecularly defined cancers, our pool of
suitable patients may be smaller and more selective and our ability to enroll a sufficient number of suitable patients may be limited
or take longer than anticipated. In addition, some of our competitors have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that treat
the same indications as our product candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll
in clinical trials of our competitors product candidates. 

Patient
enrollment for any of our clinical trials may also be affected by other factors, including without limitation: 

the
 severity of the disease under investigation; 

the
 frequency of the molecular alteration we are seeking to target in the applicable trial; 

the
 eligibility criteria for the study in question; 

the
 perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

the
 extent of the efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

the
 patient referral practices of physicians; 

the
 ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; and 

the
 proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients. 

Our
inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays and could require us to
abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for
our product candidates, and we may not have or be able to obtain sufficient cash to fund such increased costs when needed, which could
result in the further delay or termination of the trial. 

Consistent
with our general product development strategy, we intend to design future trials for our product candidates to include some patients
with the applicable clinical characteristics, stage of therapy, molecular alterations, biomarkers, and/or cell surface antigens that
determine therapeutic options, or are indicators of the disease, with a view to assessing possible early evidence of potential therapeutic
effect. If we are unable to locate and include such patients in those trials, then our ability to make those early assessments and to
seek participation in FDA expedited review and approval programs, including breakthrough therapy and fast track designation, or otherwise
to seek to accelerate clinical development and regulatory timelines, could be compromised. 

16 

We
have limited clinical testing and regulatory capabilities, and human clinical trials are subject to extensive regulatory
requirements, which are very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. Our products may fail to achieve
necessary safety and efficacy endpoints during clinical trials, which may limit our ability to generate revenues from therapeutic
products. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to invest or develop resources for clinical trials successfully or as expediently as necessary.
In particular, human clinical trials can be very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to
rigorous regulatory requirements. The clinical trial process is time consuming. We estimate that clinical trials of our product candidates
will take at least several years to complete. Furthermore, failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and we could encounter problems
that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. The commencement and completion of clinical trials may be affected by several factors,
including: 

unforeseen
 safety issues; 

determination
 of dosing issues; 

inability
 to demonstrate effectiveness during clinical trials; 

slower
 than expected rates of patient recruitment; 

inability
 to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; and 

inability
 or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols. 

In
addition, we or the FDA, may suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that we are exposing participants to unacceptable
health risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in our investigational new drug application, or IND, submissions or the conduct of these
trials. 

We
are subject to extensive regulation, which can be costly and time consuming and can subject us to unanticipated delays. even if we obtain
regulatory approval for some of our products, those products may still face regulatory difficulties. 

All
of our potential products, processing and manufacturing activities, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA in the United
States and by comparable authorities in other countries. The process of obtaining FDA and other required regulatory approvals, including
foreign approvals, is expensive and often takes many years and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of
the products involved. In addition, regulatory agencies may lack experience with our technologies and products, which may lengthen the
regulatory review process, increase our development costs and delay or prevent their commercialization. 

If
we violate regulatory requirements at any stage, whether before or after we obtain marketing approval, the FDA may take enforcement action(s)
against us, which could include issuing a warning or untitled letter, placing a clinical hold on an ongoing clinical trial, product seizure,
enjoining our operations, refusal to consider our applications for pre-market approval, refusal of an investigational new drug application,
fines, or even civil or criminal liability, any of which could materially harm our reputation and financial results. Additionally, we
may not be able to obtain the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the promotion of our products. We may also be required to undertake
post marketing trials to provide additional evidence of safety and effectiveness. In addition, if we or others identify side effects
after any of our adoptive therapies are on the market, or if manufacturing problems occur, regulators may withdraw their approval and
reformulations, additional clinical trials, changes in labeling of our products, and additional marketing applications may be required. 

Any
of the following factors, among others, could cause regulatory approval for our product candidates to be delayed, limited or denied: 

the
 product candidates require significant clinical testing to demonstrate safety and effectiveness before applications for marketing
 approval can be filed with the FDA and other regulatory authorities; 

data
 obtained from pre-clinical and nonclinical animal testing and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways, and regulatory
 authorities may not agree with our respective interpretations or may require us to conduct additional testing; 

negative
 or inconclusive results or the occurrence of serious or unexpected adverse events during a clinical trial could cause us to delay
 or terminate development efforts for a product candidate; and/or 

FDA
 and other regulatory authorities may require expansion of the size and scope of the clinical trials. 

Any
difficulties or failures that we encounter in securing regulatory approval for our product candidates would likely have a substantial
adverse impact on our ability to generate product sales, and could make a search for a collaborative partner more difficult. 

17 

Obtaining
regulatory approval even after clinical trials that are believed to be successful is an uncertain process. 

Even
if we complete our planned clinical trials and believe the results were successful, obtaining regulatory approval is a lengthy, expensive
and uncertain process, and the FDA or other regulatory agencies may delay, limit or deny approval of any of our applications for pre-market
approval for many reasons, including: 

we
 may not be able to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction that our product candidates are safe and effective for any indication; 

the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance or clinical significance required by the FDA for approval; 

the
 FDA may disagree with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of our clinical trials; 

the
 FDA may not find the data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials sufficient to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits
 of our product candidates outweigh their safety risks; 

the
 FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data from pre-clinical studies or clinical trials, or may not accept data generated at
 our clinical trial sites; 

the
 data collected from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission
 of applications for regulatory approval; 

the
 FDA may have difficulties scheduling an advisory committee meeting in a timely manner, or the advisory committee may recommend against
 approval of our application or may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional pre-clinical studies or
 clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling, or distribution and use restrictions; 

the
 FDA may require development of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy as a condition of approval; 

the
 FDA may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into
 agreements for clinical and commercial supplies; 

the
 FDA may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations that adversely affect our applications for pre-market approval; and 

the
 FDA may require simultaneous approval for both adults and for children and adolescents delaying needed approvals, or we may have
 successful clinical trial results for adults but not children and adolescents, or vice versa. 

Before
we can submit an application for regulatory approval in the United States, we must conduct a pivotal, registrational trial. We will also
need to agree on a protocol with the FDA for a clinical trial before commencing the trial. Registrational clinical trials frequently
produce unsatisfactory results even though prior clinical trials were successful. Therefore, even if the results of our early phase trials
are successful, the results of the additional trials that we conduct may or may not be successful. Further, our product candidates may
not be approved even if they achieve their primary endpoints in registrational clinical trials. The FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities
may disagree with our trial design and our interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials. Any of these regulatory
authorities may change requirements for the approval of a product candidate even after reviewing and providing comments or advice on
a protocol for a clinical trial. The FDA or other regulatory agencies may require that we conduct additional clinical, nonclinical, manufacturing
validation or drug product quality studies and submit those data before considering or reconsidering the application. Depending on the
extent of these or any other studies, approval of any applications that we submit may be delayed by several years, or may require us
to expend more resources than we have available. It is also possible that additional studies, if performed and completed, may not be
considered sufficient by the FDA or other regulatory agencies. 

18 

In
addition, the FDA or other regulatory agencies may also approve a product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we request,
may impose significant limitations related to use restrictions for certain age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications or
may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials or risk mitigation requirements. 

We
will continue to be subject to extensive FDA regulation following any product approvals, and if we fail to comply with these regulations,
we may suffer a significant setback in our business. 

Even
if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will continue to be subject to the requirements of
and review by, the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in the areas of manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, adverse
event reporting, labeling, advertising and promotional activities, among other things. In addition, any marketing approval we receive
may be limited in terms of the approved product indication or require costly post-marketing testing and surveillance. Discovery after
approval of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or manufacturing process, or a failure to comply with regulatory
requirements, may result in enforcement actions such as: 

warning
 letters or other actions requiring changes in product manufacturing processes or restrictions on product marketing or distribution; 

product
 recalls or seizures or the temporary or permanent withdrawal of a product from the market; 

suspending
 any ongoing clinical trials; 

temporary
 or permanent injunctions against our production operations; 

refusal
 of our applications for pre-market approval or an investigational new drug application; and 

fines,
 restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue, the imposition of civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 

The
occurrence of any of these actions would likely cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Many
of our business practices are subject to scrutiny and potential investigation by regulatory and government enforcement authorities, as
well as to lawsuits brought by private citizens under federal and state laws. We could become subject to investigations, and our failure
to comply with applicable law or an adverse decision in lawsuits may result in adverse consequences to us. If we fail to comply with
U.S. healthcare laws, we could face substantial penalties and financial exposure, and our business, operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

While
payment is not yet available from third-party payors (government or commercial) for our product, our goal is to obtain such coverage
as soon as possible after product approval and commercial launch in the U.S. If this occurs, the availability of such payment would mean
that many healthcare laws would place limitations and requirements on the manner in which we conduct our business (including our sales
and promotional activities and interactions with healthcare professionals and facilities) and could result in liability and exposure
to us. In some instances, our interactions with healthcare professionals and facilities that occurred prior to commercialization could
have implications at a later date. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, among others: (i) the federal healthcare
programs Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering
or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase,
order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare or Medicaid;
(ii) federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be
presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply
to entities like us under theories of implied certification where the government and qui tam relators may allege that device
companies are liable where a product that was paid for by the government in whole or in part was promoted off-label, lacked
necessary approval, or failed to comply with good manufacturing practices or other laws; (iii) transparency laws and related reporting
and/or disclosures such as the Sunshine Act; and/or (iv) state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback
and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, many of
which differ from their federal counterparts in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us,
we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs,
damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of
our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of our being found in violation
of these laws is increased by the fact that their provisions are open to a variety of evolving interpretations and enforcement discretion.
Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal
expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 

19 

Both
federal and state government agencies have heightened civil and criminal enforcement efforts. There are numerous ongoing investigations
of healthcare pharmaceutical companies and others in the healthcare space, as well as their executives and managers. In addition, amendments
to the Federal False Claims Act, have made it easier for private parties to bring qui tam (whistleblower) lawsuits against companies
under which the whistleblower may be entitled to receive a percentage of any money paid to the government. In addition, the Affordable
Care Act amended the federal civil False Claims Act to provide that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation
of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. Penalties
include substantial fines for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because
of the act of that person or entity and/or exclusion from the Medicare program. In addition, a majority of states have adopted similar
state whistleblower and false-claims provision. There can be no assurance that our activities will not come under the scrutiny of regulators
and other government authorities or that our practices will not be found to violate applicable laws, rules and regulations or prompt
lawsuits by private citizen relators under federal or state false claims laws. Any future investigations of our business
or executives, or enforcement action or prosecution, could cause us to incur substantial costs, and result in significant liabilities
or penalties, as well as damage to our reputation. 

Laws
impacting the U.S. healthcare system are subject to a great deal of uncertainty, which may result in adverse consequences to our business. 

There
have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system, reduce the costs of healthcare and change
medical reimbursement policies. Doctors, clinics, hospitals and other users of our products may decline to purchase our products to the
extent there is uncertainty regarding coverage from government or commercial payors. Further proposed legislation, regulation and policy
changes affecting third-party reimbursement are likely. Among other things, Congress has in the past proposed changes to and the repeal
of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care and Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the
 Affordable Care Act ), and lawsuits have been brought challenging aspects of the law at various points. There have been
repeated recent attempts by Congress to repeal or replace the Affordable Care Act. At this time, it remains unclear whether there will
be any changes made to or any repeal or replacement of the Affordable Care Act, with respect to certain of its provisions or in its entirety.
We are unable to predict what legislation or regulation, if any, relating to the health care industry or third-party coverage and reimbursement
may be enacted in the future at the state or federal level, or what effect such legislation or regulation may have on us. Denial of coverage
and reimbursement of our products, or the revocation or changes to coverage and reimbursement policies, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates. 

A
key element of our strategy is to use and expand our product platform to build a pipeline of product candidates and progress those product
candidates through clinical development for the treatment of a variety of different types of cancer. Even if we are successful in building
a product pipeline, the potential product candidates that we identify may not be suitable for clinical development for a number of reasons,
including causing harmful side effects or demonstrating other characteristics that indicate a low likelihood of receiving marketing approval
or achieving market acceptance. If our methods of identifying potential product candidates fail to produce a pipeline of potentially
viable product candidates, then our success as a business will be dependent on the success of fewer potential product candidates, which
introduces risks to our business model and potential limitations to any success we may achieve. 

20 

Our
product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval,
limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 

Additionally,
if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused
by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw approvals of such product; 

regulatory
 authorities may require additional warnings on the product s label; 

we
 may be required to create a medication guide for distribution to patients that outlines the risks of such side effects; 

we
 could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our
 reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and
could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

We
may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication that does not produce any commercially viable
products and may fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater
likelihood of success. 

Because
we have limited financial and managerial resources, we must focus our efforts on particular research programs and product candidates
for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications
that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Further, our resource allocation decisions may result in our use of funds for
research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications that may not yield any commercially viable products.
If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable
rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been
more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. Any such failure to improperly
assess potential product candidates could result in missed opportunities and/or our focus on product candidates with low market potential,
which would harm our business and financial condition. 

Our
products may be expensive to manufacture, and they may not be profitable if we are unable to control the costs to manufacture them. 

Our
products may be significantly more expensive to manufacture than we expect or than other therapeutic products currently on the market
today. We hope to substantially reduce manufacturing costs through process improvements, development of new methods, increases in manufacturing
scale and outsourcing to experienced manufacturers. If we are not able to make these, or other improvements, and depending on the pricing
of the product, our profit margins may be significantly less than that of other therapeutic products on the market today. In addition,
we may not be able to charge a high enough price for any product we develop, even if they are safe and effective, to make a profit. If
we are unable to realize significant profits from our potential product candidates, our business would be materially harmed. 

21 

We
currently lack manufacturing capabilities to produce our therapeutic product candidates at commercial-scale quantities and do not have
an alternate manufacturing supply, which could negatively impact our ability to meet any future demand for the product. 

We
expect that we would need to significantly expand our manufacturing capabilities to meet potential demand for our therapeutic product
candidates, if approved. Such expansion would require additional regulatory approvals. Even if we increase our manufacturing capabilities,
it is possible that we may still lack sufficient capacity to meet demand. 

We
do not currently have any alternate supply for our products. If the facilities where our products are currently being manufactured or
equipment were significantly damaged or destroyed, or if there were other disruptions, delays or difficulties affecting manufacturing
capacity or availability of drug supply, including, but not limited to, if such facilities are deemed not in compliance with current
Good Manufacturing Practice, or GMP, requirements, future clinical studies and commercial production for our products would likely be
significantly disrupted and delayed. It would be both time-consuming and expensive to replace this capacity with third parties, particularly
since any new facility would need to comply with the regulatory requirements. 

Ultimately,
if we are unable to supply our products to meet commercial demand, whether because of processing constraints or other disruptions, delays
or difficulties that we experience, our production costs could dramatically increase and sales of our products and their long-term commercial
prospects could be significantly damaged. 

To
be successful, our proposed products must be accepted by the healthcare community, which can be very slow to adopt or unreceptive to
new technologies and products. 

Our
proposed products and those developed by our collaborative partners, if approved for marketing, may not achieve market acceptance since
hospitals, physicians, patients or the medical community in general may decide not to accept and use these products. The products that
we are attempting to develop represent substantial departures from established treatment methods and will compete with a number of more
conventional therapies manufactured and marketed by major pharmaceutical companies. The degree of market acceptance of any of our developed
products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

our
 establishment and demonstration to the medical community of the clinical efficacy and safety of our proposed products; 

our
 ability to create products that are superior to alternatives currently on the market; 

our
 ability to establish in the medical community the potential advantage of our treatments over alternative treatment methods; and 

reimbursement
 policies of government and third-party payers. 

If
the healthcare community does not accept our products for any of these reasons, or for any other reason, our business would be materially
harmed. 

Our
business is based on novel technologies that are inherently expensive and risky and may not be understood by or accepted in the marketplace,
which could adversely affect our future value. 

The
clinical development, commercialization and marketing of immuno-oncology therapies are at an early-stage, substantially research-oriented,
and financially speculative. To date, very few companies have been successful in their efforts to develop and commercialize an immuno-oncology
therapeutic product. In general, such products may be susceptible to various risks, including undesirable and unintended side effects,
unintended immune system responses, inadequate therapeutic efficacy, or other characteristics that may prevent or limit their approval
or commercial use. Furthermore, the number of people who may use such therapies is difficult to forecast with accuracy. Our future success
is dependent on the establishment of a significant market for such therapies and our ability to capture a share of this market with our
product candidates. 

Our
development efforts with our therapeutic product candidates are susceptible to the same risks of failure inherent in the development
and commercialization of therapeutic products based on new technologies. The novel nature of immuno-oncology therapeutics creates significant
challenges in the areas of product development and optimization, manufacturing, government regulation, third-party reimbursement and
market acceptance. For example, the FDA has relatively limited experience regulating such therapies, and there are few approved treatments
using such therapy. 

22 

Our
competition includes fully integrated biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies that have significant advantages over us. 

The
market for therapeutic immuno-oncology products is highly competitive. We expect that our most significant competitors will be fully
integrated and more established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies or institutions, including major multinational pharmaceutical
companies, biotechnology companies and universities and other research institutions. These companies are developing similar products,
and they have significantly greater capital resources and research and development, manufacturing, testing, regulatory compliance, and
marketing capabilities. Many of these potential competitors may be further along in the process of product development and also operate
large, company-funded research and development programs. As a result, our competitors may develop more competitive or affordable products,
or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization than we are able to achieve. Competitive products may render any products
or product candidates that we develop obsolete. 

Many
of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we do, such as larger research and development
staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in certain of our competitors. As a result, these companies may be able
to obtain regulatory approval more rapidly than we can and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products. Smaller or
early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established
companies. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability
of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing drug products that are
more effective or less costly to produce or purchase on the market than any product candidate we are currently developing or that we
may seek to develop in the future. If approved, our product candidates will face competition from commercially available drugs as well
as drugs that are in the development pipelines of our competitors. 

Established
pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of or in-license novel compounds that could make
our product candidates less competitive. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling
advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful.
Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA, EMA or other regulatory approval, or discovering,
developing and commercializing medicines before we do, which would have a material adverse impact on our business and ability to achieve
profitability from future sales of our approved product candidates, if any. 

If
competitors develop and market products that are more effective, safer or less expensive than our product candidates or offer other advantages,
our commercial prospects will be limited. 

Our
therapeutic immuno-oncology (IO) development programs face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies engaged in drug discovery
activities or funding, both in the United States and abroad. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of drugs and other
therapies that target the same diseases and conditions that we are targeting with our product candidates. According to Global Data, Thematic
Research: Immuno-Oncology (March 2021), as of December 2020, there are 4,822 industry-sponsored clinical trials for immuno-oncology with
422 drugs in development. Phase 2 trials constitute the majority of the IO pipeline, followed by early-stage molecules in Phase 1/2 and
Phase 1. For late-stage pipeline products, 484 clinical trials are ongoing in Phase 3, and 51 are in Phase 2/3 development. There are
currently 22 marketed immuno-oncology agents. Cancer vaccine products lead the category with 9 products followed by checkpoint modulators
with 8 approved drugs. The indications with the most marketed IO agents in the United States are metastatic melanoma and non-small cell
lung cancer, with 6 approved products each. The market value of bispecific antibodies, cancer vaccines, checkpoint modulators, cell therapies,
and oncolytic viruses globally has increased sharply in the past 10 years with nearly 29 billion in 2019 compared to 370 million in
2010 . 

23 

As
a general matter, we also face competition from many companies that are researching and developing cell therapies. Many of these companies
have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly greater
experience in testing pharmaceutical and other therapeutic products, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals, and marketing and
selling. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we also will be competing with respect to manufacturing
efficiency and marketing capabilities, areas in which we have limited or no commercial-scale experience. Mergers and acquisitions in
the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated by our competitors. Competition
may increase further as a result of advances made in the commercial applicability of our technologies and greater availability of capital
for investment in these fields. 

If
we are unable to keep up with rapid technological changes in our field or compete effectively, we will be unable to operate profitably. 

We
are engaged in activities in the biotechnology field, which is characterized by extensive research efforts and rapid technological progress.
If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to technological developments, our ability to operate profitably could suffer. Research
and discoveries by other biotechnology, pharmaceutical or other companies may render our technologies or potential products or services
uneconomical or result in products superior to those we develop. Similarly, any technologies, products or services we develop may not
be preferred to any existing or newly developed technologies, products or services. 

We
may not be able to obtain third-party patient reimbursement or favorable product pricing, which would reduce our ability to operate profitably. 

Our
ability to successfully commercialize certain of our proposed products in the human therapeutic field may depend to a significant degree
on patient reimbursement of the costs of such products and related treatments at acceptable levels from government authorities, private
health insurers and other organizations, such as health maintenance organizations. Reimbursement in the United States or foreign countries
may not be available for any products we may develop, and, if available, may be decreased in the future. Also, reimbursement amounts
may reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products with a consequent harm to our business. We cannot predict what additional regulation
or legislation relating to the healthcare industry or third-party coverage and reimbursement may be enacted in the future or what effect
such regulation or legislation may have on our business. If additional regulations are overly onerous or expensive, or if healthcare-related
legislation makes our business more expensive or burdensome than originally anticipated, we may be forced to significantly downsize our
business plans or completely abandon our business model. 

We
may be subject to litigation that will be costly to defend or pursue and uncertain in its outcome. 

Our
business may bring us into conflict with our licensees, licensors or others with whom we have contractual or other business relationships,
or with our competitors or others whose interests differ from ours. If we are unable to resolve those conflicts on terms that are satisfactory
to all parties, we may become involved in litigation brought by or against us. That litigation is likely to be expensive and may require
a significant amount of management s time and attention, at the expense of other aspects of our business. The outcome of litigation
is always uncertain, and in some cases could include judgments against us that require us to pay damages, enjoin us from certain activities,
or otherwise affect our legal or contractual rights, which could have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

We
are exposed to the risk of liability claims, for which we may not have adequate insurance. 

Since
we participate in the pharmaceutical industry, we may be subject to liability claims by employees, customers, end users and third parties.
We intend to obtain proper insurance, however, there can be no assurance that any liability insurance we purchase will be adequate to
cover claims asserted against us or that we will be able to maintain such insurance in the future. We intend to adopt prudent risk-management
programs to reduce these risks and potential liabilities, however, we have not taken any steps to create these programs and have no estimate
as to the cost or time required to do so and there can be no assurance that such programs, if and when adopted, will fully protect us.
We may not be able to put risk management programs in place, or obtain insurance, if we are unable to retain the necessary expertise
and/or are unsuccessful in raising necessary capital in the future. Our failure to obtain appropriate insurance, or to adopt and implement
effective risk-management programs, as well as any adverse rulings in any legal matters, proceedings and other matters could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

24 

Preclinical
and clinical trials are conducted during the development of potential products and other treatments to determine their safety and efficacy
for use by humans. Notwithstanding these efforts, when our treatments are introduced into the marketplace, unanticipated side effects
may become evident. Manufacturing, marketing, selling and testing our product candidates under development or to be acquired or licensed,
entails a risk of product liability claims. We could be subject to product liability claims if our product candidates, processes, or
products under development fail to perform as intended. Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds in litigation
and the diversion of management time and resources, and could damage our reputation and impair the marketability of our product candidates
and processes. While we plan to maintain liability insurance for product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain or maintain such
insurance at a commercially reasonable cost. If a successful claim were made against us, and we lacked insurance or the amount of insurance
were inadequate to cover the costs of defending against or paying such a claim or the damages payable by us, we would experience a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
could be subject to product liability lawsuits based on the use of our product candidates in clinical testing or, if obtained, following
marketing approval and commercialization. If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities
and may be required to cease clinical testing or limit commercialization of our product candidates. 

We
could be subject to product liability lawsuits if any product candidate we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise
unsuitable for human use during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations
of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and
a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves
against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates,
if approved. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual
outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our product candidates; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

initiation
 of investigations by regulators; 

costs
 to defend the related litigation; 

a
 diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss
 of revenues from product sales; and 

the
 inability to commercialize our product candidates. 

Our
inability to retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims
could prevent or inhibit the clinical testing and commercialization of products we develop. We may wish to obtain additional such insurance
covering studies or trials in other countries should we seek to expand those clinical trials or commence new clinical trials in other
jurisdictions or increase the number of patients in any clinical trials we may pursue. We also may determine that additional types and
amounts of coverage would be desirable at later stages of clinical development of our product candidates or upon commencing commercialization
of any product candidate that obtains required approvals. However, we may not be able to obtain any such additional insurance coverage
when needed on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not obtain or retain sufficient product liability insurance, we could be responsible
for some or all of the financial costs associated with a product liability claim relating to our preclinical and clinical development
activities, in the event that any such claim results in a court judgment or settlement in an amount or of a type that is not covered,
in whole or in part, by any insurance policies we may have or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. We may not have,
or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay any such amounts that may not be covered by our insurance policies. 

25 

We
rely on third parties to conduct preclinical and clinical trials of our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully
carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 

We
rely, and expect to continue to rely, upon third-party CROs to execute our preclinical and clinical trials and to monitor and manage
data produced by and relating to those trials. However, we may not be able to establish arrangements with CROs when needed or on terms
that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could negatively affect our development efforts with respect to our drug product candidates
and materially harm our business, operations and prospects. 

We
will have only limited control over the activities of the clinical research organization (CRO) we will engage to conduct our clinical
trials. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol,
legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on any CRO does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. Based
on our present expectations, we, our CROs and our clinical trial sites are required to comply with good clinical practices (GCPs), for
all our product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors,
principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in
the applicable trial may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform
additional clinical trials before approving a product candidate for marketing, which we may not have sufficient cash or other resources
to support and which would delay our ability to generate revenue from any sales of such product candidate. In addition, our clinical
trials are required to be conducted with product produced in compliance with current good manufacturing practice requirements, or cGMPs.
Our or our CROs failure to comply with those regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would also require significant
cash expenditures and delay the regulatory approval process. 

Agreements
governing relationships with CROs generally provide those CROs with certain rights to terminate a clinical trial under specified circumstances.
If a CRO that we have engaged terminates its relationship with us during the performance of a clinical trial, we would be forced to seek
an engagement with a substitute CRO, which we may not be able to do on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all,
and the applicable trial would experience delays or may not be completed. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for
remedies available to us under any agreements we enter with them, we are unable to control whether or not they devote sufficient time
and resources to our clinical, nonclinical and preclinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or
obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is
compromised due to a failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may
be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, the affected
product candidates. As a result, our operations and the commercial prospects for the effected product candidates would be harmed, our
costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 

We
contract with third parties for the supply of product candidates for clinical testing and expect to contract with third parties for the
manufacturing of our product candidates for large-scale testing and commercial supply. This reliance on third parties increases the risk
that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could
delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

We
anticipate continuing our engagement of third parties to provide our clinical supply as we advance our product candidates into and through
clinical development, and we depend on third parties to produce and maintain sufficient quantities of material to supply our clinical
trials. If these third parties do not produce and maintain adequate supplies of clinical material, our development efforts could be significantly
delayed, or could incur substantially higher costs. We expect in the future to use third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates
for clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacture. We plan to enter into long-term supply agreements with several manufacturers
for commercial supplies. We may be unable to reach agreement on satisfactory terms with contract manufacturers to manufacture our product
candidates. Additionally, the facilities to manufacture our product candidates must be the subject of a satisfactory inspection before
the FDA or other regulatory authorities approve a marketing authorization for the product candidate manufactured at that facility. We
will depend on these third-party manufacturers for compliance with the FDA s and international regulatory authority requirements
for the manufacture of our finished products. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract
manufacturers for compliance with cGMPs. If our manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications
and the FDA and other regulatory authorities cGMP requirements, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval
for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate
quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve
these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find
alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market
our product candidates, if approved, and may subject us to recalls or enforcement action for products already on the market. 

26 

If
any of our product candidates are approved and contract manufacturers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of finished
product on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to find one or more replacement manufacturers capable
of production at a substantially equivalent cost, in substantially equivalent volumes and quality and on a timely basis, we would likely
be unable to meet demand for our products and could lose potential revenue. It may take several years to establish an alternative source
of supply for our product candidates and to have any such new source approved by the FDA or any other relevant regulatory authorities. 

We
currently have no marketing and sales force. If we are unable to establish effective marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements
with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may not be able to effectively market and sell our product candidates,
if approved, or generate product revenues. 

We
currently do not have a marketing or sales team for the marketing, sales and distribution of any of our product candidates that are able
to obtain regulatory approval. To commercialize any product candidates, we must build on a territory-by-territory basis marketing, sales,
distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and
we may not be successful in doing so. If our product candidates receive regulatory approval, we intend to establish an internal sales
and marketing team with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our product candidates, which will
be expensive and time consuming and will require significant attention of our executive officers to manage. Any failure or delay in the
development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of any of our
products that we obtain approval to market. With respect to the commercialization of all or certain of our product candidates, we may
choose to collaborate, either globally or on a territory-by-territory basis, with third parties that have direct sales forces and established
distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution
systems. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements when needed on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval or any such commercialization may experience delays or limitations.
If we are not successful in commercializing our product candidates, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third
parties, our future product revenue will suffer and we may incur significant additional losses. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to
damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While
we have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions
in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial
data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and we may incur
substantial costs to attempt to recover or reproduce the data. If any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to
our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and/or the
further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 

27 

Our
operations are vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters, power loss, terrorist activity and other events beyond our control, the
occurrence of which could materially harm our business. 

Businesses
located in California have, in the past, been subject to electrical blackouts as a result of a shortage of available electrical power,
and any future blackouts could disrupt our operations. We are vulnerable to a major earthquake, wildfire and other natural disasters,
and we have not undertaken a systematic analysis of the potential consequences to our business as a result of any such natural disaster
and do not have an applicable recovery plan in place. We do not carry any business interruption insurance that would compensate us for
actual losses from interruption of our business that may occur, and any losses or damages incurred by us could cause our business to
materially suffer. 

Epidemic
or pandemic outbreaks such as COVID-19 (coronavirus), natural disasters, whether or not caused by climate change, unusual weather conditions,
terrorist acts and political events, could disrupt business and result in halting our clinical trials and otherwise adversely affect
our financial performance. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods and earthquakes, unusual weather conditions,
epidemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events in certain regions where our operations are located could adversely
affect our business. Epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, such as COVID-19 (coronavirus) could impact our management and our ability to conduct
clinical trials. This also may affect the market conditions that would limit our ability to raise additional capital. This could have
a sustained material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

There
has been a limited public market for our common stock , and we do not know whether one will develop to provide you
adequate liquidity. Furthermore, the trading price for our common stock, should an active trading market develop, may be volatile and
could be subject to wide fluctuations in per-share price. 

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol GTBP historically, however, there
has been a limited public market for our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop
or be sustained. The liquidity of any market for the shares of our common stock will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the
 number of stockholders; 

our
 operating performance and financial condition; 

the
 market for similar securities; 

the
 extent of coverage of us by securities or industry analysts; and 

the
 interest of securities dealers in making a market in the shares of our common stock. 

Even
if an active trading market develops, the market price for our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations.
In addition, the price of shares of our common stock could decline significantly if our future operating results fail to meet or exceed
the expectations of market analysts and investors and actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results could negatively
affect our share price. 

Other
factors may also contribute to volatility of the price of our common stock and could subject our common stock to wide fluctuations. These
include, but are not limited to: 

developments
 in the financial markets and worldwide or regional economies; 

announcements
 of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

announcements
 by the government relating to regulations that govern our industry; 

significant
 sales of our common stock or other securities in the open market; 

variations
 in interest rates; 

changes
 in the market valuations of other comparable companies; and 

changes
 in accounting principles. 

28 

We may not be able to maintain compliance with
the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain
that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements including, without limitation, a requirement that our closing bid
price be at least 1.00 per share. On February 22, 2023, we received a deficiency letter from The
Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us
that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for our common stock had been below the minimum 1.00 per share
required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) Rule 5550(a)(2) ).
The Nasdaq deficiency letter had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock . In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have been given 180 calendar days, or until August 21, 2023, to regain compliance
with Rule 5550(a)(2). If at any time before August 21, 2023, the bid price of our common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a
minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Staff will provide written confirmation that we have achieved compliance and the matter will
be closed. If we do not regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) by August 21, 2023, we may be afforded a second 180 calendar day period
to regain compliance. To qualify, we would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares
and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, except for the minimum bid price requirement. In addition, we would
be required to provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intent to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. If we
fail to continue to meet all applicable continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market in the future and Nasdaq determines
to delist our common stock, the delisting could adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock, and our ability to obtain financing
to repay debt and fund our operations. 

Our
outstanding warrants may affect the market price of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 32.7 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding and warrants outstanding for the
purchase of up to 2,337,274 additional shares of common stock at an average exercise price of 5.30 per share, all of which are exercisable
as of the date of this Annual Report (subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations). The amount of common stock reserved for issuance
may have an adverse impact on our ability to raise capital and may affect the price and liquidity of our common stock in the public market.
In addition, the issuance of these shares of common stock will have a dilutive effect on current stockholders ownership. 

Because
our common stock may be deemed a penny stock, an investment in our common stock should be considered high-risk and subject
to marketability restrictions. 

Historically,
the trading price of our common stock has been 5.00 per share or lower, and deemed a penny stock, as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the
Exchange Act, and subject to the penny stock rules of the Exchange Act specified in rules 15g-1 through 15g-10. Those rules require broker dealers,
before effecting transactions in any penny stock, to: 

deliver
 to the customer, and obtain a written receipt for, a disclosure document; 

disclose
 certain price information about the stock; 

disclose
 the amount of compensation received by the broker dealer or any associated person of the broker dealer; 

send
 monthly statements to customers with market and price information about the penny stock; and 

in
 some circumstances, approve the purchaser s account under certain standards and deliver written statements to the customer
 with information specified in the rules. 

Consequently,
the penny stock rules may restrict the ability or willingness of broker dealers to sell the common stock and may affect the ability
of holders to sell their common stock in the secondary market and the price at which such holders can sell any such securities. These
additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional capital 

 in
the future. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and
sell our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer before recommending an investment to a customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some
customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common
stock, and thereby depress our price per share of common stock. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion
regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock may be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. We currently have research coverage by one securities analyst, and we may never obtain research coverage by additional
analysts. If no or few securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock may be negatively
affected. In the event that we receive additional securities or industry analyst coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us issue
an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if our operating
results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage
of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock
price or trading volume to decline. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may limit the ability of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

Delaware
law and our charter, bylaws, and other governing documents contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from
acquiring us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders, which could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, these
provisions could limit the price investors would be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

We
do not currently or for the foreseeable future intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the
development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. As a result, any return on your investment in our common stock will be limited to the appreciation in the price of our common
stock, if any. 

29 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

At
the date of the issuance of this Annual Report, we sublease offices comprising of 4,500 rentable square feet at 8000 Marina Blvd, Suite
100, Brisbane, CA 94005 under a sublease that expires on June 30, 2024. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In March 2023, the Company received a demand letter from an attorney representing
an alleged holder of a convertible note which alleges that the Company did not deliver shares of common stock that were due on conversion
in 2022. The demand letter contends that the Company is liable for per diem liquidated damages. The Company has denied liability and will
defend any such claim vigorously if asserted. 

On
May 13, 2022, the Company made a claim against Michael Handelman, its former Chief Financial Officer, asserting that he misappropriated
Company funds and shares of common stock, and failed to file the required SEC reports on Form 3 and Form 4 regarding each acquisition
and disposition of the Company s common stock. The Company seeks monetary damages estimated at 370,000; the return of shares of
our common stock received without authorization and the disgorgement of any profits earned from the sale of those shares; a full accounting
for all sums charged on the Company s debit card, with payment to the Company for any charges that cannot be demonstrated to have
a corporate purpose; an order directing Mr. Handelman to make all filings required by Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act; an award of all
sums and shares improperly issued to members of Mr. Handelman s family; and an award of the Company s attorneys fees
and any forum and arbitration fees. As a component of Mr. Handelman s contract with the Company, disputes shall be fully addressed
and finally resolved by binding arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in New York City, New York, in accordance
with its National Employment Dispute Resolution rules. In connection with any such arbitration, the Company shall bear all costs not
otherwise borne by a plaintiff in a court proceeding. The Company agrees that any decisions of the arbitration panel will be binding
and enforceable in any state in which the Company conducts the operation of its business. In accordance with California Labor Laws, the
Company has designated Los Angeles, California as the venue for this arbitration. The Company is waiting to receive a hearing date from
AAA. 

On March 3, 2021, a complaint was filed by Sheffield Properties in the
superior Court of California. County of Ventura. The litigation arose from a commercial lease entered into by GT Biopharma for office
space in Westlake Village. In July, 2021 we entered into settlement agreement with Sheffield Properties in the amount of 100,000 that
was paid in full on August 6, 2021. 

On
August 28, 2019, a complaint was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, West Judicial District, Santa Monica
Courthouse, Unlimited Civil Division by Jeffrey Lion and by Daniel Vallera, as individuals. The complaint was filed against GT Biopharma,
Inc. and its subsidiary Oxis Biotech, Inc. The Plaintiffs allege breach of a license agreement between the Plaintiffs and the Company
entered into on or about September 3, 2015. The Company filed an answer to the complaint denying many allegations and asserting affirmative
defenses. The Company reached a settlement of the case and paid on March 4, 2022, 425,000 in full and final settlement of the claims.
This amount was fully accrued at December 31, 2021 and paid on March 4, 2022. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol GTBP. Until May 2009, our common stock was
traded on the OTC Bulletin Board OTCBB under the symbol OXIS. From May 20, 2009 until March 11, 2010, our
common stock was traded on Pink OTC Markets Inc. trading platform under the symbol OXIS. From January 2015 to August 2017,
our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB under the OXIS trading symbol. From August 2017 to February 11, 2021, our common
stock was quoted on the OTCQB under the GTBP trading symbol. 

Our
common stock is also quoted on several European based exchanges including Berlin (GTBP.BE), Frankfurt (GTBP.DE), the Euronext (GTBP.NX)
and Paris, (GTBP.PA). The foregoing trading prices exclude trading on these foreign stock markets. 

Stockholders 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were 46 stockholders of record, which total does not include stockholders who hold their shares in street
name. The transfer agent for our common stock is ComputerShare, whose address is 8742 Lucent Blvd., Suite 225, Highland Ranch,
CO 80129. 

30 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock to date and do not anticipate that we will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any
payment of cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be dependent upon the amount of funds legally available, our earnings,
if any, our financial condition, our anticipated capital requirements and other factors that the Board of Directors may think are relevant.
However, we currently intend for the foreseeable future to follow a policy of retaining all of our earnings, if any, to finance the development
and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent
Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

The Company made the following issuances of its unregistered securities
pursuant exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) or 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

The
 Company issued 526,857 shares of common stock in accordance with various consulting agreements. 

The
 Company issued 1,222,281 shares of common stock in settlement of vendors payables. 

The
 Company issued 337,702 shares of common stock upon conversion of notes payable. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

We
did not repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Some of the statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from liability
established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our current
beliefs, goals and expectations about matters such as our expected financial position and operating results, our business strategy and
our financing plans. The forward-looking statements in this report are not based on historical facts, but rather reflect the current
expectations of our management concerning future results and events. The forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the
use of terms such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, 
 foresee, may, guidance, estimate, potential, outlook, 
 target, forecast, likely or other similar words or phrases. Similarly, statements that describe
our objectives, plans or goals are, or may be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be different from any future results,
performance and achievements expressed or implied by these statements. We cannot guarantee that our forward-looking statements will turn
out to be correct or that our beliefs and goals will not change. Our actual results could be very different from and worse than our expectations
for various reasons. You should carefully review all information, including the discussion of risk factors under Part I. Item
1A: Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. Any forward-looking statements in the Form 10-K are made only as of the
date hereof and, except as may be required by law, we do not have any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements contained
in this Form 10-K to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel immuno-oncology products based
off our proprietary Tri-specific Killer Engager (TriKE technology platform. Our TriKE platform generates
proprietary therapeutics designed to harness and enhance the cancer killing abilities of a patient s own natural killer cells,
or NK cells. Once bound to an NK cell, our moieties are designed to enhance the NK cell, and precisely direct it to one or more specifically-targeted
proteins expressed on a specific type of cancer cell or virus infected cell, ultimately resulting in the targeted cell s death.
TriKE is composed of recombinant fusion proteins and interleukin 15 (IL-15), can be designed to target any number of
tumor antigens on hematologic malignancies, sarcomas or solid tumors and do not require patient-specific customization. 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred an accumulated deficit of 674.5 million as of
December 31, 2022. On a consolidated basis, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 5.7 million and short-term investments of 10.8
million at December 31, 2022. We anticipate we will have to raise additional capital to fund our selling, general and administrative,
and research and development expenses until we have a marketable product. There are no assurances that we will be able to raise the funds
necessary to maintain our operations or to implement our business plan. The consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event we cannot continue our operations. 

31 

COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has
continued to spread, has adversely affected workforces, customers, economies, and financial markets globally. It has also disrupted the
normal operations of many businesses. This outbreak could decrease spending, adversely affect demand for the Company s products,
and harm the Company s business and results of operations. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company believes the COVID-19 pandemic did impact its operating results. However, the Company has
not observed any impairments of its assets or a significant change in the fair value of its assets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At this
time, it is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects
on the Company s business or results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 

The
Company has been following the recommendations of health authorities to minimize exposure risk for its team members, including the temporary
closure of its corporate office and having team members work remotely. Most vendors have transitioned to electronic submission of invoices
and payments. 

Corporate
Developments 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company appointed Manu Ohri as our Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Gavin Choy ceased serving as the Acting Chief
Financial Officer. 

Effective
March 2, 2022, the Company appointed Michael Breen as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Berk ceased serving as the Company s
Interim Chief Executive Officer, but continued to serve as its President of Research Development and Chief Medical Officer. 

On
June 9, 2022, Alan Urban joined as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
December 8, 2022, Dr. Berk s employment was terminated as the President of Research Development and Chief Medical Officer. 

On
December 14, 2022, the Company appointed Dr. Jeffrey Miller as our consulting Chief Medical Officer and consulting Chief Scientific Officer. 

32 

Issuance
of common stock in public offering 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company completed a public offering of 4,945,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 24.7 million, after
deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other direct offering expenses. As part of the offering, the Company also granted these
investors, warrants to purchase 5,192,250 shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at 5.50 per share and will
expire in five years. 

As
a result of the completion of the public offering and the successful listing of its shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market,
convertible notes with an aggregate principal amount of 33.3 million and accrued interest of 5.5 million, for a total of 38.8 million,
were mandatorily converted at its stated conversion rate of 3.40 per share into 11,413,322 shares of the Company s common stock.
The Company issued 11,086,024 shares of common stock to the note holders while the remaining 327,298 common shares, valued at 1.1 million,
were issuable at December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the remaining 327,298 common shares. In addition, the Company also issued an additional
10,404 shares of commons stock with a fair value of 35,000 as settlement to a noteholder. 

Cancellation
of common stock previously issued for services 

The
Company cancelled 290,999 previously issued shares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuance
of common stock as equity compensation to officers, employees and board of directors 

As
part of employment agreements with its former CEO and its former CFO Officers ), the Officers received a fully vested stock
grant equal to an aggregate of 10 and 1.5 of the fully diluted shares of common stock of the Company (calculated with the inclusion
of the current stock holdings of the CEO) upon conversion of options, warrants and Convertible Notes in association with a national markets
qualified financing as consideration for entering into the Agreement (with such stock to vest and be delivered within 30 days after the
national markets qualified financing). In addition, the Company also granted similar equity compensation to members of the Company s
board of directors wherein these directors received stock grants equal to 1 and 1.25 of the fully diluted shares of common stock of
the Company. Pursuant to the agreement, approximately 33 of the common stock to be issued vested immediately while the remaining 67 
vests over a period of two years. The Company has disputed the grants received by both executives. The disputes with the CEO were later resolved in a settlement. The disputes
with the CFO are subject to a pending arbitration, which includes a challenge to the validity of his employment agreement. 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company completed its equity offering and listed its shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As such,
4,379,407 shares of its common stock were granted to these Officers, employees and directors, which had a fair value of 18.6 million.
Since the grant of the common stock is subject to milestone or performance conditions, the Company measured the fair value of the common
stock on the respective date of the agreement, and such awards were recorded as compensation expense as the milestone or performance
condition was met and in accordance with its vesting terms. 

In
July 2022, the Company granted 378,058 shares of fully vested common stock with a fair value of 938,000 to certain officers of the Company
for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022,the Company issued 709,523 shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 2,522,000
to account the fair value of common stock that vested. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 44,818 unvested shares of common stock issued to officers, employees and directors with a fair value
of 206,035 that will be recognized as stock compensation expense in future periods pursuant to its vesting term. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 3,774,967 shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 16,983,000
to account the fair value of common stock that vested. 

Equity
compensation to consultants 

As
part of consulting agreements with certain consultants, the Company agreed to grant these consultants common stock equal to 1 and 3 
of the fully diluted shares of common stock of the Company upon conversion of options, warrants and Convertible Notes in association
with a national markets qualified financing as consideration for entering into the Agreement (with such stock to vest and be delivered
within 30 days after the national markets qualified financing). 

33 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company completed its equity offering and listed its shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As a
result of this offering, the Company agreed to issue to these consultants 2,850,090 shares of common stock with a grant date fair value
of 10.7 million, of which 1,934,817 shares of common stock vested immediately while the remaining 915,273, shares of common stock vests
over two years. Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, as the grant of the common stock is subject to milestone or performance conditions,
the Company measured the fair value of the common stock on the respective date of the agreement, and then such award is being recorded
as compensation expense based upon the vesting term of the grant. 

From
January 2021 to June 2021, the Company granted a total of 1,275,032 shares of common stock with a fair value of 7,119,000 to consultants
for services rendered. 

In
July 2022, the Company granted 20,882 shares of fully vested common stock with a fair value of 51,787 to R D consultants for services
rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 526,857 shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 2,092,000
to account the fair value of common stock that vested. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 46,343 unvested shares of common stock issued to consultants with a fair value of 162,664 that will
be recognized as stock compensation expense in future periods based upon their vesting term. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 3,082,406 shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 15,340,000
to account the fair value of common stock that vested. 

Cancellation
of common stock upon settlement with a former Officer 

On
April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its former Chief Executive Officer Officer and received
1,845,000 shares of its previously issued common stock in full and final settlement of all its claims against the Officer. The common
stock was subsequently cancelled and returned to treasury. In addition, the Company incurred legal and professional expenses of 224,243.
The legal and professional fees incurred were accounted as costs of the acquisition of the common stock and recorded as a reduction to
additional paid in capital. Both the Company and the Officer released each other from claims under the settlement agreement. 

Significant
Agreements 

TriKE 
 Agreement 

In
June 2017, we entered into a co-development partnership agreement with Altor BioScience Corporation in which we will collaborate exclusively
in the clinical development of a novel 161533 (GTB-3550) TriKE fusion protein for cancer therapies using our TriKE 
 technology. The GTB-3550 Phase 1 clinical trial for treatment of patients with CD33-expressing, high risk myelodysplastic syndromes
and refractory/relapsed acute myeloid leukemia opened for patient enrollment September 2019 and completed enrollment in September 2021.
The results of our first generation GTB-3550 Phase 1 clinical trial support our plans to advance the next generation camelid nanobody
into the clinic, and as such, no further clinical development will ensue with GTB-3550. 

University
of Minnesota Scientific Research Agreement 

We
are a party to a scientific research agreement with the Regents of the University of Minnesota, effective June 16, 2021. This scientific
research agreement aims to work with the Company with three major goals in mind: (1) support the Company s TriKE 
product development and GMP manufacturing efforts; (2) TriKE pharmacokinetics optimization in humans; and, (3) investigation
of the patient s native NK cell population based on insights obtained from the analysis of the human data generated during our
GTB-3550 clinical trial. The major deliverables proposed here are: (1) creation of IND enabling data for TriKE constructs
in support of our product development and GMP manufacturing efforts; (2) TriKE platform drug delivery changes to allow
transition to alternative drug delivery means and extended PK in humans; and, (3) gain an increased understanding of changes in the patient s
native NK cell population as a result of TriKE therapy. Most studies will use TriKE DNA/amino acid sequences
created by us under current UMN/GTB licensing terms. The term of this agreement shall expire on June 30, 2023. The University of Minnesota
shall use reasonable efforts to complete the project for a fixed sum of 2.1 million, of which 1.7 million has been incurred and recorded
as of December 31, 2022. 

34 

Subcontract
Manufacturing Agreement 

On
October 5, 2020, GT Biopharma entered into a Master Services Agreement with a third-party product manufacturer to perform biologic development
and manufacturing services on behalf of the Company. Associated with this, the Company has subsequently signed five Statements of Work SOWs for the research and development of products for use in clinical trials. On August 24, 2022, the Company entered
into a revised agreement with this third-party manufacturer and issued 1,222,281 shares of common stock with a fair value of 3.2 million
as part of a payment arrangement. The shares were valued at 2.66 per share based on the closing price of the Company s common
stock on the date of the agreement. As part of the revised agreement, the Company paid to this third-party manufacturer 3.3 million
in cash on specified dates. In addition, the Company and the third-party manufacturer agreed that services to be rendered in future periods,
as specified in the agreement, will be paid or settled at the Company s discretion, in a combination of cash and issuance of the
Company s common stock. The agreement also amended certain agreements executed in prior years which eliminated future financial
commitments of the Company. 

The
SOWs agreements totaled approximately 13.0 million, of which 7.5 million was incurred at that date and an additional 5.5 million
is in process. The Company was indebted 2.3 million to this third- party manufacturer as of December 31, 2022. 

Clinical
Trial Agreement 

In
September 2019, we executed clinical trial agreement with the Regents of the University of Minnesota, to commence enrollment in its first-in-human
GTB-3550 TriKE (CD16/IL-15/CD33) Phase 1, open-label, dose escalation clinical trial for the treatment of CD33-expressing,
high risk myelodysplastic syndromes, refractory/relapsed acute myeloid leukemia or advanced systemic mastocytosis. The clinical trial
was conducted at the University of Minnesota s Masonic Cancer Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota under the direction of Dr. Erica
Warlick and Dr. Mark Juckett. The primary objective of the trial was to determine safety and tolerability as well as the maximum tolerated
dose of GTB-3550 TriKE . The hypothesis was that GTB-3550 TriKE would induce natural killer cell function
by targeting malignant cells as well as CD33+ myeloid derived suppressor cells (MDSC) which contribute to tumor induced immunosuppression.
Because CD16 is a potent activating receptor on NK cells, this single agent GTB-3550 investigational agent may induce a targeted anti-CD33+
tumor response. The phase 1 trial was completed in September 2021. 

License
Agreements 

See
discussion of Patents and Licenses above under Item 1: Business 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Research
and Development Expenses 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 8.8 and 9.6 million of research and development expenses, respectively. Research
and development expenses related to our continued development and production of our most advanced TriKE product candidates GTB-3650
and GTB-5550 along with the progression on other promising product candidates, decreased over the previous year by approximately 780,000
primarily due to reduction in stock compensation to employees and consultants. We anticipate our direct clinical and preclinical expenses
to increase significantly in 2023 as we plan to advance our next generation GTB-3650
camelid nanobody product into the clinic. 

35 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 12.4 million and 47.9 million of selling, general and administrative
expenses, respectively. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to reduction in
payroll and stock compensation expenses of approximately 27.0 million, reduction in marketing, promotion and investor relations expense of 3.6 million, reduction in travel expense of 484,000, and reduction in legal, professional and advisory board fees of 1.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021.
The Company managed to reduce expenses by better managing and controlling its payroll costs, legal and consulting expenses in 2022.
During 2021, we incurred expenses that consisted primarily of personnel costs from our executive, legal, finance, and information
technology organizations and related expenditures, as well as third party professional fees and insurance for the uplisting of our
common shares on NASDAQ. Furthermore, the increase was due to the expenses incurred in support of our planned growth and new public
company compliance initiatives in fiscal year 2021. 

Other
Income/Expense 

Interest
income was 292,000 and 38,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest income increased primarily due
to the interest earned on short-term investments due to higher interest rates. 

We
recorded interest expense of 8,000 and 718,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in interest
expense was due to the conversion of convertible notes payable to common shares during 2021. We did not have any outstanding convertible
notes payable as of December 31, 2022. 

The
change in fair value of derivative liability was due to fair value remeasurement which resulted in a gain of 119,000 and 211,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
unrealized loss on marketable securities was due to fair value remeasurement of our marketable securities which resulted in a loss of
 30,000 and 29,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s current operations have focused on business planning, raising capital, establishing an intellectual property
portfolio, hiring, and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials. The Company does not have any product candidates approved
for sale and has not generated any revenue from product sales. The Company has sustained operating losses since inception and
expects such losses to continue over the foreseeable future. On January 4, 2023, the Company raised 6.5 million from an
institutional investor by selling 3.6 million shares of common stock, and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 2.9 million shares
of common stock. During 2021, the Company raised 24.7 million through issuance of common stock, raised 16.4 million through the
exercise of warrants and raised 1.2 million from a series of issuances of convertible notes. The Company reported 16.5 million of
cash and short-term investments at December 31, 2022 and raised an additional 6.5 million on January 4, 2023. We anticipate that we
will need cash of approximately 15.0 million for the next twelve months for selling, general and administrative expenses and
research and development expenses. We expect the cash and short-term investments totaling 23.0 million will be sufficient to fund
operations for the following 12 months, and anticipates raising additional funds when the Company embarks on Phase 1
trials. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. 

36 

The
Company has incurred substantial losses since inception to December 31, 2022. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until
such time, it can generate significant sales or revenue from out-licensing of its products currently in development. Substantial additional
financing will be needed by the Company to fund its operations and to commercially develop its product candidates. 

Management
is currently evaluating different strategies to obtain the required funding for future operations. These strategies may include but are
not limited to public offerings of equity and/or debt securities; and payments from potential strategic research and development, licensing
and/or marketing arrangements with other pharmaceutical companies. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
consider the following accounting policies to be critical given they involve estimates and judgments made by management and are important
for our investors understanding of our operating results and financial condition. 

Basis
of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Oxis Biotech, Inc. and Georgetown Translational Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

Accounting
Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include accruals for potential liabilities, assumptions used in deriving the
fair value of derivative liabilities, share-based compensation and valuation of deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for share-based awards to employees and nonemployees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation . Stock-based compensation cost is measured at fair value on the grant
date and that fair value is recognized as expense over the requisite service, or vesting period. 

The
Company values its equity awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and accounts for forfeitures when they occur. Use of the
Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions including expected volatility, expected term, and a risk-free
interest rate. The Company estimates volatility using its own historical stock price volatility. The expected term of the instrument
is estimated by using the simplified method to estimate expected term. The risk-free interest rate is estimated using comparable published
federal funds rates. 

Inflation 

We
believe that inflation has not had a material adverse impact on our business or operating results during the periods presented. 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

37 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This
company qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined in 17 C.F.R. 229.10(f) (1) and is not required to provide information
by this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Please
see the consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 located in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures 
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of December
31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Previously
Reported Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As
previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, we identified material weaknesses in the
Control Environment and Risk Assessment components as set forth by the committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. 

During
2022, we commenced a remediation plan with the goal of remediating the material weaknesses. In carrying out the remediation plan,
management modified existing key controls at a sufficient level of precision to identify, discuss, and address any segregation of
duties and reliance on outside consultants issues, risk of executive override and insufficient written policies and procedures for
accounting and financial reporting for the requirements and application of GAAP and SEC Guidelines. During the fourth quarter of
2022, we completed our testing of these control matrices and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the COSO framework. Based upon our evaluation, we concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are operating effectively
with a significant level of precision, and that the material weaknesses reported as of December 31, 2021 were fully remediated as of December
31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal accounting officers and effected by a company s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company 

Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our
company have been detected. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management, including our interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In making this assessment, we used the criteria
set forth by the COSO framework. Based upon our evaluation, we concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were operating
effectively with a significant level of precision as of December 31, 2022. 

38 

Attestation
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm, due to the deferral
allowed under the Jobs Act for small reporting companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than with respect to the remediation efforts discussed above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Although we have altered some work routines due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the
changes in our work environment, including remote work arrangements, have not materially impacted our internal controls over financial
reporting and have not adversely affected the Company s ability to maintain operations. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference
to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

39 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto are listed and included in this Annual Report beginning on
page F-1. The following documents are furnished as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 

Exhibit
 Description 

Form 

Date 

Number 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation as filed in Delaware September 10, 1996 and as thereafter amended through March 1, 2002 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 04/01/2002 
 
 3.A 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of GT Biopharma, Inc., dated February 9, 2011 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/31/2011

3.2 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of GT Biopharma, Inc., effective as of July 19, 2017 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 03/15/2018

3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of GT Biopharma, Inc., effective as of February 10, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/11/2021 
 
 3.1 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of GT Biopharma, Inc., effective June 13, 2022 

X 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of GT Biopharma, Inc., effective November 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/09/2022 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series J-1 Preferred Stock of GT Biopharma, Inc., dated April 3, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 04/04/2019 
 
 3.1 

4.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series K Preferred Stock of GT Biopharma, Inc., dated April 3, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 04/16/2021 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated July 18, 2016, between the Regents of the University of Minnesota and Oxis Biotech, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/11/2017 
 
 10.3 

10.2 
 
 License Agreement, dated September 3, 2015, among Daniel A. Vallera, Jeffrey Lion and Oxis Biotech, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/11/2017 
 
 10.4 

10.3 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated September 2019, between the Regents of the University of Minnesota and GT Biopharma, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/15/2020 
 
 10.7 

10.4 
 
 Note Conversion Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2017, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the holders of the convertible notes and debentures named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.5 

10.5 
 
 Amendment Agreement related to Note Conversion Agreement, dated October 10, 2017, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the holders of the convertible notes and debentures named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.8 

10.6 
 
 Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated August 29, 2017, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the warrant holders named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.6 

10.7 
 
 Amendment Agreement related to Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated October 10, 2017, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the warrant holders named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.9 

10.8 
 
 Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2017, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the holders of preferred stock named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.7 

10.9 
 
 Amendment Agreement related to Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, dated October 10, 2017, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the holders of preferred stock named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.10 

10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 9, 2017, among OXIS International, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/13/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Form of 10 Senior Convertible Debenture (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 9, 2017) 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/13/2017 
 
 10.2 

40 

10.12 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 9, 2017) 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/13/2017 
 
 10.3 

10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the buyers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/23/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the buyers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/23/2018 
 
 10.2 

10.15 
 
 Form of Senior Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2018) 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/23/2018 
 
 10.3 

10.16 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2018) 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/23/2018 
 
 10.4 

10.17 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 2, 2018, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/03/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.18 
 
 Form of 10 Senior Convertible Debenture (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 2, 2018) 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/03/2018 
 
 4.1 

10.19 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement, dated August 2, 2018, by the Pledgors named therein for the benefit of Grushko Mittman, P.C. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/14/2018 
 
 10.10 

10.20 
 
 Security Purchase Agreement, dated September 7, 2018, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/07/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.21 
 
 Form of 10 Senior Convertible Debenture (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 7, 2018) 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/07/2018 
 
 4.1 

10.22 
 
 Security Purchase Agreement, dated September 24, 2018, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/28/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.23 
 
 Form of 10 Senior Convertible Debenture (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 24, 2018) 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/28/2018 
 
 4.1 

10.24 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/06/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.25 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/06/2019 
 
 10.3 

10.26 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2019) 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/06/2019 
 
 4.1 

10.27 
 
 Security Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt, as collateral agent 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/06/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 05/24/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.29 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 22, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 05/24/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.30 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2019) 
 
 8-K 
 
 05/24/2019 
 
 4.1 

10.31 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 20, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/20/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.32 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 20, 2019, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/20/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.33 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 20, 2019) 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/20/2019 
 
 4.1 

10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2020, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchaser named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/15/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.35 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 30, 2020, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchaser named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/15/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.36 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2020) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/15/2020 
 
 10.3 

10.37 
 
 Form Securities Purchase Agreement among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchaser named therein (executed in April/May 2020) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/15/2020 
 
 10.4 

10.38 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchaser named therein (executed in April/May 2020) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/15/2020 
 
 10.5 

10.39 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement executed in April/May 2020) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/15/2020 
 
 10.6 

10.40 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchaser named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/09/2020 
 
 10.1 

41 

10.41 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchaser named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/09/2020 
 
 10.3 

10.42 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 7, 2020) 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/09/2020 
 
 4.1 

10.43 
 
 Form of Standstill and Forbearance Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, between the Company and certain holders of convertible notes and debentures 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/23/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.44 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated June 19, 2020, among GT Biopharma, Inc., Empery Asset Master Ltd., Empery Tax Efficient, LP and Empery Tax Efficient II, LP, Anthony Cataldo and Paul Kessler. 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/19/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.45 
 
 Form of Convertible Note, dated June 19, 2020 (related to Settlement Agreement, dated June 19, 2020) 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/19/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.46 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated June 19, 2020 (related to Settlement Agreement, dated June 19, 2020) 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/19/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.47 
 
 Consultant Agreement, dated February 14, 2018, among GT Biopharma, Inc., Georgetown Translational Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Anthony J. Cataldo 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/21/2018 
 
 10.3 

10.48 
 
 Employment agreement with Anthony Cataldo++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/14/2020 
 
 10.11 

10.49 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (related to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 16, 2020) 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/22/2020 
 
 4.1 

10.50 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 16, 2020, among GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/22/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.51 
 
 Master Services Agreement, dated October 5, 2020, between GT Biopharma, Inc. and Cytovance Biologics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/6/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.52 
 
 Form of First Amendment and Extension of Standstill and Forbearance Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/4/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.53 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/9/2020 
 
 4.1 

10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/9/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.55 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, by and among Adam Kasower, East Ventures, Inc., A British Virgin Islands company, SV Booth Investments III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Theorem Group, LLC, a California LLC and GT Biopharma Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 
 
 10.19 

10.56 
 
 Form of Settlement Note, dated November 9, 2020. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 
 
 10.20 

10.57 
 
 Board Service Agreement with Bruce Wendel, dated November 11, 2020++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 
 
 10.22 

10.58 
 
 Board Service Agreement with Greg Berk, dated November 11, 2020++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 
 
 10.23 

10.59 
 
 Consultant Agreement with Michael Handelman, dated November 13, 2020++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 
 
 10.24 

10.60 
 
 Form of Amendment to Convertible Note Standstill Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/23/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.61 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, by and among Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC - Segregated Master Portfolio B, Anthony Cataldo, Paul Kessler and GT Biopharma Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/28/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.62 
 
 Settlement Note, dated December 22, 2020, by GT Biopharma Inc. payable to Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC - Segregated Master Portfolio B. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/28/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.63 
 
 Form of Second Amendment and Extension of Standstill and Forbearance Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/1/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.64 
 
 Form of Amendment to Convertible Note, dated January 31, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/1/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.65 
 
 Board Service Agreement with Rajesh Shrotriya, dated January 12, 2021.++ 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/08/2021 
 
 10.69 

10.66 
 
 Board Service Agreement with Michael Breen, dated January 12, 2021. ++ 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/08/2021 
 
 10.70 

42 

10.67 
 
 Amendment
 to Settlement Note with Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC - Segregated Master Portfolio B. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/08/2021 
 
 10.71 

10.68 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement - December 2020 / January 2021 Notes 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/08/2021 
 
 10.72 

10.69 
 
 Form
 of December 2020 / January 2021 Note 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/08/2021 
 
 10.73 

10.70 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Anthony Cataldo, dated April 23, 2021.++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/17/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.71 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Michael Handelman, dated April 23, 2021.++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/17/2021 
 
 10.2 

10.72 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Dr. Gregory Berk, dated April 23, 2021.++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/17/2021 
 
 10.3 

10.73 
 
 Exclusive
 License Agreement with Regents of the University of Minnesota, dated March 26, 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/28/2022 
 
 10.73 

10.74 
 
 Research
 Agreement with Regents of the University of Minnesota, dated June 16, 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/28/2022 
 
 10.74 

10.75 
 
 Sublease
 Agreement dated November, 2021, between Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (Sublandlord) and GT Biopharma, Inc. (Subtenant) 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/28/2022 
 
 10.75 

10.76 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Michael Breen, entered into as of December 31, 2021 with an effective date of November 8, 2021. ++ 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/28/2022 
 
 10.76 

10.77 
 
 Board Service Agreement with Michael Breen dated November 11, 2020++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/16/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.78 
 
 Employment Agreement with Manu Ohri dated May 15, 2022++ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/16/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.79 
 
 Settlement and Investment Agreement dated August 24, 2022, by and between GT Biopharma, Inc. and Cytovance Biologics, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10/31/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.80 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 2022, by and between GT Biopharma, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/03/2023 
 
 10.1 

10.81 
 
 Form of Common Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/03/2023 
 
 4.1 

10.82 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/03/2023 
 
 4.2 

10.83 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/03/2023 
 
 4.3 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 14.1 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of GT Biopharma, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 21.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Weinberg Company, P.A. 

X 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (included on signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002. 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
 XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

++
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

T his certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

 The
Registrant has omitted portions of this exhibit that are both not material and the type of information that the Registrant treats as
private or confidential. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GT
 Biopharma, Inc. 

Dated:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/
 Manu Ohri 

Manu
 Ohri, Chief Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael Breen and Manu Ohri, and
each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution for him, and in his name in any and
all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done therewith, as
fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and any of them or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael Breen 
 
 Executive
 Chairman of the Board and 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 
 Michael
 Breen 
 
 Interim
Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Manu Ohri 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 
 Manu
 Ohri 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Bruce Wendel 
 
 Vice
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 
 Bruce
 Wendel 

/s/
 Rajesh Shrotriya 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 
 Rajesh
 Shrotriya, M.D. 

/s/
 Alan Unban 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Alan
 Urban 

44 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements of GT Biopharma, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Stockholders and Board of Directors of GT Biopharma, Inc. 

 Brisbane,
CA 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GT Biopharma, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Liquidity
Assessment 

As
described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis, as management believes that the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the
normal course of operations as they become due for a period of no less than 12 months from the date of issuance of these consolidated
financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 20.9 million and net cash used in operating
activities was 15.2 million. Management evaluates the Company s liquidity to determine if there is substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. In preparing this liquidity assessment, management applies significant judgment in estimating
future cash flow requirements of the Company based on budgets and forecasts, which includes developing assumptions related to (i) estimation
of amount and timing of cash outflows and cash inflows; and (ii) determining what future expenditures are committed and what could be
considered discretionary. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the liquidity assessment is a critical audit matter
are the significant judgments made by management in estimating the future cash flow requirements of the Company based on budgets and
forecasts and in developing the related assumptions. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in
performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s liquidity assessment and the development of assumptions included
in the estimated future cash flows. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since December 2020. 

. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

GT
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (In
Thousands, Except Par Value and Share Data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability, current 
 
 - 
 
 Line of credit 
 - 

Derivative liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Convertible Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized Series C - shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding as
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock issuable, shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

GT
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 (In
Thousands, Except Share Data) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development (including and of stock compensation to officers, directors and employees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Selling, general and administrative (including and of stock compensation to officers, directors and employees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other (Income) Expense 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Total Other (Income) Expense 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GT
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 (In
Thousands) 

Preferred Shares 
 Common Shares 
 Common Shares Issuable 
 Additional 
 Paid-in- 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

Extinguishment of debt discount upon adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Preferred Series J-1 to common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued upon mandatory conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in public offering, net of cost 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for research and development agreement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock as equity compensation to consultants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock as equity compensation to officers and board of directors 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative liability 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

# 

Cancellation of common stock previously issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancellation of common stock previously issued to prior CEO 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued upon conversion of notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock as equity compensation to officers, employees,
and board of directors 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock as equity compensation to consultants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in settlement of vendor payable 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - # 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GT
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In
Thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation consultants and research and development 

Stock based compensation - officers, employees and board of directors 

Stock based compensation - vested stock options 

Fair value of common stock issued to a noteholder as settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable issued for consulting services 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from extinguishment of line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(Increase) in deposits 
 
 - 
 
 (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Decrease in operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in accrued interest 
 - 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Sales (purchases) of investments 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Cancellation of common stock upon settlement with former officer 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 
 - 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Right-of-use assets exchanged for lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment of unamortized debt discount and adjustment to accumulated deficit
 upon adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 - 

Common stock issued upon conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 

Common stock issued upon settlement of vendor payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable reclassified to convertible notes 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative liabilities 
 - 

Conversion of Series J Preferred Stock to Common Stock 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

GT
Biopharma, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million of which 
million resulted from non-cash stock compensation, and used cash in operations of 
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had a cash and short-term investments balance of 
million at December 31, 2022. On January 4, 2023, the Company raised an additional 
million of cash through an equity issuance (see Note 11). Management anticipates that the 
million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments available following the stock issuance are adequate to satisfy the
liquidity needs of the Company for at least one year from the date the Company s 2022 consolidated financial statements are
issued. 

Historically,
the Company has financed its operations through public and private sales of common stock, issuance of preferred stock, issuance of
convertible debt instruments, and strategic collaborations. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure
additional financing on acceptable terms. In the event that the Company does not generate
sufficient cash flows from investing and financing activities, the Company will be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate some or all
of its discretionary spending, which could adversely affect the Company s business prospects, ability to meet long-term
liquidity needs or ability to continue operations. 

million. 

The
Company also invested its excess cash in commercial paper and corporate notes and bonds. Management generally determines the appropriate
classification of its investments at the time of purchase. We classify these investments as short-term investments as part of current
assets, based upon our ability and intent to use any and all of these investments as necessary to satisfy liquidity requirements that
may arise from our businesses. Investments are carried at fair value with the unrealized holding gains and losses reported in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, total short-term investments amounted to approximately million. 

at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 was based on Level 3 measurements. 

The
carrying amounts of the Company s other financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Options to purchase common stock 

Total anti-dilutive securities 

. 
Management believes that the financial institutions that hold the Company s cash are financially sound and, accordingly,
minimal credit risk exists. 

The
Company has a significant concentration of expenses incurred and accounts payable from a single vendor. Please see Note 4 for further
information. 

million
(see Note 5). 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting
for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options . ASU 2021-04 provides clarification
and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options
(such as warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. An issuer measures the effect of a modification or exchange
as the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification
or exchange. ASU 2021-04 introduces a recognition model that comprises four categories of transactions and the corresponding accounting
treatment for each category (equity issuance, debt origination, debt modification, and modifications unrelated to equity issuance and
debt origination or modification). ASU 2021-04 is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2021-04 using a prospective approach. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material
impact on the Company s present or future consolidated financial statements. 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Unrealized 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 

Cost 
 Gains 
 Losses 
 Value 
 
 Short-term investments 

Total 

Corporate notes and commercial paper 

Total financial assets 

1 
 2 
 3 
 4 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Money market funds 

Corporate notes and commercial paper 

Total financial assets 

Other
 accounts payable 

Total
 accounts payable 

The
Company relies on a third-party contract manufacturing operation to produce and/or test our compounds used in our potential product candidates. 

On October 5, 2020, the Company entered into a Master
Services Agreement with a third-party product manufacturer to perform biologic development and manufacturing services on behalf of the
Company. Associated with this, the Company has subsequently signed five Statements of Work for the research and development of products
for use in clinical trials. The Company s commitments in relation to these Statements of Work and any related Change Orders totaled
approximately million. There was no outstanding liability with this third-party product manufacturer as of December 31, 2020. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company recorded research and development expenses of 
million related to the services rendered by this third-party product manufacturer and paid .
In addition, the Company also issued 
shares of common stock with a fair value of 
million pursuant to this Master Services Agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance due to this third-party
product manufacturer amounted to million. 

On August 24, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement
with this third-party manufacturer and issued shares of common stock with a fair value of million as part of a payment
agreement. The shares were valued at per share based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the
agreement. As part of the agreement, the Company also paid this third-party manufacturer million on September 1, 2022, million
on October 3, 2022, and million in November 2022. In addition, the Company and the third-party manufacturer agreed that services
to be rendered in future periods, as specified in the agreement, will be paid or settled at the Company s discretion, in a combination
of cash and issuance of the Company s common stock. The agreement also amended certain agreements executed in prior years which
eliminated future financial commitments of the Company. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded research and development expenses in the aggregate of million for services rendered by this third-party product manufacturer
and made additional payments of . 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was indebted
 million to this third-party product manufacturer and was reported as part of accounts payable in the accompanying balance sheet. 

million. 

In January 2021, the Company issued similar notes payable in
exchange for cash of million. On February 16, 2021, in accordance with the note agreements upon completion of an equity offering,
these notes were mandatorily converted at a conversion rate of per share into shares of the Company s common stock. 

B. 
 Notes
 Payable Issued for Settlement Agreements 

In
fiscal 2019 and 2020, the Company issued its convertible notes payable to resolve claims and disputes pertaining to certain debt and
equity instruments issued by the Company in prior years. As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance of these notes payable for
settlement agreements amounted to million. 

On February 16, 2021 in accordance with the note agreements upon completion of an equity
offering, these notes were mandatorily converted at a conversion rate of per share into shares of the Company s common
stock. 

C. 
 Notes
 Payable Issued for Forbearance Agreements 

On
June 23, 2020, the Company entered into Standstill and Forbearance Agreements (collectively, the Forbearance Agreements with the holders of million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes (the Default Notes ), which were in
default. As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance of the notes payable amounted to million. 

On February 16, 2021 in accordance
with the note agreements upon completion of an equity offering, these notes were mandatorily converted at a conversion rate of 
per share into shares of the Company s common stock. 

D. 
 Notes
 Payable issued for Consulting Agreements 

As
of December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance of convertible notes payable issued in exchange for consulting services amounted to 
million. 

In
January 2021, the Company issued additional notes payable of 
million in exchange for consulting services as well as a note payable of 
million in exchange for cancellation of an unpaid consulting fee recorded and incurred in fiscal 2020. 

On February 16, 2021 in accordance with the note agreements upon completion of an equity offering, these notes were mandatorily
converted at a conversion rate of per share into shares of the Company s common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company accrued interest of 
million related to all outstanding convertible notes payable. In addition, during the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company
accrued interest of 
million. As a result of the mandatory conversion of the Company s notes payable, on February 16, 2021, total accrued interest
amounting to 
million was converted to 
shares of common stock. 

In
total, notes payable of million million principal and accrued interest of million) were mandatorily converted to 
shares of common stock of which, shares of common stock were issued in fiscal 2021 and the
remaining shares were issued in fiscal year 2022. 

Adoption
of ASU 2020-06 

In fiscal 2020, the Company recorded
a note/debt discount of million to account for the beneficial conversion feature that existed on the date of issuance of certain
convertible notes payable. The debt discount was being amortized
to interest expense over the term of the corresponding convertible notes payable. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and
Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for
Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . As a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company extinguished
its previously recorded debt discount of million by charging the opening additional paid in capital at January 1, 2021. In addition,
the Company also adjusted accumulated deficit to account for the derecognition of the million interest expense due to the amortization
of the debt discount that was recorded in fiscal 2020. As a result of these adjustments, the unamortized debt discount of million
was extinguished during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of warrants (in thousands) 

The
risk-free interest rate was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its
common stock to estimate the future volatility for its common stock. The expected life of the derivative securities was determined by
the remaining contractual life of the derivative instrument. The expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company has not
paid dividends to its common stockholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to its common stockholders in the future. 

During
2021, warrants were exercised which resulted in an extinguishment of derivative liability charge of million. The Company
recognized a net gain of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to account for
the change in fair value of the derivative liability . 

Addition 
 - 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment 
 - 

Change
 in fair value 

Ending
 Balance 

shares
of common stock , par value of as of December 31, 2022. 

On February 10, 2021, the Company effectuated a 1:17
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock and all fractional shares were rounded up. All
share and per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the reverse
stock split as if it had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

On October 10,
2022, at a special meeting of the stockholders of the Company, the stockholders ratified and approved the inclusion of discretionary votes
by brokers and other nominees holding shares for beneficial owners in the tabulation of votes on the proposal presented at the Company s
annual meeting of stockholders to reduce the authorized number of shares of the Company s common stock from shares to
 shares . 

Common
Stock 

Issuance of common stock in public offering 

On February 16, 2021, the Company completed a public
offering of shares of common stock for net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and
other direct offering expenses. As part of the offering, the Company also granted these investors, warrants to purchase shares
of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at per share and will expire in . 

As a result of the completion of the public offering
and the successful listing of its shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, convertible notes with an aggregate principal amount
of million and accrued interest of million, for a total of million, were mandatorily converted at its stated conversion
rate of per share into shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued shares of common stock
to these note holders while the remaining common shares, valued at million, were issuable at December 31, 2021. For financial
reporting purposes, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reported the million as common stock issuable to account for the estimated
balance of the converted notes payable and accrued interest that the Company had not yet issued the corresponding common stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued the remaining common shares issuable at December 31, 2021 valued at million. In addition, the Company also issued
an additional shares of commons stock with a fair value of as settlement with a noteholder. 

Cancellation of common stock previously
issued for services 

The Company cancelled previously issued shares
of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuance of common stock as equity compensation
to officers, employees and board of directors 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company completed its equity offering and listed its shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As such,
 shares of its common stock were granted to these officers, employees and directors, which had a fair value of million
at the date of Grant. Since the grant of the common stock is subject to milestone or performance conditions, such awards will be recorded
as compensation expense as the milestone or performance condition are met and in accordance with its vesting terms. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 
million to account the fair value of common stock that vested under this award. Also in 2021, the Company cancelled shares
of common stock granted to a Board member in February 2021 and issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an
employee for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 
million to account the fair value of common stock that vested. Also in 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock
with a fair value of to certain officers of the Company for services rendered. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were unvested shares of common stock issued to officers, employees and directors with a fair value
of that will be recognized as stock compensation expense in future periods pursuant to its vesting term. 

Equity
compensation to consultants 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company completed its equity offering and listed its shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As such,
 shares of its common stock were granted to consultants, which had a fair value of million at the date of Grant. Since
the grant of the common stock is subject to milestone or performance conditions, such awards will be recorded as compensation expense
as the milestone or performance condition are met and in accordance with its vesting terms. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 
million to account the fair value of common stock that vested under this award. Also in 2021, the Company issued shares of common
stock with a fair value of million to consultants for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock and recognized stock compensation expense of 
million to account the fair value of common stock that vested under this award. Also in 2022, the Company issued shares of fully
vested common stock with a fair value of to consultants for services rendered. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were unvested shares of common stock issued to consultants with a fair value of that will
be recognized as stock compensation expense in future periods pursuant to its vesting term. 

Cancellation of common stock upon settlement
with a former Officer 

On
April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its former Chief Executive Officer Officer and
received 
shares of its previously issued common stock in full and final settlement of all its claims against the Officer. The common stock
was subsequently cancelled and returned to treasury. In addition, the Company incurred legal and professional expenses of .
The legal and professional fees incurred were accounted as costs of the acquisition of the common stock and recorded as
a reduction to additional paid in capital. Both the Company and the Officer released each other from claims under the settlement
agreement. 

Preferred
Stock 

A. 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value 
 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

As
a result of stock splits in previous years, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not convertible. Shares of Series C Preferred
Stock have no voting rights. Similarly, as there are no conversion rights, in the event of liquidation, the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock shall not participate in any distribution of the assets or surplus funds of the Company. The holders of Series C Preferred Stock
also are not entitled to any dividends if and when declared by the Company s board of directors. No dividends
to holders of the Series C Preferred Stock were issued or unpaid through December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

B. 
 Series
 J-1 Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue its
Series J-1 Preferred Stock with a par value of per share. Shares of the Series J Preferred Stock were convertible at any time,
at the option of the holders, into shares of the Company s common stock at an effective conversion price of per
share, subject to adjustment for, among other things, stock dividends, stock splits, combinations, reclassifications of our capital
stock and mergers or consolidations, and subject to a beneficial ownership limitation which prohibits conversion if such conversion
would result in the holder (together with its affiliates) being the beneficial owner of in excess of 
of the Company s common stock. Shares of the Series J Preferred Stock had the same voting rights as shares of the
Company s common stock, with the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock entitled to vote on an as-converted-to-common stock
basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation described above, together with the holders of the Company s common stock
on all matters presented to the Company s stockholders. The Series J Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividends (unless
specifically declared by the Board), but would participate on an as-converted-to-common-stock basis in any dividends to the holders
of the Company s common stock. In the event of the Company s dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the holders of the
Series J Preferred Stock would be on parity with the holders of the Company s common stock and would participate, on a on an
as-converted-to-common stock basis, in any distribution to holders of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2020,
total Series J-1 Preferred stock issued and outstanding totaled 2,353,548 shares. 

As a result of the completion of the public offering and
the successful listing of the Company s shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, in February 2021, all outstanding Series
J Preferred Stock totaling shares were mandatorily converted to shares of common stock pursuant to the terms
of the conversion agreement. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Series J-1 Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding. 

C. 
 Series
 K Preferred Stock 

On
February 16, 2021, the Board designated shares of Series K preferred stock, par value . (the Series K Preferred Stock ). 

Shares
of the Series K Preferred Stock are convertible at any time, at the option of the holders, into shares of the Company s common
stock at an effective conversion rate of shares of common stock for each share of Series K Preferred Stock. Shares of the Series
K Preferred Stock have the same voting rights a shares of the Company s common stock, with the holders of the Series K Preferred
Stock entitled to vote on an as-converted-to-common stock basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation, together with the holders
of the Company s common stock on all matters presented to the Company s stockholders. The Series K Preferred Stock are not
entitled to any dividends (unless specifically declared by the Board), but will participate on an as-converted-to-common-stock basis
in any dividends to the holders of the Company s common stock. In the event of the Company s dissolution, liquidation or
winding up, the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will be on parity with the holders of the Company s common stock and will
participate, on a on an as-converted-to-common stock basis, in any distribution to holders of the Company s common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 Series K Preferred stock, issued and outstanding. 

Warrants
and Options 

Common
Stock Warrants 

Granted 

Forfeited/canceled 
 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/canceled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable at December 31, 2022 

On
February 16, 2021, as part of the Company s public offering, the Company issued warrants to investors to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances
and has a term of from the date of issuance. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants, which resulted cash proceeds of 
million. 

As of December 31, 2022, all issued and outstanding
warrants are fully vested. There was intrinsic
value of the outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2022, as the exercise price of these warrants was equal to or greater than the market
price. 

Common
Stock Options 

Forfeited/canceled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited/canceled 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company granted certain consultants, employees, officers and directors stock options to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of common stock. The stock options are exercisable at per share and will expire in 10 years. A portion of the options vested
immediately with the remaining portion vesting over a period of up to . The fair value of the options amounted to 
million or an average of 2.22 per share and were calculated using the Black Scholes Option pricing model. Assumptions used in the model
were: expected term years; expected volatility ; risk free interest rate and dividend yield
of . The Company recognized the corresponding stock compensation expense of these options based upon the vesting term. 

The
Company recorded forfeitures of options to purchase common stock during 2022 due to the resignation of employees. The forfeitures
were related to shares that had not yet been vested. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded total stock compensation of to account the fair value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2022. 

At December 31, 2022, there were unvested
options with a grant date fair value of which will be recognized as stock compensation expense in future periods based upon the
remaining vesting term of the applicable grants. There was no intrinsic value of the outstanding options at December 31, 2022, as the
exercise price of these options is greater than or equal to the market price. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

On December 31, 2021, the Company granted two employees
a total of stock options. The stock options are exercisable at per share and will expire in . A portion of the options
vested immediately, with the remaining portion vesting over a two-year period from the date of grant. The fair value of the options amounted
to or an average of per share and were calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Assumptions used in the model
were: expected term years; expected volatility ; risk free interest rate and dividend yield of
 . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded stock compensation of to account the fair value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2021. 

square feet of office space located in Brisbane, California, with a Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded
on the balance sheet. The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components of its leases as a single lease component. Rent expense
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a result of this agreement, the Company recognized right-of-use ROU asset and liability of pursuant to ASC 842 , Lease. Operating
lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease
term. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the
Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is
not readily determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The
Company s incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical collateralized borrowing rate based on its understanding of what its credit
rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. 

On February 8, 2022, the Company entered another lease
which will end on February 7, 2025. As a result, the Company recognized additional ROU asset
and liability of . 

As a result of these lease agreements,
the Company recognized ROU asset and liability in the aggregate of . 

Other Information 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest/present value
 discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

On
August 28, 2019, a complaint was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, West Judicial District, Santa Monica
Courthouse, Unlimited Civil Division by Jeffrey Lion and by Daniel Vallera, as individuals. The complaint was filed against GT Biopharma,
Inc. and its subsidiary Oxis Biotech, Inc. The Plaintiffs allege breach of a license agreement between the Plaintiffs and the Company
entered into on or about September 3, 2015. The Company filed an answer to the complaint denying many allegations and asserting affirmative
defenses. The Company reached a settlement of the case and paid on March 4, 2022, in full and final settlement of the claims.
This amount was fully accrued at December 31, 2021 and was paid during fiscal year 2022. 

On
March 3, 2021, a complaint was filed by Sheffield Properties in the superior Court of California, County of Ventura. The litigation arose
from a commercial lease entered into by GT Biopharma, Inc. for office space in Westlake Village in California. In July, 2021 the Company
entered into settlement agreement with Sheffield Properties and the payment in the settlement amount of million was made on August
6, 2021. 

Significant
Agreements 

Research
and Development Agreements 

The
Company is a party to a Scientific Research Agreement SRA with the Regents of the University of Minnesota, effective
June 16, 2021. This SRA has three major goals: (1) support the Company s TriKE 
product development and GMP manufacturing efforts; (2) TriKE pharmacokinetics optimization in humans; and, (3)
investigation of the patient s native NK cell population based on insights obtained from the analysis of the human data
generated during our GTB-3550 clinical trial. The major deliverables proposed here are: (1) creation of IND enabling data for
TriKE constructs in support of our product development and GMP manufacturing efforts; (2) TriKE platform
drug delivery changes to allow transition to alternative drug delivery means and extended PK in humans; and, (3) gain an increased
understanding of changes in the patient s native NK cell population as a result of TriKE therapy. Most studies
will use TriKE DNA/amino acid sequences created by us under current UMN/GTB licensing terms. The term of this
agreement shall expire on June 30, 2023. The University of Minnesota shall use reasonable efforts to complete the project for a
fixed sum of million,
of which 
million has been incurred and recorded as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company has recorded an expense of 
and 
relating to the scientific research agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Patent
and License Agreements 

2016
Exclusive Patent License Agreement 

The
Company is party to an exclusive worldwide license agreement with the Regents of the University of Minnesota, UofMN ),
to further develop and commercialize cancer therapies using TriKE technology developed by researchers at the UofMN to
target NK cells to cancer. Under the terms of the 2016 agreement, the Company receives exclusive rights to conduct research and to develop,
make, use, sell, and import TriKE technology worldwide for the treatment of any disease, state, or condition in humans.
The Company is responsible for obtaining all permits, licenses, authorizations, registrations, and regulatory approvals required or granted
by any governmental authority anywhere in the world that is responsible for the regulation of products such as the TriKE 
technology, including without limitation the FDA and the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products in the European Union.
Under the agreement, the UofMN received an upfront payment of million, and an annual License Maintenance fee of million beginning
in 2021. The agreement also includes royalty fees, (not to exceed under subsequence license agreements or amendments to this agreement
or minimum annual royalty payments ranging from million to million. The agreement also includes certain performance milestone
payments totaling million, and one-time sales milestone payments of million upon reaching million in gross sales, and
 million upon reaching million dollars in cumulative gross sales of Licensed Products. 

The Company did t incur any research and development expense relating to the 2016 Exclusive Patent
License Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2021
Patent License Agreement 

On
March 26, 2021, the Company signed an agreement specific to the B7H3 targeted TriKE . Under the agreement, the UofMN received
an upfront license fee of , and will receive an annual License Maintenance fee of beginning in 2022, to royalty
fees, or minimum annual royalty payments of million beginning in the year after the first commercial sales of Licensed Product,
and million beginning in the fifth year after the first commercial sale of such Licensed Product. The agreement also includes certain
performance milestone payments totaling million, and one-time sales milestone payments of million upon reaching million
in gross sales, and million upon reaching million dollars in cumulative gross sales of Licensed Products. There is no double
payment intended; if one of the milestone payments has been paid under the 2016 agreement no further payment is due for the corresponding
milestone above. 

The Company did t incur any research and development expense relating to the 2021 Patent License
Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employee Compensation 

2024 

Total 

million. These carry forwards will begin to expire in the year ending , subject to IRS limitations,
including change in ownership. The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets, and adjusts
the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance to the extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets
is not judged to be more likely than not. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our
deferred tax assets, including recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income or
loss, the carry-forward periods available to us for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. 

Based on the weight of available evidence,
including cumulative losses in recent years and expectations of future taxable income, the Company has determined that it was more
likely than not that its deferred tax assets would not be realized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for 
of its cumulative deferred tax assets. 

Deferred
taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, and operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. The significant components
of net deferred income tax assets are (in thousands): 

Stock based compensation and other items 

Intellectual property 

Deferred tax assets before valuation 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 
 - 
 - 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carryforwards 

Effective income tax rate 

million, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses
of approximately , in relation to a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement signed on December 30, 2022, between
the Company and an institutional investor (the Purchaser for the issuance and sale, in a registered direct offering
(the Offering ), of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Shares ),
pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants ), and
warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Warrants ).
The Common Warrants have an exercise price equal to , will be exercisable commencing six months following issuance, and will have
a term of exercise equal to five years following the initial exercise date. The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of 
per Share, are immediately exercisable and can be exercised at any time after their original issuance until such Pre-Funded Warrants
are exercised in full. The Shares and Common Warrants were sold at an offering price of per Share and accompanying Common Warrant
and the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants were sold at an offering price of per Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Common
Warrant. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for research and development agreement 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of pursuant to a payment agreement
with a third-party manufacturer (see Note 4). The shares were valued at the respective month-end closing prices of the Company s common stock when the payment was due to the vendor. 

Demand
Letter 

In
March 2023, the Company received a demand letter from an attorney representing an alleged holder of a convertible note which alleges
that the Company did not deliver shares of common stock that were due on conversion in 2022. The demand letter contends that the Company
is liable for per diem liquidated damages. The Company has denied liability and will defend any such claim vigorously if asserted. 

F- 22 

<EX-3.5>
 2
 ex3-5.htm

Exhibit 3.5 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

The
following is a summary of the material terms of our securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities.
The full text of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amendments thereto, our amended and restated bylaws
and the warrant agreements are included as exhibits to the Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. You are encouraged to read the
applicable provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws (as in effect from time-to-time) and the warrant agreements
in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Authorized
Capital 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 250 million shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 15 million shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Common
Stock 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held of record for the election of directors and on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends ratably, if any, as may be declared
by our board of directors Board out of legally available funds, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any preferred
stock then outstanding. In the event of our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share
ratably in our net assets legally available after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the liquidation preferences
of any preferred stock then outstanding. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights.
The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the
holders of shares of any series of preferred stock currently outstanding or that we may designate and issue in the future. All outstanding
shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Except as described below in Anti-Takeover Provisions Under Our
Charter and Bylaws and Delaware Law, holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business, and a vote of the majority of the voting power represented at such meeting at which a quorum
is generally required to take action under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

Warrants 

The
Common Warrants were issued in registered form and entitle the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price
equal to 5.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary
of the date of issuance. The Underwriters Warrants were issued in registered form and entitle the registered holder to purchase one share
of our common stock at a price equal to 6.875 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. Holders of Warrants may exercise such warrants on a cashless 
basis if an effective registration statement is not available with respect to the offering of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
such Warrant. In such event, the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable in such cashless exercise shall be equal to (x)
the difference between (i) value of the aggregate number of shares of common stock for which the Warrant is being exercised based on
the weighted average price of our common stock as determined in the formula set forth in such Warrant and (ii) the value of the aggregate
number of shares of common stock for which the Warrant is being exercised based on the exercise price then in effect, divided by (y)
the exercise price then in effect. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may
be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. The Warrants may be exercised by delivery of a notice of exercise and the aggregate exercise price (assuming
no cashless exercise has been elected if an effective registration statement is not available with respect to the offering of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of such Warrant) to us as specified in such Warrant. Holders of Warrants do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance
of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all
matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Board is authorized, without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue up to 15 million shares of preferred stock in one or
more series. In the past our Board has designated series lettered A through K and issued shares in those series. Only preferred shares
in the series designated C have shares issued and outstanding. Our Board can fix or alter the rights, preferences and privileges of the
shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting
rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting a class or series. The issuance of preferred
stock could, under certain circumstances, result in one or more of the following adverse effects: 

decreasing
 the market price of our common stock 

restricting
 dividends on our common stock; 

diluting
 the voting power of our common stock; 

impairing
 the liquidation rights of our common stock; or 

delaying
 or preventing a change in control of us without further action by our stockholders. 

Our
Board will make any determination to issue such shares based on its judgment as to our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

For
a discussion of the terms of our Series C Preferred Stock, see Note 7 to our audited financial statements, Stockholders Equity ,
incorporated in this document by reference. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions Under Our Charter and Bylaws and Delaware Law 

Certain
provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws (each as currently in effect) contain provisions that could
have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized
below, may have the effect of discouraging coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed,
in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board. We believe that the benefits of increased
protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging
a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock . Our Board has the ability to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede
the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or
delaying changes in control or management of our company. 

Special
Meetings of Stockholders . Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our Chairman of the
Board, our president or our Board, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. This provision might delay the ability
of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any
action, including the removal of directors. 

Board
Vacancies Filled Only by Majority of Directors . Vacancies and newly created seats on our Board may be filled only by a majority of
the directors then in office. Only our Board may determine the number of directors on our board. The inability of stockholders to determine
the number of directors or to fill vacancies or newly created seats on our Board makes it more difficult to change the composition of
our Board, but these provisions promote a continuity of existing management. 

No
Cumulative Voting . The Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right
to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless our certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws do not expressly provide for cumulative voting. 

Directors
Removed Only by Special Meeting of Stockholders . A director can be removed only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes
of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of the corporation given at a special meeting of the
stockholders called and held for this purpose. 

Amendment
of Charter Provisions . In order to amend certain of the above provisions in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, the
Board is expressly authorized to adopt, alter or repeal the bylaws, subject to the rights of the stockholders entitled to vote. Stockholders
can vote at any stockholder meeting and repeal, alter, or amend the bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the stockholders
entitled to vote in such meeting. 

Delaware
Anti-takeover Statute 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which
the person became an interest stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination 
includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions in which the interested stockholder receives or could receive a financial benefit
on other than a pro rata basis with other stockholders. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with
affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. This
provision has an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our Board, including discouraging takeover
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of our market price. With approval of our stockholders,
we could amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in the future to avoid the restrictions imposed by this anti-takeover
law. 

The
provisions of Delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation could have the effect of discouraging others from
attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock
that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in
our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise
deem to be in their best interests. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

Our
transfer agent and registrar for our capital stock is Computershare Limited. The transfer agent s address is 8742 Lucent Blvd.,
Suite 225, Highland Ranch, CO 80129, and its telephone number is (303) 262-0600. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-255429, 333-252973 and 333-251311),
Form S-8 (File No. 333-266316) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-267870) of GT Biopharma, Inc. of our report dated March 30, 2023 relating to
the consolidated financial statements of GT Biopharma, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the year then ended which appears
in this Form 10-K. 

Weinberg
 Company, P.A. 

 Los
Angeles, California 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I,
Michael Breen, certify that: 

a) 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of GT Biopharma, Inc.; 

b) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

c) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

d) 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
 and have: 

i) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

ii) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

iii) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

iv) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

e) 
 I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

i) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

ii) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Michael Breen 

Name: 
 
 Michael
 Breen 

Title:
 
 Interim
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I,
Manu Ohri, certify that: 

a) 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of GT Biopharma, Inc.; 

b) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

c) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

d) 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
 and have: 

i) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

ii) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

iii) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

iv) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

e) 
 I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

i) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

ii) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Manu Ohri 

Name: 
 
 Manu
 Ohri 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael Breen, Chief Executive Officer of GT
Biopharma, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(i)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Michael Breen 

Name: 
 
 Michael
 Breen 

Title:
 
 Interim
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Manu Ohri, Chief Accounting Officer of GT Biopharma,
Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(i)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Manu Ohri 

Name: 
 
 Manu
 Ohri 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 gtbp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 gtbp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 gtbp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 gtbp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

