<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1318220_0001558370-23-001404.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23891345</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>543867</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2849980</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9132593</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3638373</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7042486</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001404.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216060549
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001404
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		153
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Waste Connections, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001318220
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34370
		FILM NUMBER:		23637035

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6220 HWY 7
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			WOODBRIDGE
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4H 4G3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(905) 532-7510

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6220 HWY 7
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			WOODBRIDGE
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4H 4G3

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IESI-BFC Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090522

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BFI Canada Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001404.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 wcn-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Ontario , (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , Canada (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

 Trading Symbol(s) 

 Name of each exchange on which registered 

 New York Stock Exchange Toronto Stock Exchange TSX Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing sales price for the registrant s common shares, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was . Number of common shares outstanding as of February 3, 2023: DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive Management Information Circular and Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and with the securities commissions or similar regulatory authorities in Canada within 120 days after the end of our 2022 fiscal year) are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item No. Page PART I 1. BUSINESS 1 1A. RISK FACTORS 32 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 46 2. PROPERTIES 46 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 47 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 47 PART II 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 48 6. [RESERVED] 49 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 50 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 75 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 77 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 138 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 138 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 139 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 139 PART III 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 139 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 139 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 139 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 139 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 140 PART IV 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 140 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 143 SIGNATURES 144 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 145 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements based on expectations, estimates, and projections as of the date of this filing. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item 7 of Part II Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our Company Waste Connections, Inc. is the third largest solid waste services company in North America, providing non-hazardous waste collection, transfer and disposal services, along with resource recovery primarily through recycling and renewable fuels generation, in 43 states in the U.S. and six provinces in Canada. Waste Connections also provides non-hazardous oil and natural gas exploration and production, or E P, waste treatment, recovery and disposal services in several basins across the U.S., as well as intermodal services for the movement of cargo and solid waste containers in the Pacific Northwest. Our senior management team has extensive experience in operating, acquiring and integrating non-hazardous waste services businesses, and we intend to continue to focus our efforts on both internal and acquisition-based growth. We anticipate that a part of our future growth will come from acquiring additional waste businesses and, therefore, we expect that additional acquisitions could continue to affect period-to-period comparisons of our operating results. Our Operating Strategy Our operating strategy seeks to improve financial returns and deliver superior shareholder value creation within the solid waste industry. We generally seek to avoid highly competitive, large urban markets and instead target markets where we can attain high market share either through exclusive contracts, vertical integration or asset positioning. We also target niche markets, like non-hazardous E P waste treatment and disposal services, with similar characteristics. We are a leading provider of waste services in most of our markets, and the key components of our operating strategy, which are tailored to the competitive and regulatory factors that affect our markets, are as follows: Target Secondary and Rural Markets . By targeting secondary and rural markets, we believe that we are able to achieve a higher local market share than would be attainable in more competitive urban markets, which we believe reduces our exposure to customer churn and improves financial returns. In certain niche markets, like E P waste treatment and disposal, early mover advantage in certain rural basins may improve market positioning and financial returns given the limited availability of existing third-party-owned waste disposal alternatives. Control the Waste Stream . In markets where waste collection services are provided under exclusive arrangements, or where waste disposal is municipally owned or funded or available at multiple sources, we believe that controlling the waste stream by providing collection services under exclusive arrangements is often more important to our growth and profitability than owning or operating landfills. Optimize Asset Positioning . We believe that the location of disposal sites within competitive markets is a critical factor to success in the waste services industry. Given the importance of and costs associated with the transportation of waste to treatment and disposal sites, having disposal capacity proximate to the waste stream may provide a competitive advantage and serve as a barrier to entry. Provide Vertically Integrated Services . In markets where we believe that owning landfills is a strategic advantage to a collection operation because of competitive and regulatory factors, we generally focus on providing integrated services, from collection through disposal of solid waste in landfills that we own or operate. Manage on a Decentralized Basis . We manage our operations on a decentralized basis through five geographic operating segments. This places decision-making authority closer to the customer, enabling us to identify and address 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 customers needs quickly in a cost-effective manner. We believe that decentralization provides a low-overhead, highly efficient operational structure that allows us to expand into geographically contiguous markets and operate in relatively small communities that larger competitors may not find attractive. We believe that this structure gives us a strategic competitive advantage, given the relatively rural nature of many of the markets in which we operate, and makes us an attractive buyer to many potential acquisition candidates. We manage and evaluate our business on the basis of the operating segments geographic characteristics, interstate waste flow, revenue base, employee base, regulatory structure, and acquisition opportunities. Each operating segment has a regional vice president and a regional controller reporting directly to our corporate management. These regional officers are responsible for operations and accounting in their operating segments and supervise their regional staff. See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on our segment reporting of our operations. Each operating location has a district or site manager who has a high degree of decision-making authority for his or her operations and is responsible for maintaining service quality, promoting safety, implementing marketing programs and overseeing day-to-day operations, including contract administration. Local managers also help identify acquisition candidates and are responsible for integrating acquired businesses into our operations and obtaining the permits and other governmental approvals required for us to operate. Implement Operating Standards . We develop company-wide operating standards, which are tailored for each of our markets based on industry norms and local conditions. We implement cost controls and employee training and safety procedures and establish a sales and marketing plan for each market. By internalizing the waste stream of acquired operations, we can further increase operating efficiencies and improve capital utilization. We use a wide-area information system network, implement financial controls and consolidate certain accounting, personnel and customer service functions. While regional and district management operate with a high degree of autonomy, our executive officers monitor regional and district operations and require adherence to our accounting, purchasing, safety, marketing, legal and internal control policies, particularly with respect to financial matters. Our executive officers regularly review the performance of regional officers, district managers and operations. We believe we can improve the profitability of existing and newly acquired operations by establishing operating standards, closely monitoring performance and streamlining certain administrative functions. Our Growth Strategy We tailor the components of our growth strategy to the markets in which we operate and into which we hope to expand. Obtain Additional Exclusive Arrangements . Our operations include market areas where we have exclusive arrangements, including franchise agreements, municipal contracts and governmental certificates, under which we are the exclusive service provider for a specified market. These exclusive rights and contractual arrangements create a barrier to entry that is usually obtained through the acquisition of a company with such exclusive rights or contractual arrangements or by winning a competitive bid. We devote significant resources to securing additional franchise agreements and municipal contracts through competitive bidding and by acquiring other companies. In bidding for franchises and municipal contracts and evaluating acquisition candidates holding governmental certificates, our management team draws on its experience in the waste industry and knowledge of local service areas in existing and target markets. Our district management and sales and marketing personnel maintain relationships with local governmental officials within their service areas, maintain, renew and renegotiate existing franchise agreements and municipal contracts, and secure additional agreements and contracts while targeting acceptable financial returns. Our sales and marketing personnel also expand our presence into areas adjacent to or contiguous with our existing markets, and market additional services to existing customers. We believe our ability to offer comprehensive rail haul disposal services in the Pacific Northwest improves our competitive position in bidding for such contracts in that region. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Generate Internal Growth . To generate internal revenue growth, our district management and sales and marketing personnel focus on increasing market penetration in our current and adjacent markets, soliciting new customers in markets where such customers have the option to choose a particular waste collection service and marketing upgraded or additional services (such as compaction or automated collection) to existing customers. We also seek price increases necessary to offset increased costs, to improve operating margins and to obtain adequate returns on our deployed capital. Where possible, we intend to leverage our franchise-based platforms to expand our customer base beyond our exclusive market territories. As customers are added in existing markets, our revenue per routed truck increases, which generally increases our collection efficiencies and profitability. In markets in which we have exclusive contracts, franchises and governmental certificates, we expect internal volume growth generally to track population and business growth. Expand Through Acquisitions . We intend to expand the scope of our operations by continuing to acquire waste businesses in new markets and in existing or adjacent markets that are combined with or tucked-in to our existing operations. We focus our acquisition efforts on markets that we believe provide significant growth opportunities for a well-capitalized market entrant and where we can compete efficiently with potential new competitors. This focus typically highlights markets in which we can: (1) provide waste collection services under exclusive arrangements such as franchise agreements, municipal contracts and governmental certificates; (2) gain a leading market position and provide vertically integrated collection and disposal services; or (3) gain a leading market position in a niche market through the provision of treatment and disposal services. We believe that our experienced management, decentralized operating strategy, financial strength, size and public company status make us an attractive buyer to certain waste collection and disposal acquisition candidates. We have developed an acquisition discipline based on a set of financial, market and management criteria to evaluate opportunities. Once an acquisition is closed, we seek to integrate it while minimizing disruption to our ongoing operations and those of the acquired business. In new markets, we often use an initial acquisition as an operating base and seek to strengthen the acquired operation s presence in that market by providing additional services, adding new customers and making tuck-in acquisitions of other waste companies in that market or adjacent markets. We believe that many suitable tuck-in acquisition opportunities exist within our current and targeted market areas that may provide us with opportunities to increase our market share and route density. The North America solid waste services industry has experienced continued consolidation over the past several years, most notably with the acquisition of Advanced Disposal Services, Inc. by Waste Management, Inc. in October 2020 and our acquisition of Progressive Waste (as defined below) in June 2016. In spite of this consolidation, the solid waste services industry remains regional in nature, with acquisition opportunities available in select markets. In some markets in both municipal solid waste, or MSW, and E P waste, independent landfill, collection or service providers lack the capital resources, management skills and/or technical expertise necessary to comply with stringent environmental and other governmental regulations and to compete with larger, more efficient, integrated operators. In addition, many of the remaining independent operators may wish to sell their businesses to achieve liquidity in their personal finances or as part of their estate planning. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed 24 acquisitions for consideration having a net fair value of 2.334 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed 30 acquisitions for consideration having a net fair value of 1.069 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we completed 21 acquisitions for consideration having a net fair value of 481.6 million. HUMAN CAPITAL We believe that people are our greatest differentiator. We aim to be an employer of choice that attracts and retains high performing talent with the mindset, skillset and commitment to uphold our values of safety, integrity, customer service, being a great place to work and the premier solid waste services company in the U.S. and Canada. Our goal is to create an environment where self-directed, empowered employees strive to consistently fulfill our constituent commitments and seek to create positive impacts through interactions with customers, communities and fellow employees, always relying on our Operating Values as the foundation for our existence. All employees are responsible for upholding the Waste Connections Vision and Values, and the Waste Connections Code of Conduct, which form the foundation of our policies and practices. Moreover, we are committed to an inclusive, supportive environment built on the principles of 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Servant Leadership, valuing diversity and inspiring employee growth. As such, developing our talent and maintaining our culture through employee engagement are integral to the growth and sustainability of our business. Our Workforce As of December 31, 2022, our employee population consisted of 22,109 active employees, 10,866 of whom are commercial truck drivers and 1,815 of whom are mechanics. There were 18,799 employees located in the United States and 3,310 employees located in Canada. 40 of active employees are ethnic minorities, 17 are women, and 8 are from the armed services. As of December 31, 2022, 3,323 employees, or approximately 15 of our workforce, were employed under collective bargaining agreements. The majority of our collective bargaining agreements are with the Teamsters Union in both the U.S. and Canada. These collective bargaining agreements are renegotiated periodically. In 2022, we did not experience any work stoppages or have any days idle as a result of labor issues. We have 17 collective bargaining agreements covering 1,059 employees that have expired or are set to expire during 2023. We do not expect any significant disruption in our overall business in 2023 as a result of labor negotiations, employee strikes or organizational efforts by labor unions or their representatives. COVID-19-Related Employee Support Since the onset of the pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, protecting the health, safety and welfare of our employees has been our top priority. In order to support and protect our employees, we established protocols and implemented operational changes focused on the health and safety of our frontline employees and accommodated transitions to remote work environments for customer service representatives and other support personnel. In addition, recognizing the potential for financial hardship and other challenges, we looked to provide a safety net for our employees on issues of income and family health. To that end, since the onset of the pandemic and through the end of 2022, we have incurred over 50 million in incremental COVID-19-related costs, including approximately 10 million in supplemental pay for frontline employees in 2022. COVID-19-related support included bonus payments as well as supplemental wages, which were provided to all frontline employees, whether union or non-union, remote or on-site, as well as temporary workers. We provided full base wages for employees feeling ill, under quarantine, or caring for family members, and two-thirds of base wages for up to 12 weeks for those unable to work due to childcare needs. We also expanded our Employee Relief Fund for those experiencing financial hardship, launched the Waste Connections Scholarship Program to assist our employees children in pursuing their educational goals, covered COVID-19-related testing and medical costs, and expanded and extended access to medical benefits. In addition to our COVID-19-related financial commitments, in 2020 we proactively raised our minimum U.S. hourly wage target to 15 per hour (CAD 16 per hour in Canada), which we increased to a target of 17 per hour (CAD 17 per hour in Canada) in 2022, in both cases exceeding many state, provincial and local wage requirements. Looking beyond our people, we also recognized the needs of the communities where we live and work, increasing the level of charitable contributions to assist food banks, families at risk, and organizations with a focus on addressing racial inequities at a local or national level, and providing meals for higher risk populations. In 2022, we maintained the higher levels of community support as we continued to focus on the well-being of our employees and the communities we serve. Safety Safety is our first operating value at Waste Connections. We are committed to the safety of our employees, customers, and the communities we serve. Our ultimate goal is to Drive to ZERO , that is, to work toward achieving zero incidents and accidents. Our success in safety is driven by our self-directed and empowered employees taking personal ownership for their safety and the safety of those around them. As servant leaders, we endeavor every day to protect our employees and the communities we are privileged to work in and around. We utilize on-board event recording technology to identify both risky behavior, which is coached, and best practices, which are reinforced and rewarded with safety bonuses. We 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 have developed a risk-based scoring system for our drivers to improve their safe driving skills and hold our leaders responsible for the performance of the employees they are privileged to serve. In 2022, this behavior-based approach to safety resulted in approximately 60 of our operating locations posting zero safety-related incidents or reduced incident frequency over the prior year. In addition, our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) remains well below industry averages. Safety training is an integral part of our culture of safety. To reinforce safe driving skills and safe work practices throughout Waste Connections, we require both initial training for all new driver employees and reinforcement training each year. Areas of focus in training include: Target 4 defensive driving, Smith System driving fundamentals, Injury Illness prevention, and Safe Work Practices training. We further emphasize the importance of safety through regular tailgate safety meetings and rollout safety instructions for our drivers, and through the utilization of electronic safety communication boards, safety alerts, and other communications to heighten awareness and maintain focus every day on the importance of safety. While we attribute our successful safety record to our culture and behavior-based approach, we recognize that advances in fleet design and technology can be important tools in identifying risky behaviors and providing coaching opportunities to further our efforts to achieve our long-term, aspirational target of a 25 reduction in incident rates as described in our 2022 Sustainability Report (www.wasteconnections.com/sustainability). To that end, in 2022, we completed a multi-year implementation of an over 10 million fleet-wide upgrade of our on-board event recording technology, adding Machine Vision and Artificial Intelligence to identify at-risk behaviors. We also expanded our use of Freightliner EconicSD trucks, which provide enhanced safety features, as well as an integrated collision mitigation system, enhanced visibility, and several ergonomic improvements. Culture/Servant Leadership At Waste Connections, we maintain that our purposeful culture drives differentiated results; therefore, investing in our people is a priority as we employ an approach guided by Servant Leadership. This concept inverts the traditional management hierarchy, positioning leaders to serve their employees both professionally and personally. The philosophy empowers employees by prioritizing their needs, sharing responsibility and driving personal development. As a result, a significant amount of management time and resources are dedicated to leadership training and development. Training and Development In late 2022, we launched our revamped new driver training program, called Making the Connection. Designed specifically for our Company as a blended learning experience, with on-the-job learning, one-on-one coaching and a series of eLearning modules, our newly hired drivers will be provided a best-in-class onboarding and training experience. In addition, we have dedicated training resources to certify our Driver Trainers across the U.S. and Canada to deliver quality, interactive training experiences. These efforts are all focused on training and retaining the safest drivers in our industry. Our leadership development efforts focus on multi-day Servant Leadership training sessions, in which approximately 38 of our leadership team participated in 2022, following 24 participation in 2021, as we generally returned to in-person training, with online options also available. These leadership training sessions are developed and administered by dedicated internal resources and also include participation by the senior leadership team. In addition, the Company provides a broad range of other training and on-the-job learning opportunities, including district management training, varying leadership webinar topics, and other safety, sales, maintenance, operations and financial training courses engaging every level of our employees throughout the Company. In 2022, we expanded our retention-focused program called Intentional Retention to our leadership training and development efforts with a focus on skills in key areas that influence employee tenure. Through our Learning Management System, or LMS, we track employee progress and can utilize the LMS to share new course topics and additional content. We continued to expand training opportunities available to our employees and 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 increased the number of sessions offered by over 40 in 2022 from the prior year, with approximately 72 of all employees participating in either a virtual or in-person training. Employee Pay and Benefits We strive to make Waste Connections a great place to work. Our approach to attracting safe, productive workers includes a focus on providing full time, stable, local jobs with competitive pay and benefits. Our pay and benefits strategy is designed to provide programs and services that help meet the varying needs of our employees, particularly during challenging periods like the COVID-19 pandemic, when we increased our targeted minimum wage and introduced the Waste Connections Scholarship Program, in addition to providing discretionary supplemental pay and benefits, including expanded access to our Employee Relief Fund. Our total rewards package for frontline employees includes market-competitive pay, bonus opportunities, affordable and comprehensive healthcare plans, market-leading retirement benefits, generous and flexible time off plans, and the opportunity to share in the Company s success through an Employee Share Purchase Plan. Our leaders also are eligible for incentive compensation programs consisting of an annual cash bonus, equity, or both, dependent on their contributions to improving safety, financial results, and key human capital measures like turnover, employee development and employee survey scores. In 2022, we expanded our income protection benefits and time-off plans to better accommodate the needs of our U.S. employees, including those early in their employment with Waste Connections, to balance work and homelife as they address personal and family needs. For employees who are ill or injured outside of work, we reduced the waiting period for short term disability benefits and increased the income replacement rate and maximum benefit amounts. We also introduced additional parental time off for men and women taking time for the birth, adoption, or foster placement of a new child. In 2022, we continued to grow the Waste Connections Scholarship Program, launched in 2020, as a way to help our employees children achieve their vocational, technical and university education goals. The scholarship program awards renewable scholarships to children of Waste Connections employees based on academic record, demonstrated leadership, participation in school activities, work experience, career goals and family circumstances. Determined by an impartial third party, award recipients receive 2,500 each per academic year for up to four years. To date, the program has 125 recipients with financial contributions from Waste Connections that exceed 300,000 and a total commitment of up to 1.25 million. Employee Engagement Beyond compensation and benefits, we believe employee engagement includes increased investments in training and development of our leaders and frontline employees, along with new technology offerings to expand connectivity both inside and outside of the Company. We also recognize the importance of engagement in driving culture and increasing retention, which has been magnified since 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic necessitated the use of remote alternatives to in-person training and development and highlighted the importance of connectivity both inside and outside of the Company. In response, we launched Workplace , our internal, mobile-friendly collaborative software platform that allows all employees, employee resource groups and leaders to share a steady stream of news and stories to connect, inform and further increase employee engagement. We conduct an annual Servant Leadership survey, which provides employees the opportunity to evaluate their managers on an anonymous basis and provide written feedback. We target continuous improvement in the scores as an element of the long-term, aspirational goals outlined in our 2022 Sustainability Report. In 2022, we experienced continued improvement in our managers Servant Leadership scores, with an employee response rate of over 86 . Diversity and Inclusion We are committed to building and developing diverse teams that function in an environment of mutual respect, where employees feel valued, empowered to contribute and positioned for success. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 In keeping with our efforts to support and encourage diversity and inclusion, we have undertaken several initiatives, including adopting in 2019 a formal Diversity Policy for our Board of Directors and Senior Management with aspirational targets for female Board representation, which have been achieved through the addition of two female Board members since that time, and additional disclosure on workforce composition. Since that time, we incorporated diversity and inclusion into Servant Leadership training, expanded our annual Servant Leadership assessments of our managers by employees to incorporate a diversity and inclusion score, and introduced a monthly educational program focused on diversity and inclusion that is available to all employees through our LMS with additional discussion tools provided to our leadership team. In addition, we expanded our resources focused on encouraging diversity and inclusion through the addition of a Director of Experience, Inclusion and Diversity in 2022. We also enhanced recruiting practices to ensure the broadest candidate pools, established financial commitments to organizations that focus on racial inequities and that support women and children at risk, and supported the development of resource groups including our Women s Network and Veterans S.E.R.V.E. Network. Waste Connections is a signatory to the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion within the workplace. Employee Recruiting In 2022, we hired 6,713 employees through our network of internal recruiters operating on a divisional and regional basis. Our internal recruiting team endeavors to not only fill open positions, but to partner with hiring managers to continuously improve our efforts with respect to marketing, screening, interviewing, onboarding and employee retention. In addition to recruiting locally in the communities we serve, we use job fairs, open house events, employee referral programs, social media channels, local radio and television advertising, and school to work partnerships. Our job opportunities are hosted on https://careers.wasteconnections.com, posted on www.indeed.com, www.linkedin.com, as well as state and provincial job boards, and syndicated to expand our reach to dozens of diversity-oriented and military-focused recruiting websites such as https://honorher.works, https://jobs.vetjobs.org, https://diversity.dejobs.org, https://enableamerica.dejobs.org and www.campuspride.jobs. SUSTAINABILITY/ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE, OR ESG Environmental, organizational and financial sustainability initiatives have been key components of our success since we were founded in 1997. We continuously monitor and evaluate new technologies and investments that can enhance our commitment to the environment, to our employees and to the communities we serve. These investments align with our focus on value creation for all stakeholders and we remain committed to expanding these efforts as our industry and technology continue to evolve. To that end, we have committed 500 million to the advancement of long-term, aspirational ESG targets established in 2020, with updates on progress towards their achievement provided in our 2022 Sustainability Report. These targets include reducing environmental impact through expanded resource recovery capacity, increased landfill gas recovery and development of new renewable natural gas facilities, and increased on-site leachate treatment at our landfills. In addition, they focus on enhancing employee safety and engagement through reducing safety incident rates, continuous improvement in voluntary turnover, and increased Servant Leadership scores. In 2022, we expanded our ESG targets to include reductions in absolute emissions and reductions in emissions intensity. We also increased our ESG transparency in 2022 by introducing the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure framework detailing climate-related risks and opportunities, in addition to an Environmental Justice analysis on our footprint and expanded diversity statistics through our EE0-1 disclosure. Moreover, since 2021, we have incorporated our ESG targets into executive compensation metrics. We recognize the importance of disclosure surrounding these initiatives and strive to become increasingly transparent through the continued use and adoption of new ESG frameworks, expansion of ESG-related data points, as well as participation at ESG-related industry events and other investor engagements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE SERVICES Collection Services We provide collection services to residential, commercial, municipal, industrial and E P customers. Our services are generally provided under one of the following arrangements: (1) governmental certificates; (2) exclusive franchise agreements; (3) exclusive municipal contracts; (4) residential subscriptions; (5) residential contracts; or (6) commercial, industrial and E P service agreements. Governmental certificates, exclusive franchise agreements and exclusive municipal contracts grant us rights to provide MSW services within specified areas at established rates and are long-term in nature. Governmental certificates, or G Certificates, are unique to the State of Washington and are awarded by the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission, or WUTC, to solid waste collection service providers in unincorporated areas and electing municipalities. These certificates typically grant the holder the exclusive and perpetual right to provide specific residential, commercial and/or industrial waste services in a defined territory at specified rates, subject to divestiture and/or overlap or cancellation by the WUTC on specified, limited grounds. Franchise agreements typically provide an exclusive period of seven years or longer for a specified territory; they specify a broad range of services to be provided, establish rates for the services and can give the service provider a right of first refusal to extend the term of the agreement. Municipal contracts typically provide a shorter service period and a more limited scope of services than franchise agreements and generally require competitive bidding at the end of the contract term. In markets where exclusive arrangements are not available, we may enter into residential contracts with homeowners associations, apartment owners and mobile home park operators, or work on a subscription basis with individual households. In such markets, we may also provide commercial and industrial services under customer service agreements generally ranging from one to five years in duration. Finally, in certain E P markets with no pit rules or other regulations that limit on-site storage or treatment of waste, we offer containers and collection services to provide a closed loop system for the collection of drilling wastes at customers well sites and subsequent transportation of the waste to our facilities for treatment and disposal. Landfill Disposal Services As of December 31, 2022, we owned or operated 75 MSW landfills, nine E P waste landfills, which only accept E P waste and 16 non-MSW landfills, which only accept construction and demolition, industrial and other non-putrescible waste. Eight of our MSW landfills also received E P waste during 2022. We generally own landfills to achieve vertical integration in markets where the economic and regulatory environments make landfill ownership attractive. We also own landfills in certain markets where it is not necessary to provide collection services because we believe that we are able to attract volume to our landfills, given our location or other market dynamics. For landfills we operate but do not own, the owner of the property, generally a municipality, usually holds the permit and we operate the landfill pursuant to a landfill operating agreement for a contracted term, which may be the life of the landfill. Where the contracted term is not the life of the landfill, the property owner is generally responsible for final capping, closure and post-closure obligations. We are responsible for all final capping, closure and post-closure obligations at our operated landfills for which we have life-of-site agreements. Based on remaining permitted capacity as of December 31, 2022, and projected annual disposal volumes, the average remaining landfill life for our owned and operated landfills and landfills operated, but not owned, under life-of-site agreements, is estimated to be approximately 31 years. Many of our existing landfills have the potential for expanded disposal capacity beyond the amount currently permitted. We regularly consider whether it is advisable, in light of changing market conditions and/or regulatory requirements, to seek to expand or change the permitted waste streams or to seek other permit modifications. We also monitor the available permitted in-place disposal capacity of our landfills on an ongoing basis and evaluate whether to seek capacity expansion using a variety of factors. We are currently seeking to expand permitted capacity at 10 of our landfills, for which we consider expansions to be probable. Although we cannot be certain that all future expansions will be permitted as designed, the average remaining landfill life for our owned and operated landfills and landfills operated, but not owned, under life-of-site agreements is 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 estimated to be approximately 35 years when considering remaining permitted capacity, probable expansion capacity and projected annual disposal volume. The following table reflects estimated landfill capacity and airspace changes, as measured in tons, for owned and operated landfills and landfills operated, but not owned, under life-of-site agreements (in thousands): 

2022 2021 Probable Probable Permitted Expansion Total Permitted Expansion Total Balance, beginning of year 1,474,754 212,722 1,687,476 1,383,123 158,522 1,541,645 Acquired landfills 92,270 92,270 41,374 41,374 Developed landfills 65,288 65,288 Divested landfills (31,179) (18,920) (50,099) (7,169) (7,169) Permits granted 35,128 (35,128) 36,778 (36,778) Airspace consumed (47,229) (47,229) (46,632) (46,632) Expansions initiated 9,720 9,720 84,342 84,342 Changes in engineering estimates 16,789 12,284 29,073 1,992 6,636 8,628 Balance, end of year 1,540,533 180,678 1,721,211 1,474,754 212,722 1,687,476 The estimated remaining operating lives for the landfills we own and landfills we operate under life-of-site agreements, based on remaining permitted and probable expansion capacity and projected annual disposal volume, in years, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are shown in the tables below. The estimated remaining operating lives include assumptions that the operating permits are renewed. 

2022 0 to 5 6 to 10 11 to 20 21 to 40 41 to 50 51+ Total Owned and operated landfills 5 5 18 37 6 17 88 Operated landfills under life-of-site agreements 2 3 5 5 5 18 39 6 20 93 

2021 0 to 5 6 to 10 11 to 20 21 to 40 41 to 50 51+ Total Owned and operated landfills 3 6 15 35 9 19 87 Operated landfills under life-of-site agreements 2 3 5 3 6 15 37 9 22 92 The disposal tonnage that we received in 2022 and 2021 at all of our landfills is shown in the tables below (tons in thousands): Three Months Ended March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, Twelve Months 2022 2022 2022 2022 Ended Number Total Number Total Number Total Number Total December 31, of Sites Tons of Sites Tons of Sites Tons of Sites Tons 2022 Owned operational landfills and landfills operated under life-of-site agreements 89 10,987 89 12,416 91 11,888 93 11,938 47,229 Operated landfills 5 150 5 146 5 153 7 171 620 94 11,137 94 12,562 96 12,041 100 12,109 47,849 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, Twelve Months 2021 2021 2021 2021 Ended Number Total Number Total Number Total Number Total December 31, of Sites Tons of Sites Tons of Sites Tons of Sites Tons 2021 Owned operational landfills and landfills operated under life-of-site agreements 87 10,189 87 12,433 89 12,545 92 11,465 46,632 Operated landfills 4 127 4 147 5 147 5 159 580 91 10,316 91 12,580 94 12,692 97 11,624 47,212 The expiration dates for the seven operated landfills range from 2023 to 2042. We are seeking or intend to seek renewal of all seven contracts prior to, or upon, their expiration. Transfer Station Services We own or operate MSW transfer stations and E P waste transfer stations with marine access. Transfer stations receive, compact and/or load waste to be transported to landfills or treatment facilities via truck, rail or barge. They extend our direct-haul reach and link collection operations or waste generators with distant disposal or treatment facilities by concentrating the waste stream from a wider area and thus providing better utilization rates and operating efficiencies. Recycling Services We offer residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers recycling services for a variety of recyclable materials, including compost, cardboard, mixed paper, plastic containers, glass bottles and ferrous and aluminum metals. We own and operate recycling operations and market collected recyclable materials to third parties for processing before resale. The majority of the recyclables we process for sale are paper products and are shipped to customers in the United States and Canada, as well as other markets, including Asia. Changes in end market demand as well as other factors can cause fluctuations in the prices for such commodities, which can affect revenue, operating income and cash flows. We believe that recycling will continue to be an important component of local and state solid waste management plans due to the public s increasing environmental awareness and expanding regulations that mandate or encourage recycling. We also believe that the costs of processing recyclables, including the costs of contamination, which have historically been subsidized by the sale of recycled commodities, need to be fully recognized. To that end, we have increased the fees that we charge for the collection of recyclables and for processing at our recycling facilities to more fully reflect the processing costs associated with the separation of recyclables into marketable commodities. In some instances, we will look to pass the risk associated with the volatility of recycled commodity prices onto our customers. Beneficial Reuse of Landfill Gas We develop, own and operate projects for the beneficial reuse of landfill gas through our landfill network. Over time, landfill gas is produced as waste decomposes at landfills, and the methane component is a readily available renewable energy source that can be gathered and converted into a valuable source of clean energy as recognized by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, or the EPA, in the same category as wind, solar, and geothermal resources. As of December 31, 2022 we have gas recovery systems at 55 of our landfills to collect methane, which can then be used to generate electricity for local households, fuel local industrial power plants or power alternative fueled vehicles. For 17 of these beneficial reuse projects, the processed gas is used to fuel electricity generators. The electricity is then sold to public utilities. For 10 of these projects, the landfill gas is processed to pipeline quality natural gas and sold to natural gas companies. In some cases, landfill gas generated at our landfills qualifies as a renewable fuel for which renewable fuel credits may be available. E P Waste Treatment, Recovery and Disposal Services E P waste is a broad term referring to the by-products resulting from oil and natural gas exploration and production activity. These generally include: waste created throughout the initial drilling and completion of an oil or natural gas well, 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 such as drilling fluids, drill cuttings, completion fluids and flowback water; production wastes and produced water during a well s operating life; contaminated soils that require treatment during site reclamation; and substances that require clean-up after a spill, reserve pit clean-up or pipeline rupture. E P waste customers are oil and natural gas exploration and production companies operating in the areas that we serve. E P waste revenue is therefore driven by vertical and horizontal drilling, hydraulic fracturing, production and clean-up activity; it is complemented by other services including closed loop collection systems and the sale of recovered products. E P waste activity varies across market areas which are tied to the natural resource basins in which the drilling activity occurs and reflects the regulatory environment, pricing and disposal alternatives available in any given market. We provide non-hazardous E P waste treatment, recovery and/or disposal services from a network of E P waste landfills, MSW landfills that also receive E P waste, E P liquid waste injection wells and E P waste treatment and oil recovery facilities. Treatment processes vary by site and regulatory jurisdiction. At certain treatment facilities, loads of flowback and produced water and other drilling and production wastes delivered by our customers are sampled, assessed and tested by third parties according to state regulations. Solids contained in a waste load are deposited into a land treatment cell where liquids are removed from the solids and are sent through an oil recovery system before being injected into saltwater disposal injection wells or placed in evaporation cells that utilize specialized equipment to accelerate evaporation of liquids. In certain locations, fresh water is then added to the remaining solids in the cell to wash the solids several times to remove contaminants, including oil and grease, chlorides and other contaminants, to ensure the solids meet specific regulatory criteria that, in certain areas, are administered by third-party labs and submitted to the regulatory authorities. COMPETITION The North America MSW services industry is highly competitive and requires substantial labor and capital resources. Our competition includes: three publicly-held solid waste companies Waste Management, Inc., Republic Services, Inc. and GFL Environmental, Inc.; several regional, publicly held and privately owned companies; and several thousand small, local, privately owned companies, including independent waste brokers, some of which we believe have accumulated substantial goodwill in their markets. We compete for collection, transfer and disposal volume based primarily on the price and, to a lesser extent, quality of our services. We also compete with operators of alternative disposal facilities, including incinerators, and with counties, municipalities and solid waste districts that maintain their own waste collection and disposal operations. Public sector operators may have financial and other advantages over us because of their access to user fees and similar charges, tax revenues, tax-exempt financing and the ability to flow-control waste streams to publicly owned disposal facilities. From time to time, competitors may reduce the price of their services in an effort to expand their market shares or service areas or to win competitively bid municipal contracts. These practices may cause us to reduce the price of our services or, if we elect not to do so, to lose business. We provide a significant amount of our residential, commercial and industrial collection services under exclusive franchise and municipal contracts and G Certificates. Exclusive franchises and municipal contracts may be subject to periodic competitive bidding. Competition in the solid waste industry is also affected by the increasing national emphasis in the U.S. and Canada on recycling and other waste reduction programs, which may reduce the volume of waste we collect or deposit in our landfills. The U.S. and Canadian MSW services industries have undergone significant consolidation, and we encounter competition in our efforts to acquire collection operations, transfer stations and landfills. We generally compete for acquisition candidates with publicly owned regional and national waste management companies. Accordingly, it may become uneconomical for us to make further acquisitions or we may be unable to locate or acquire suitable acquisition candidates at price levels and on terms and conditions that we consider appropriate, particularly in markets we do not already serve. Competition for E P waste comes primarily from smaller regional companies that utilize a variety of disposal methods and generally serve specific geographic markets. We also compete in certain markets with publicly held and privately owned companies such as Waste Management, Inc., Republic Services, Inc., Clean Harbors, Inc., Secure Energy Services Inc., Nuverra Environmental Solutions, Trinity Environmental Services, LLC, Ecoserv, Oilfield Water Logistics 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 LLC and others. In addition, customers in many markets have the option of using internal disposal methods or outsourcing to another third-party disposal company. REGULATION Introduction Our operations in the United States and Canada, including landfills, transfer stations, solid waste transportation, intermodal operations, vehicle maintenance shops, fueling facilities and oilfield waste treatment, recovery and disposal operations, are all subject to extensive and evolving federal, state, provincial and, in some instances, local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, the enforcement of which has become increasingly stringent. These laws and regulations may, among other things, require securing permits or other authorizations (collectively, permits for regulated activities; govern the amount and type of substances that may be discharged or emitted into the environment in connection with our operations; impose cleanup or corrective action responsibility for releases of regulated substances into the environment; restrict the way we handle, manage or dispose of wastes; limit or prohibit our activities in sensitive areas such as wetlands, wilderness areas or areas inhabited by endangered or threatened species; require investigatory and remedial actions to mitigate pollution conditions caused by our operations or attributable to former ownership or operations; and impose specific standards addressing worker protection and health. Compliance is often costly or difficult to achieve, and the violation of these laws and regulations may result in the denial or revocation of permits, issuance of corrective action orders, assessment of administrative and civil penalties and even potentially criminal prosecution. In many instances in the United States, liability is often strict, meaning it is imposed without a requirement of intent or fault on the part of the regulated entity. The environmental regulations that affect us in the United States are generally administered by the Environmental Protection Agency, or the EPA, state environmental agencies, and other federal, state and local authorities having jurisdiction over our U.S. operations. The environmental legislation affecting us in Canada is administered by federal and provincial regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction over certain aspects of our Canadian operations. The relevant Canadian federal environmental legislation that affects our operations is administered by federal departments such as Environment and Climate Change Canada. Provincial and local agencies and departments administer their own environmental legislation, such as the Ontario Ministry of the Environment, Conservation and Parks. In most instances in Canada, liability for violations of environmental and health and safety laws is imposed without a requirement of intent on the part of the regulated entity, but is subject to a defense of due diligence. Compliance with existing environmental regulatory requirements and permits requires significant capital and operating expenditures. It is possible that substantial costs for compliance or penalties for non-compliance may be incurred in the future. We believe that in recent years, environmental regulation of the industry has increased as have the number of enforcement actions brought by regulatory agencies. It is also possible that other developments, such as the adoption of additional or more stringent environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies, could result in additional costs or liabilities that we cannot currently foresee or quantify. Moreover, changes in environmental laws or regulations could reduce the demand for our services and adversely impact our business. We also expend significant resources (both administrative and financial) directed toward development, expansion, acquisition and permitting of landfills, transfer stations and other facilities we operate. Regarding any permit issued by a regulatory agency necessary for our operations, there are no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain all necessary permits or that any such permit held may ultimately be renewed on the same or similar terms. Further, permits obtained impose various requirements and may restrict the size and location of disposal operations, impose limits on the types and amount of waste a facility may receive or manage, as well as a waste disposal facility s overall capacity. Additional operational conditions or restrictions may be included in the renewal or amendment of a previously issued permit. As regulations change, our permit requirements could become more stringent and compliance may require material expenditures at our facilities, impose significant operational restraints or require new or additional financial assurance related to our operations. Regarding any permit that has been issued, it remains subject to renewal, modification, suspension or revocation by the agency with jurisdiction. Various laws impose cleanup or remediation liability on responsible parties, which are discussed in more detail below. Substances subject to cleanup liability have been or may have been disposed of or released on or under certain of our 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 facility sites. At some of our facilities, we have conducted and continue to conduct monitoring or remediation of known soil and groundwater contamination and, as required, we will continue to perform such work. It is possible that monitoring or remediation could be required in the future at other facilities we own or operate, or previously owned or operated. These monitoring and remediation efforts are usually overseen by environmental regulatory agencies. Further, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners or other third parties to file claims for personal injury or property damage allegedly caused by the release of regulated substances into the environment. In addition, from time to time, our intermodal services business undertakes the transport of hazardous materials. This transportation function is also regulated by various federal, state, provincial and potentially local agencies. A number of major statutes and regulations apply to our operations, which are generally enforced by regulatory agencies. Typically, in the United States, federal statutes establish the general regulatory requirements governing our operations, but in many instances these programs are delegated to the states, which have independent and sometimes more strict regulation. In Canada, it is typically provincial statutes that establish the primary regulatory requirements governing our waste operations. Federal statutes in Canada govern certain aspects of waste management, including international and interprovincial transport of certain kinds of waste. Certain of these statutes in the United States and Canada contain provisions that authorize, under certain circumstances, lawsuits by private citizens to enforce certain statutory provisions. In addition to penalties, some of these statutes authorize an award of attorneys fees to parties that successfully bring such an action. Enforcement actions for a violation of these statutes and related rules, or for a violation of or failure to have a permit, which is required by certain of these statutes, may include administrative, civil and criminal/regulatory penalties, as well as injunctive relief in some instances. In our ordinary course of business, we incur significant costs complying with these statutes, regulations and applicable standards they impose. A brief description of certain of the primary statutes affecting our operations is discussed below. Laws and Regulations A. Waste and Hazardous Substances 1. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, or RCRA In the United States, RCRA regulates the generation, treatment, storage, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste and requires states to develop programs to ensure the safe disposal of solid waste. Regulations promulgated under RCRA impose broad requirements on the waste management industry. In October 1991, the EPA adopted what are known as the Subtitle D Regulations, which govern solid non-hazardous waste landfills. The Subtitle D Regulations establish, among other things, location restrictions, minimum facility design and performance standards, operating criteria, closure and post-closure requirements, financial assurance requirements, groundwater monitoring requirements, groundwater remediation standards and corrective action requirements. These and other applicable requirements, including permitting, are typically implemented by the states, and in some instances, states have enacted more stringent requirements. Waste related to oil and gas exploration and production, or E P, is typically regulated differently than those wastes designated as hazardous waste. Regarding the management and disposal of E P waste, although E P wastes may contain hazardous constituents, most E P waste is exempt from stringent RCRA regulation as a hazardous waste. We are required to obtain permits for the land treatment and disposal of E P waste as part of our operations. The construction, operation and closure of E P waste land treatment and disposal operations are generally regulated at the state level. These regulations vary widely from state to state. None of our oilfield waste recycling, treatment and disposal facilities are currently permitted to accept hazardous wastes. Some wastes handled by us that currently are exempt from regulation as hazardous wastes may in the future be designated as hazardous wastes under RCRA or other applicable statutes if changes in laws or regulations were to occur. If the RCRA E P waste exemption is repealed or modified, we could become subject to more rigorous and costly operating and disposal requirements. A breach of laws or regulations governing facilities we operate may result in suspension or revocation of necessary permits, civil liability, and imposition of fines and penalties. Moreover, if we experience a delay in obtaining, are unable 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 to obtain, or suffer the revocation of required permits, we may be unable to serve our customers, our operations may be interrupted and our growth and revenue may be limited. RCRA also regulates underground storage of petroleum and other materials it defines as regulated substances. RCRA requires tank registration, compliance with technical standards for tanks, release detection and reporting and corrective action, among other things. Certain of our facilities and operations are subject to these requirements, which are typically implemented at the state level and may be more stringent in certain states. 2. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or CERCLA CERCLA, which is also known as the Superfund law, established a program in the United States allowing federal authorities to provide for the investigation and cleanup of facilities where, or from which, a release of any hazardous substance into the environment has occurred or is threatened. CERCLA defines hazardous substances broadly. One of the primary ways that CERCLA addresses a release or threatened release of hazardous substances is by imposing strict, joint and several liability for cleanup on its broad categories of responsible parties. This means that responsible parties can bear liability without fault and that each responsible party potentially could bear liability for the entirety of cleanup costs, notwithstanding its individual contribution. Generally, responsible parties are current owners and/or operators of the contaminated site; former owners and operators of the site at the time when the hazardous substances were disposed; any person who arranged for treatment or disposal of the hazardous substances; and transporters who selected the disposal site. In addition to CERCLA s liability framework, the EPA may issue orders directing responsible parties to respond to releases of hazardous substances. Further, the EPA and private parties who have response liability to the EPA or who have incurred response costs, can bring suit against other responsible parties to seek to recover certain costs incurred in their response efforts. CERCLA also imposes liability for the cost of evaluating and remedying damage to natural resources. Various states have enacted laws analogous to and independent of CERCLA that also impose liability, which is typically strict and joint and several, for investigation, cleanup and other damages associated with the release of hazardous or other regulated substances. We may handle hazardous substances within the meaning of CERCLA, or hazardous and other substances regulated under similar state statutes, in the course of our ordinary operations. As a result, we may be jointly and severally liable under CERCLA or similar states statutes for all or part of the costs required to cleanup sites if and where these hazardous substances have been released into the environment. CERCLA and these analogous state laws and regulations may also expose us to liability for acts or conditions that were in compliance with applicable laws at a prior time. Under certain circumstances, our sales of residual crude oil collected as part of the saltwater injection process could result in liability to us if the residual crude contains hazardous substances or is covered by one of the state statutes and the entity to which the oil was transferred fails to manage and, as necessary, dispose of it or components thereof in accordance with applicable laws. Additionally, the EPA is considering the possible inclusion of certain additional contaminants to CERCLA s list of hazardous substances. Among these substances are per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, PFAS, and bisphenol A, or BPA. Regarding PFAS, EPA issued a proposal on August 26, 2022 to designate two of the most widely used PFAS Perfluorooctanoic Acid, or PFOA, and Perfluorooctanesulfonic Acid, or PFOS, as CERCLA hazardous substances. The inclusion of these substances in CERCLA s definition of hazardous substances may alter or increase cleanup liabilities associated with ongoing cleanup activities, or potentially give rise to additional liability, including for acts or conditions that were in compliance with applicable laws when they occurred. 3. Canadian Waste Legislation The primary waste laws regulating our business in Canada are imposed by the provinces. These include provincial laws that regulate waste management, including requirements to obtain permits and approvals, and regulations with respect to the operation of transfer stations and landfilling sites. Each provincial jurisdiction in Canada has its own regulatory regime; however, the key requirements under these regimes are similar across Canada. For example, the Environmental Protection Act, or the EP Act, in Ontario and its underlying regulations regulate the generation, treatment, storage, handling, transportation and disposal of wastes in Ontario, among other things. The EP Act requires an approval or, in some cases, a registration, for the establishment, operation or alteration of a waste management system (which includes all facilities or equipment used in connection with waste) or a waste disposal site. The specific terms and conditions of an approval may impose emission limits, monitoring and reporting requirements, siting and operating criteria, financial assurance or insurance and decommissioning requirements. Certain landfilling sites are subject to more stringent regulatory requirements that can include detailed prescribed design standards, leachate collection systems, landfill gas management 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 or collection systems and/or site closure plans including post-closure care requirements. The federal Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 imposes requirements with respect to the interprovincial and international movement of hazardous wastes and hazardous recyclable material, which can affect the movement of wastes and recyclables to our Canadian facilities. The expansion or establishment of certain waste management projects, including waste treatment and landfilling sites, may also be subject to provincial or federal environmental assessment requirements. A breach of laws or regulations governing our operations may result in suspension or revocation of necessary approvals and imposition of fines and penalties. Moreover, if we experience a delay in obtaining, are unable to obtain, or suffer the revocation of required approvals, we may be unable to serve our customers, our operations may be interrupted, and our growth and revenue may be limited. 4. Canadian Contaminated Sites Legislation There are provincial and federal laws in Canada that regulate spills and releases of substances into the environment and require the remediation of contaminated sites. Clean up of contaminated sites in connection with our business is primarily regulated by provincial environmental laws. Each province has its own regulatory regime; however, the key requirements under these regimes are similar across Canada. For example, the EP Act in Ontario authorizes the agency to issue orders to responsible persons to undertake remedial or other corrective actions to investigate, monitor, and remediate the discharge or presence of contaminants in the environment. These orders can generally be issued on a joint and several liability basis to categories of responsible persons, including persons who caused or permitted the discharge of a contaminant, persons who owned the discharged substance, as well as current and past owners of lands or the source of the contamination and persons who have or have had management or control over lands or the source of the contamination. Responsible parties can bear liability under an order without fault. The costs to comply with an order can be very substantial. Some provincial jurisdictions provide a statutory right to compensation from the owner or person in control of a substance that is discharged into the environment to any person who suffers loss as a result. The federal government has also enacted laws that regulate the release of certain substances into the environment. We handle many contaminants and pollutants in the course of our ordinary operations and, as a result, may be liable under provincial and federal statutes for all or part of required cleanup costs if substances have been released into the environment. Under such laws, we could be required to remove previously disposed substances and wastes (including substances disposed of or released by prior owners or operators) or remediate contaminated property (including soil and groundwater contamination, whether from prior owners or operators or other historic activities or spills). B. Wastewater/Stormwater Discharge 1. The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, or the Clean Water Act The Clean Water Act regulates the discharge of pollutants from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, solid waste disposal facilities, transfer stations and oilfield waste facilities into Waters of the United States, or WOTUS, including surface and potentially ground waters. Under the Clean Water Act, sites or facilities that discharge pollutants to WOTUS must have a permit authorizing that discharge. If certain materials such as run-off, collected leachate, or other contaminants from our owned or operated facilities, including landfills, transfer stations, or other facilities, are discharged into streams, rivers or other regulated waters, the Clean Water Act requires a discharge permit. These permits typically contain requirements to conduct monitoring and, under certain circumstances, to treat and reduce the quantity of pollutants in such discharge. Further, if a landfill or other facility discharges wastewater through a treatment works, it may be required to comply with additional permitting or treatment, and other specific requirements. Also, virtually all landfills are required to comply with the EPA s storm water regulations, which are designed to prevent the introduction of contaminated storm water run-off into United States waters. At this time, the ultimate regulatory test for defining WOTUS is unsettled, and the determination therefore will be based upon the outcome of regulatory promulgations and associated litigation, that are currently pending. The manner in which WOTUS is defined could affect our operations by potentially increasing or modifying regulatory requirements governing our discharges. In 2015, the Clean Water Rule was promulgated, which would expand federal control over many U.S. water resources by broadening the definition of WOTUS, thereby potentially classifying a larger range of water resource types as jurisdictional under the Clean Water Act. Since promulgation of the 2015 Clean Water Rule, the EPA 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 and the Army Corps of Engineers, or the Corps, have sought to rescind it and to promulgate a revised definition of WOTUS that would establish federal jurisdiction more narrowly, thereby reducing the scope of Clean Water Act applicability. To that end, on December 11, 2018, the EPA and the Corps proposed a rule to redefine WOTUS. Eventually, in October 2019, the 2015 Clean Water Rule was repealed, effectively reverting to the pre-2015 regulatory definition as of December 23, 2019. On April 21, 2020, the EPA published a new Navigable Waters Protection Rule, or NWPR, narrowing the scope of federal jurisdiction over waterways and wetlands. This rule went into effect on June 22, 2020. In 2021, the NWPR was vacated and remanded by two separate federal district courts. In response to these decisions, the EPA halted implementation of the NWPR, stating that it would now be interpreting [WOTUS] consistent with the pre-2015 regulatory regime until further notice. On December 7, 2021, the EPA and the Corps published a proposed rule restoring definitions used before the 2015 Rule, relying on case-by-case wetland and waterway determinations. Subsequently, on December 30, 2022, the EPA and the Corps announced the final Revised Definition of Waters of the United States rule, which it based largely on the pre-2015 definition, and provided several implementation memoranda. The rule provides categories of waterbody type, implements both the relatively permanent standard and the significant nexus standard and seeks to account for regional differences in waters through use of the EPA s regionally-tailored implementation tools. Further litigation may be brought regarding this new rule. If the proposed rule is upheld as published, it is likely that the scope of the jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act regarding WOTUS will be expanded. As a result, we could face increased costs and delays in obtaining permits under the Clean Water Act. Further, this regulatory uncertainty may increase costs to our customers. As a result, an expansion of the scope of the WOTUS definition could adversely affect our business. Additionally, the Clean Water Act s spill prevention, control and countermeasure requirements require development of site-specific plans, and appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help contain and prevent the contamination of regulated waters in the event of a hydrocarbon storage tank release. The Clean Water Act also contains provisions that can prohibit development or require permitting before construction or expansion of a landfill may occur in areas designated as wetlands. Various states in which we operate or may operate in the future have been delegated authority to implement the Clean Water Act and its permitting requirements, and some of these states have adopted regulations that are more stringent than federal Clean Water Act requirements, including regulating discharges to state waters in addition to WOTUS. 2. Safe Drinking Water Act, or SDWA Our United States E P underground injection operations are subject to, among other laws, the SDWA, as well as analogous state laws and regulations. Under the SDWA, the EPA established the underground injection control, or UIC, program, which includes requirements for permitting, testing, monitoring, record keeping and reporting of injection well activities, as well as a prohibition against the migration of fluid containing any contaminant into underground sources of drinking water. Certain state regulations require us to obtain permits from the applicable regulatory agencies to operate our underground injection wells. Leakage from the subsurface portions of injection wells could cause degradation of fresh groundwater resources, potentially resulting in suspension of our UIC permit, fines and penalties, the incurrence of expenditures for remediation of the affected resource and potential liability to third parties for property damages. The EPA has been reviewing whether management and disposal of E P wastes should be subject to additional regulation. In July 2018, the EPA partnered with New Mexico to assess alternatives to immediate disposal of E P wastewater by reusing it and/or treating it for reintroduction into the hydrologic cycle, as well as potential regulations related thereto. Moreover, in May 2019, EPA issued its draft Study of Oil and Gas Extraction Wastewater Management Under the Clean Water Act regarding EPA s examination of whether to alter its regulation of the treatment and discharge of E P wastewater. The final report was released in May 2020. The EPA has yet to determine its next steps for managing E P wastewater under the Clean Water Act. If regulations requiring reuse or treatment are developed and implemented on a broad scale, it may increase our (or our customers compliance costs or reduce the volume of E P wastes that may be disposed of via underground injection, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 3. Canadian Water Protection Legislation There is legislation in Canada at both the federal and provincial levels that protects water quality and regulates the discharge of substances into the aquatic environment. Federal water pollution control authority is derived primarily from the Fisheries Act, which contains provisions for the protection of water quality and fish habitat. This includes a general 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 prohibition on the deposit of any deleterious substances into water that is frequented by fish, unless otherwise authorized. There is legislation in each provincial jurisdiction that also protects water sources and regulates water pollution, and generally requires an approval or permit for a discharge of any effluent, including in some cases stormwater, into a water body. For example, in Ontario, the Ontario Water Resources Act, or OWRA, prohibits the discharge of material of any kind into any water that may impair the quality of the water. The OWRA requires that an approval be obtained for the use and operation of certain sewage and stormwater works. Such approvals typically contain monitoring requirements and impose restrictions on effluent characteristics. Other provinces in Canada have similar regimes for the protection of water. If run-off or other contaminants from our landfills, transfer stations or other waste facilities are discharged or migrate into waters and cause impairment, we could face significant liability under provincial and federal laws. C. Air Emissions 1. The Clean Air Act, or CAA In the United States, the CAA generally regulates the emissions of air pollutants from a variety of sources, including certain landfills and oilfield waste facilities, based on factors such as the date of the construction and tons per year of emissions of regulated pollutants. Typically, federal requirements are delegated to the states and implemented at the state level. The CAA and analogous state laws require permits for and impose other restrictions on facilities and equipment that have the potential to emit pollutants into the atmosphere. Under the CAA, generally a facility deemed to be a major source must be authorized by a permit, known as a federal operating permit. Additional or more stringent regulations of our facilities may occur in the future, which could increase operating costs or impose additional compliance burdens. In those situations where major source permitting is not required, typically state laws and rules will require permitting as a type of minor source. Larger landfills and landfills located in areas where the ambient air does not meet certain air quality standards called for by the CAA may be subject to even more extensive air pollution controls and emissions limitations. In addition to the potential air emissions permitting of landfill facilities, such permitting may be required for the construction of gas collection and flaring systems, composting and other operations giving rise to emissions. In some instances, major source federal operating permits, may be required depending on the nature and volume of air emissions. In addition to permitting, the CAA imposes other regulatory obligations, including, in some instances, performance standards on operations and equipment. For example, in certain instances, major sources are subject to emissions limitations known as maximum achievable control technology, or MACT. The EPA has promulgated regulations requiring MACT on large MSW landfills. The MACT standards imposed on landfill emissions often require installation of landfill gas collection systems. The EPA has also issued what are known as new source performance standards, or NSPS, which detail requirements regarding control of landfill gases from new, modified, or reconstructed, among other things, MSW landfills. Regarding facilities that are not subject to the NSPS, the EPA has promulgated emissions guidelines, specifying standards of performance for existing MSW landfills. The emissions guidelines are implemented and enforced by states through State Implementation Plans, or SIPs, which contain the state-specific regulations and guidance directly applying the emissions guidelines to affected sources in the state through permitting, monitoring, and other means. If one or more states do not submit approvable SIPs by the emissions guideline s prescribed deadline, the EPA is required to promulgate what is known as a Federal Implementation Plan, or FIP, for the emissions guideline, which then governs the operation of covered sources in states and territories without SIPs in place. Applicability of NSPS, emissions guidelines, and implementation plans generally depends on whether the MSW landfill facility is a new source or an existing source. New sources, which are subject to NSPS requirements, generally are those MSW landfill facilities that were constructed, modified or reconstructed after July 17, 2014. Existing sources, which are subject to the emissions guidelines and their associated state and federal implementation plans, are generally those landfills that commenced construction, modification, or reconstruction on or before July 17, 2014. New sources are subject to NSPS under Title 40, Part 60, Subpart XXX of the Code of Federal Regulations (Subpart XXX), which were issued on August 29, 2016. Subpart XXX specifies standards for landfill gas control. The Subpart XXX NSPS reduces the threshold for non-methane organic compounds at which new, reconstructed or modified MSW landfills must install emission controls. Subpart XXX also requires monitoring surface emissions of methane, monitoring of temperature and pressure at the wellhead of landfill gas collection systems and imposes other requirements. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Existing landfills, which are not subject to NSPS Subpart XXX, are indirectly governed by the emissions guidelines and the SIPs or FIPs implementing these requirements. The EPA promulgated what are known as the Subpart Cf emissions guidelines on August 29, 2016. These emissions guidelines triggered a requirement for states to submit SIPs implementing the emissions guidelines limits. In February 2020, the EPA found that 42 states and territories had failed to submit approvable SIPs by the deadline, which had been extended to 2019. The EPA published its proposed FIP in August 2019, and finalized it in May 2021 with an effective date of June 21, 2021. The FIP imposed compliance requirements consistent with Subpart Cf for existing sources in those states without an EPA-approved SIP. The FIP also replaced compliance obligations under certain legacy regulations. Together, the Subpart XXX and Subpart Cf regulations lower the non-methane organic compounds applicability threshold at which both new and existing MSW landfills must install a gas collection and control system, and impose other regulatory requirements. As a result of this and other regulatory actions affecting air emissions from our facilities, it is possible that we could face greater operational burdens and costs, as well as other requirements could have a material effect on landfill operations, and adversely affect our business. Additionally, in March 2020, the EPA finalized amendments to the most recent MSW Landfill NSPS and emission guidelines that would allow regulated entities to demonstrate compliance with landfill gas control, operating, monitoring, recordkeeping and reporting requirements by following the corresponding requirements in the MSW Landfills National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutant, or NESHAP, regulations at Subpart AAAA. These amendments were intended to improve compliance and implementation of the regulations. Compliance with these regulatory requirements could result in significant additional costs, which we will incur in our ordinary course of business. In addition, state air regulatory agencies may request delegation of authority to implement the FIP and state law requirements may impose additional restrictions beyond federal requirements, which could also result in compliance costs. For example, some state air programs uniquely regulate odor and the emission of certain specific toxic air pollutants. The EPA recently modified, or is in the process of modifying, other standards promulgated under the CAA in a manner that could increase our compliance costs. For example, the EPA has discussed modifying national ambient air quality standards, or NAAQS, applicable to carbon monoxide and oxides of sulfur and nitrogen, as well as other standards, to make them more stringent. The NAAQS standards for particulate matter, published December 18, 2020, retained the NAAQS levels from 2012, and the ozone NAAQS, published December 31, 2020, retained 2015 NAAQS levels. On June 10, 2021, the EPA announced it will reconsider the December 2020 decision. These standards must be reviewed every five years, and the current administration may propose more restrictive standards in the future. It is possible these additional regulations could result in, among other things, additional capital or operating expenditures. Further, our customers operations may be subject to existing and future CAA permitting and regulatory requirements that could have a material effect on their operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, increase the operating costs and otherwise impact financial condition and operating results. Further, the EPA published a proposed rule in November 2021 aimed at reducing GHG emissions from the oil and natural gas sector by limiting methane and VOC emissions from new sources constructed or modified after November 2021, proposing Emission Guidelines for certain existing sources and amending NSPS OOOOa to rescind changes made during the prior administration. As further detailed below, in November 2022, the EPA issued a supplemental proposal seeking to implement more stringent standards than those in the 2021 proposed rule and adding proposed requirements for sources not previously covered. While these changes should not directly affect our waste disposal operations, if finalized as proposed, their applicability to our customers in the E P industry may result in decreased development and, therefore, decreased waste production. If these rules are enacted as written, we may experience a decreased demand for E P waste disposal services. 2. Canadian Air Quality Legislation In Canada, the primary laws regulating air emissions from our operations come from provincial laws. Provincial laws may require approvals for air emissions and may impose other restrictions on facilities and equipment that have the potential to emit pollutants into the atmosphere. Provincial laws may require the construction of landfill gas management systems, including gas collection and flaring systems, which are subject to approvals or other regulatory requirements. Failure to obtain an approval or comply with approval requirements could result in the imposition of substantial administrative or regulatory penalties. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 D. Occupational Health and Safety 1. The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, or the OSH Act In the United States, the OSH Act is administered by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, and many state agencies whose programs have been approved by OSHA. The OSH Act establishes employer responsibilities for worker health and safety, including the obligation to maintain a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, comply with adopted worker protection standards, maintain certain records, provide workers with required disclosures and implement certain health and safety training programs. Various OSHA standards may apply to our operations, including standards concerning notices of hazards, safety in excavation and demolition work, the handling of asbestos and asbestos-containing materials and worker training and emergency response programs. Moreover, the Department of Transportation, OSHA, and other agencies regulate and have jurisdiction concerning the transport, movement and related safety of hazardous and other regulated materials. In some instances, state and local agencies also regulate the safe transport of such materials to the extent not preempted by federal law. 2. Canadian Occupational Health and Safety Laws In Canada, each province establishes and administers a provincial occupational health and safety regime. Similar to the United States, these regimes generally identify the rights and responsibilities of employers, supervisors and workers. Employers are required to implement all prescribed safety requirements and to exercise reasonable care to protect employees from workplace hazards, among other things. Various occupational health and safety standards may apply to our Canadian operations, including requirements relating to communication of and exposure to hazards, safety in excavation and demolition work, the handling of asbestos and asbestos-containing materials and worker training and emergency response programs. In addition to the provincial departments of transportation, Transport Canada has jurisdiction to regulate the transportation of dangerous goods, which can include wastes. E. Additional Regulatory Considerations We also review regulatory developments that may affect our business, including, among others, those described below. 1. State, Provincial and Local Regulation In addition to the federal statutes regulating our operations, each state or province where we operate or may operate in the future has laws and regulations governing the management, generation, storage, treatment, handling, transportation, and disposal of solid waste, E P waste, occupational safety and health, water and air pollution and, in most cases, the siting, design, operation, maintenance, corrective action, closure and post-closure maintenance of landfills and transfer stations. Further, many municipalities have enacted or could enact ordinances, local laws and regulations affecting our operations, including zoning and health measures that limit solid waste management activities to specified sites or activities. Other jurisdictions have enacted fitness rules focusing on companywide and overall corporate compliance history in making permitting decisions. In addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted flow control provisions that direct or restrict the delivery of solid wastes to specific facilities, laws that grant the right to establish franchises for collection services and bidding for such franchises and bans or other restrictions on the movement of solid wastes into a municipality. Specific state and local permits for our operations may be required and may be subject to periodic renewal, modification or revocation by the issuing agencies. There has also been an increasing trend at the state, provincial and local levels to mandate and encourage waste reduction at the source and recycling, and to prohibit or restrict landfill disposal of certain types of solid wastes, such as food waste, yard waste, leaves, tires, electronic equipment waste, painted wood and other construction and demolition debris. The enactment of laws or regulations reducing the volume and types of wastes available for transport to and disposal in landfills could prevent us from operating our facilities at their full capacity. 2. Hydraulic Fracturing Regulation We do not conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, but we do provide treatment, recovery and disposal services in the United States for the fluids used and wastes generated by our customers in such operations. Recently, there has been 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 increased public concern regarding the alleged potential for hydraulic fracturing to adversely affect the environment, including drinking water supplies. Proposals have been made to enact separate federal, state or local legislation that would increase the regulatory burden imposed on hydraulic fracturing. Laws and regulations have been proposed and/or adopted at the federal, state and local levels that would regulate, restrict or prohibit hydraulic fracturing operations or require the reporting and public disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. Certain states and localities have placed moratoria or bans on hydraulic fracturing or the disposal of waste therefrom, or have considered the same. In June 2016, the EPA promulgated a rule prohibiting discharges of wastewater pollutants from onshore unconventional oil and gas extraction facilities to publicly-owned treatment works, or POTWs. Further, the EPA s promulgation and subsequent revision of methane and VOC rules between 2016 and 2021 caused regulatory uncertainty for oil and gas exploration and production facilities, including hydraulic fracturing operations. In November 2021, the EPA again proposed rules to regulate methane and VOCs from the oil and gas industry sources. The proposed rules would enact a new NSPS, under Subpart OOOOb, which would include standards for emission sources not regulated previously under the 2016 NSPS OOOOa. Additionally, the proposed rules include the first oil and gas emissions guidelines for existing sources, known as Subpart OOOOc. If finalized, the emissions guidelines will require states to submit and implement SIPs to enforce the guidelines on existing oil and gas emissions sources. These emissions guidelines will include fugitive leak detection surveys for smaller well site sources and regular leak detection surveys using optical gas imaging for larger sources well site sources, compressor stations and pneumatic controllers. If leaks are detected at covered sources, equipment repair or replacement would be required within a certain time period. In November 2022, the EPA proposed a rule to implement more stringent requirements than those in the 2021 proposed rule and to regulate additional sources not previously regulated. If finalized, the rule would, among other things, increase fugitive emissions monitoring requirements for all sites and would no longer exclude wellhead-only sites; require monitoring at all well sites for the life of the site until plugged; create a Super-Emitter Response Program to quickly identify large leaks for mitigation; increase stringency of equipment regulations; and revise leak detection protocols. If these rules are enacted as proposed, they may require oil and gas operators to expend material sums on compliance, including on equipment repair or replacement. The costs associated with OOOOc compliance may reduce our customers E P activities and could have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, several states have adopted or proposed laws and regulations analogous to or even more stringent than the federal rules that would remain in effect regardless of the outcome of any federal stay or litigation. Further, several states in which we conduct business require oil and natural gas operators to disclose information concerning their operations, which could result in increased public scrutiny. The EPA has contemplated additional rulemaking that could affect the exploration and production industry sector. In May 2014, the EPA issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, or ANPR, under the Toxic Substances Control Act, or TSCA, seeking comment on whether and how the EPA should regulate the reporting or disclosure of the use of hydraulic fracturing chemical substances and mixtures and their constituents. Several states have implemented such requirements. Additionally, in December 2016, the EPA released a study on the environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water. In that study, the EPA found evidence that hydraulic fracturing activity can impact drinking water resources under some circumstances, but data gaps limited the EPA s ability to fully assess the matter. The EPA also published in May 2018 a detailed study of centralized waste treatment, or CWT, facilities accepting oil and gas extraction wastewater. The study assessed the regulatory status of CWTs, characteristics of wastewaters discharged from them, available treatment technologies and associated costs. EPA has yet to implement regulations or guidelines based on this study. The impact of rules that the EPA is contemplating, has proposed or has recently promulgated will be uncertain until the rules are finalized and fully implemented. If new federal, state or local laws, regulations or policies restricting hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such legal requirements could result in delays, eliminate certain drilling and injection activities and make it more difficult or costly for our customers to perform hydraulic fracturing. Any such regulations limiting, prohibiting or imposing operational requirements on hydraulic fracturing could reduce oil and natural gas E P activities by our customers and, therefore, adversely affect our business. Such laws or regulations could also materially increase our costs of compliance. 3. Disposal of Drilling Fluids Certain of our facilities in the United States accept drilling fluids and other E P wastes for disposal via underground injection. The disposal of drilling fluids is generally regulated at the state level, and claims, including some regulatory 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 actions, have been brought against some owners or operators of these types of facilities for nuisance, seismic disturbances and other claims in relation to the operation of underground injection facilities. To date, our facilities have not been subject to any such litigation, but could be in the future. 4. Climate Change Laws and Regulations Generally, the promulgation of climate change laws or regulations restricting or regulating greenhouse gas, or GHG, emissions from our operations could increase our costs to operate by increasing control technology requirements or changing regulatory obligations. In the United States, the EPA s current and proposed regulation of GHG emissions may adversely impact our operations. Pursuant to the EPA s rulemakings and interpretations, certain air permits issued on or after January 2, 2011 must address GHG emissions. As a result, new or modified emissions sources may be required to install Best Available Control Technology to limit GHG emissions, but future regulations may revise these requirements. Additionally, regulations in the Subpart OOO Federal Implementation Plan, the NSPS in Subpart XXX require the reduction of GHG emissions from new or modified landfills , as detailed above. In addition, the EPA s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule sets monitoring, recordkeeping and reporting requirements applicable to certain landfills and other entities. In June 2018, the Canadian federal government enacted the Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act, or GGPPA, which established a national carbon-pricing regime starting in 2019 for provinces and territories in Canada where there is no provincial regime in place or where the provincial regime does not meet the federal benchmark. Often referred to as the federal backstop, the federal carbon-pricing regime consists of a carbon levy that is applied to certain fossil fuels and an output-based pricing system, or OBPS, that is applied to certain industrial facilities with reported emissions of 50,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, or CO2e, or more per year. The minimum national price on carbon established by the GGPPA was equivalent to CAD 50 per tonne of CO2e in 2022. An Order Amending Schedule 4 to the Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act came into force on October 21, 2022, and implements an annual increase of CAD 15 per year to this carbon price for the calendar years 2023 2030. The price on carbon under the GGPPA rose to the equivalent of CAD 65 tonne of CO2e in 2023 and will reach CAD 170 per tonne of CO2e by 2030. The Canadian Net-Zero Emissions Accountability Act, which received royal assent on June 29, 2021, establishes Canada s federal framework for national GHG emissions reduction targets to attain net-zero emissions by 2050. While this new Act does not impose direct emission reduction obligations on our operations in Canada, it signifies the Canadian federal government s commitment to achieve GHG emissions reductions. Certain states and several Canadian provinces have promulgated legislation and regulations to limit GHG emissions through requirements of specific controls, carbon levies, cap and trade programs or other measures. Comprehensive GHG legislation or regulation, including carbon pricing, affects not only our business, but also that of our customers. Heightened regulation of our customers operations could also adversely affect our business. The regulation of GHG emissions from oil and gas E P operations may increase the costs to our customers of developing and producing hydrocarbons and, as a result, may have an indirect and adverse effect on the amount of E P waste delivered to our facilities. As discussed above, recently proposed EPA air emission rules applicable to oil and gas production sources in the United States may require additional emissions controls and increased capital costs for our customers, which could reduce their E P activities, and subsequently negatively impact our business operations. As discussed above, certain states have enacted rules analogous to or even more stringent than the federal rules. These statutes and regulations increase our costs and our customers costs, and future climate change statutes and regulations may have an impact as well. If we are unable to pass such higher costs through to our customers, or if our customers costs of developing and producing hydrocarbons increase, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. The impact of any potential rules affecting existing sources is uncertain. 5. Flow Control, Interstate, and International Waste Restrictions Certain permits and state and local regulations, known as flow control restrictions, may limit a landfill s or transfer station s ability to accept waste that originates from specified geographic areas, to import out-of-state waste or wastes originating outside the local jurisdictions or to otherwise accept non-local waste. While certain courts have deemed these 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 laws to be unenforceable, other courts have not. Certain state and local jurisdictions may seek to enforce flow control restrictions contractually. These actions could limit or prohibit the importation of wastes originating outside of local jurisdictions or direct that wastes be handled at specified facilities. These restrictions could limit the volume of wastes we can manage in jurisdictions at issue and also result in higher disposal costs for our collection operations. If we are unable to pass such higher costs through to our customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. Additionally, certain local jurisdictions have sought or may seek to impose extraterritorial obligations on our operations in an effort to affect flow control and may enforce tax and fee arrangements on behalf of such jurisdictions. Changes to international waste importation and exportation laws may affect the price of recyclable scrap commodities. Price fluctuations, in turn, may adversely affect our business. For example, the Chinese government banned the importation of all materials classified by China as solid waste and virtually all recyclables (except for certain metallic recyclables) as of January 1, 2021. Other international restrictions also limit the transportation of waste and recyclable scrap. The Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, or the Convention, is an international multilateral agreement regulating the export and import of waste, including hazardous waste, for recovery and disposal. The Convention also prohibits the movement of waste between parties to the Convention and non-parties unless the waste is moved pursuant to a separate agreement. Canada is a party to the Convention and has implemented domestic legislation to implement Canada s commitment to the Convention and other similar international commitments. The Convention was amended, effective January 1, 2021, to restrict the movement of non-hazardous plastic scrap in certain circumstances. In 2022, the Convention was amended to list both hazardous and non-hazardous e-waste in the Annexes of the Convention. The amendments will become effective January 1, 2025. Federal waste regulations in Canada impose restrictions and permitting requirements with respect to transboundary movements of certain hazardous wastes and recyclable materials. The United States is not a party to the Convention; however, Canada and the United States have a separate agreement with respect to the transboundary movements of hazardous wastes. Increased restriction of transboundary waste shipment could create additional burdens associated with recyclable commodity fluctuation. These restrictions, in addition to circumstances caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, have caused and may continue to cause supply chain disruptions in the recycling industry. Further legal restrictions to recyclable scrap shipments may increase the cost of doing business and/or cause disruptions in our operations. 6. Regulation of Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances, or PFAS, and Other Emerging Contaminants At this time, several substances are being reviewed by governmental authorities for potential heightened regulation, including PFAS. PFAS, a class of man-made chemicals, have been in use since the 1940s and are found in many consumer products including textiles, fire suppressants, cookware, packaging and plastics. These types of products and materials can be found in wastes that our facilities accept and have accepted for management and disposal. PFAS are environmentally persistent and tend to bioaccumulate in exposed populations. PFAS contamination has been found in the air, soil and water, including drinking water. This contamination has prompted action by Congress, EPA and several states. EPA has begun to examine the potential regulation of PFAS materials under the SWDA, RCRA, CERCLA and TSCA. EPA established lifetime health advisories for PFAS materials in May 2016. The PFAS Act of 2019, as part of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020, directed the EPA Administrator to take certain actions with regard to PFAS; it also immediately added certain PFAS to the list of chemicals covered by the TRI under EPCRA Section 313 and provided a framework for additional PFAS to be added to TRI on an annual basis. Under the 2019 PFAS Act, EPA was further directed to include PFAS substances in the SDWA monitoring program for unregulated contaminants and to promulgate a rule requiring PFAS data submission under TSCA. Since that time, EPA has taken a significant number of steps regarding PFAS. In addition to the PFAS Act of 2019, EPA has undertaken actions that indicate further PFAS regulation is likely forthcoming. For example, on October 18, 2021, EPA announced its PFAS Strategic Roadmap wherein it laid out a whole-of-agency approach to addressing PFAS. The roadmap sets timelines by which EPA planned to take specific actions and commits to more stringent PFAS policies. EPA released its one-year PFAS Roadmap Progress Report in November 2022, and simultaneously announced plans to hold virtual community engagement events in 2023. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, in an October 26, 2021 letter to the Governor of New Mexico, the EPA Administrator announced the EPA would initiate a proposed rulemaking to list four PFAS chemicals as hazardous constituents under RCRA. The Administrator also stated that EPA would amend its regulations to clarify that emerging contaminants such as PFAS can be addressed through the RCRA Corrective Action Program, which gives the EPA authority to require investigation and cleanup for hazardous wastes. On August 26, 2022, EPA issued a proposal to designate as CERCLA hazardous substances two of the most widely used PFAS Perfluorooctanoic Acid, or PFOA, and Perfluorooctanesulfonic Acid, or PFOS. Listing PFAS as a CERCLA hazardous substance would potentially expand the universe of substances giving rise to cleanup liability. EPA has published Action Plans to potentially address the risk of PFAS contamination. In April 2022, EPA issued a memorandum to seek to minimize PFAS pollution in surface water as EPA works to set effluent guidelines, develop analytical methods and issue water quality criteria for PFAS. Subsequently, in December 2022, EPA issued a follow-up memorandum recommending states and municipalities use the most current sampling and analysis methods in their NPDES programs to identify known or suspected sources of PFAS and to take actions using their pretreatment and permitting authorities, such as imposing technology-based limits on sources of PFAS discharges. State governments are also beginning to regulate PFAS. Certain states have taken action to limit exposure to PFAS and require remediation of PFAS-related environmental contamination. Much of the state action has been directed at drinking water limits, but in some instances, bills and policies have included PFAS prohibitions in food packaging, consumer products, and firefighting products. The EPA is also considering regulation of other contaminants of concern, including bisphenol A, or BPA, and phthalates, which are common in PVC products. If the EPA moves forward with regulating these or other contaminants of concern, we may face higher compliance costs for, among other things, treatment of leachate and landfill gas. PFAS are the subject of environmental and health reviews by the federal government in Canada. PFAS, including PFOS, PFOA and certain long chain perfluorocarboxylic acids, or LC-PFCA, are listed as toxic substances on Schedule 1 of the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 and are subject to restrictions on their use in Canada. Environmental screening values and standards, and drinking water guidelines, exist in some jurisdictions in Canada in relation to some PFAS substances. Additionally, the Canadian federal government published on April 24, 2021 a notice of its intent to move forward with additional actions to address the broader class of PFAS, including research and monitoring of PFAS, reviewing PFAS as a class of chemicals and reviewing policy developments in other jurisdictions. Given the increasing concern regarding PFAS in the environment, including PFAS in groundwater and in leachate at waste disposal sites, increased regulatory requirements may be imposed in Canada in the future. Increased regulation of PFAS and other emerging contaminants could adversely affect our operations. Our already-substantial financial obligations associated with post-closure maintenance at our existing landfills may increase and accruals for these obligations may also need to be increased. Guidance calling for enhanced treatment of landfill leachate and landfill gas could potentially increase burdens for disposal of PFAS-containing materials generated by our facilities or accepted at our facilities, some of which may potentially need to be upgraded to accept PFAS-containing waste. Finally, regulation of PFAS as an air contaminant and/or waste water effluent pollutant could increase the cost to conduct our business, including, without limitation, potentially requiring greater capital expenditures to meet control requirements as well as operation and maintenance costs. F. Renewable and Low Carbon Fuel Standards Pursuant to the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA promulgated the Renewable Fuel Standards, or RFS, which require refiners to either blend renewable fuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel, into their transportation fuels or to purchase renewable fuel credits, known as renewable identification numbers, or RINs, in lieu of blending. In some cases, landfill gas generated at our landfills in the United States and Canada qualifies as a renewable fuel for which RINs are available. Such RINs can be sold by the Company. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The price of RINs has been extremely volatile and the value of RINs is dependent upon a variety of factors, including the required volumes promulgated by the EPA. The EPA annually establishes the renewable fuel volumes required under the RFS for the following year. The 2020 renewable fuel and 2021 biomass-based diesel volume requirements were published on February 6, 2020, increasing required volumes from 2019 requirements. The regulation was judicially challenged in the D.C. Circuit, but the challenge was held in abeyance and remains unresolved. On December 7, 2021, EPA proposed a series of actions setting biofuel volumes for 2020, 2021 and 2022, and introducing other regulatory changes. EPA also proposed to add a 250-million-gallon supplemental obligation to the volumes proposed for 2022 and stated its intent to add another 250 million gallons in 2023 to address the outcome of prior litigation. Subsequently, on June 3, 2022, the EPA finalized a set of actions establishing 2020, 2021 and 2022 renewable fuel volume blending obligations for the refining industry under the RFS Program. Multiple EPA actions were announced simultaneously to address several outstanding, delayed and challenged EPA decisions regarding the RFS program, including denying and restoring blending volume obligations waived through small refinery exemptions. EPA also announced 700 million in CARES Act funding through the Biofuel Producer Program paid as compensation to eligible biofuels producers for COVID-19 related market losses. On December 1, 2022, EPA announced a proposed rule to establish 2023, 2024 and 2025 RFS volumes and percentage standards. The proposed rule additionally includes regulatory changes that prescribe how RINs from renewable electricity, or eRINs, would be implemented and managed under the RFS program, which would allow parties to register with EPA and generate eRINs produced from qualifying renewable biomass used as transportation fuel. These volume proposals may be met with opposition, consistent with action taken regarding prior regulations. If successful, efforts to cause reductions or limitations on the requirement to blend renewable fuel would likely reduce the volume of RINs purchased to meet the RFS blending requirements. Further, there have been proposals to revise, and in some instances limit, the RFS program in the United States. As recently as October 2019, House Energy and Commerce Committee members, Representatives Shimkus and Flores, introduced the 21st Century Transportation Fuels Act that aims to eliminate volume-based renewable fuels mandates and instead rely upon the transition to a national octane standard and automobile manufacturing standards to govern fuel composition. This bill was referred to the Subcommittee on Environment and Climate Change in October 2019, but no further action has been taken. Various parties have also sought for the executive branch to revise the RFS. Limiting or eliminating the RFS could have the effect of reducing or eliminating the volume of RINs required to meet blending requirements, which could adversely affect the demand for RINs and accordingly the revenue stream we have historically derived from the sale of RINs. Further, uncertainty associated with RFS regulatory requirements may increase volatility of RIN prices, which may adversely affect our business. The Clean Fuel Regulations, or CFRs, under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 were registered and came into force on June 21, 2022 (with the exception of two sections that will come into force on September 30, 2024) The CFRs will replace the Renewable Fuel Regulations, or RFRs, which were established in August 2010 and require primary suppliers to have an average renewable content of at least 5 for gasoline that they produce in Canada and/or import, and 2 for diesel fuel and heating distillate oil. The CFRs maintain these volumetric requirements in addition to the obligations discussed below. Unlike the RFRs, the CFRs require greenhouse gas, or GHG, reductions on a lifecycle basis, accounting for emissions from the extraction, processing, distribution and end use of the fuel. The CFRs establish lifecycle carbon intensity, or CI, limits for each fuel type (gasoline and diesel), expressed in grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (gCO2e/MJ). Gasoline and diesel producers and importers must lower the CI of the gasoline and diesel that they produce in Canada and/or import in accordance with these limits. Rather than requiring each primary supplier to calculate the current CI of their unique gasoline and diesel pools, the CFRs establish a baseline CI for each fuel. Primary suppliers must lower the CI of their gasoline and diesel pools by an amount equal to the difference between the baseline CI for that fuel and the CI limit for the corresponding compliance period. The CFRs require gasoline and diesel producers and importers in 2023 to reduce the CI of the gasoline and diesel they produce in, and import into, Canada from 2016 CI levels by 3.5 gCO2e/MJ. The reductions will iteratively become more stringent over the years, increasing to a 14 gCO2e/MJ reduction below 2016 levels by 2030. Compliance requirements under the CFR will come into effect on July 1, 2023, with the first compliance review in December 2023. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The CFRs establish a credit market, and each compliance credit is equivalent to a one-tonne reduction of life cycle CO2e emissions for the applicable compliance period. During each compliance period, primary suppliers must use the number of credits necessary to meet their reduction requirement. Compliance credits can either be created by primary suppliers or transferred to them by other registered creators. Compliance credits are the only mechanism for primary suppliers to achieve compliance with their reduction requirement. There are three main categories of credit-creating action: undertaking projects that reduce the lifecycle CI of liquid fossil fuels; supplying low carbon fuels and supplying fuel or energy to advanced vehicle technology. Primary suppliers may also create a compliance credit if they make a contribution to a registered funding program to satisfy 10 of their total reduction requirement for that compliance period for all types of fuels. Several Canadian provinces have also promulgated legislation and regulations to implement low carbon fuel policies. At this time, we do not know how the new CFRs in Canada will impact demand for, or value of, our renewable fuel in Canada. G. Regulation of Naturally Occurring Radioactive Metals, or NORM Certain states have enacted laws and regulations regulating NORM. In the course of our E P waste operations, some of our equipment involved in E P waste management and disposal may be exposed to naturally occurring radiation associated with oil and gas deposits. Further, certain E P wastes we handle could be NORM contaminated. NORM wastes exhibiting levels of naturally occurring radiation exceeding established state standards are typically subject to special handling and disposal requirements, and any storage vessels, piping, equipment and work area affected by NORM waste may be subject to remediation or restoration requirements. It is possible that we may incur significant costs or liabilities associated with inadvertently handling NORM contaminated waste or equipment that becomes NORM contaminated based on exposure or contact with elevated levels of NORM. H. Extended Producer Responsibility, or EPR, Regulations EPR regulations place responsibility on product manufacturers or suppliers to assume certain waste management or recycling responsibility for their products after such products useful life or otherwise impose obligations on product manufacturers or suppliers to reduce the volume of waste associated with their products. EPR regulations have yet to be promulgated at the federal level in the United States, but have been promulgated or considered in state and local jurisdictions in the United States. For example, both Maine and Oregon enacted EPR legislation in 2021. Colorado and California enacted similar rules in 2022. These statutes require brands to provide funding to improve recycling infrastructure statewide. EPR regulations could have an adverse effect on our business if enacted at the federal level or if widely enacted by state or local governments. Numerous provincial jurisdictions in Canada have promulgated EPR and related waste diversion legislation and other programs that mandate or encourage recycling and waste reduction and restrict the landfill disposal of certain types of waste. The enactment of new and more stringent regulations reducing the types or volumes of wastes available for disposal in landfills could impact our future operations. I. Right to Repair President Joe Biden issued Executive Order 14036 on July 9, 2021 , directing the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, in the United States to draft regulations that limit the ability of original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, to restrict independent repairs of their products. This order aims to reduce the amount of waste produced by electronics and other goods by reducing the cost to repair or refurbish damaged items rather than discarding them. On July 21, 2021, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, voted unanimously to increase enforcement against practices that limit consumer repair choices, and brought its first right-to-repair cases in 2022. On December 29, 2022, New York Governor Kathy Hochul signed the Digital Fair Repair Act into law, the first major right-to-repair state legislation. Similar regulatory initiatives have been proposed in Canada at the federal level and in some provinces. If such rules are issued or new regulatory requirements come into force, demand for electronic waste disposal could be reduced, potentially representing a reduction in demand for our services. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 J. State Public Utility Regulation In some states, public authorities regulate the rates that landfill operators may charge. The adoption of rate regulation or the reduction of current rates in states in which we own or operate landfills could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. K. Inflation Reduction Act The Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, of 2022 put in place broad-reaching tax, loan, incentive and other programs. The IRA s provisions include, but are not limited to: a lower eligibility threshold and higher dollar value for the updated 45Q tax credit for carbon capture and sequestration; new and expanded tax credits for certain renewable energy projects as well as tax credits for certain biogas projects for which construction is initiated by December 31, 2024; commercial electric vehicle credits; a charge on methane emissions from selected entities in the oil and gas industry; and reinstatement of the hazardous substance Superfund financing rate, among others. It is possible that as implemented, the IRC could increase the costs of operation for certain of our customers, including in the oil and gas industry. In the event that the IRA as implemented increases operational costs for our customers or reduces oil and gas E P activities by our customers, it could, therefore, adversely affect our business. At this time, however, it is unclear how these credits, fees, and programs will impact our business or the businesses of our customers. RISK MANAGEMENT, INSURANCE AND FINANCIAL SURETY BONDS Risk Management We maintain environmental and other risk management programs that we believe are appropriate for our business. Our environmental risk management program includes evaluating existing facilities and potential acquisitions for environmental law compliance. We do not presently expect environmental compliance costs to increase materially above current levels, but we cannot predict whether future acquisitions will cause such costs to increase. We also maintain a worker safety program that encourages safe practices in the workplace. Operating practices at our operations emphasize minimizing the possibility of environmental contamination and litigation. Our risk management programs are designed, we believe, to ensure that our facilities are in material compliance with applicable federal, state and provincial regulations. Insurance We maintain an insurance program for automobile liability, general liability, employer s liability claims, environmental liability, cyber liability, employment practices liability and directors and officers liability as well as for employee group health insurance, property and workers compensation. Our loss exposure for insurance claims is generally limited to per incident deductibles or self-insured retentions. Losses in excess of deductible or self-insured retention levels are insured subject to policy limits. Under our current Company-wide insurance program, we carry per incident deductibles or self-insured retentions ranging from 250,000 to 2 million for cyber liability and directors and officers liability claims. Additionally, we have umbrella policies with insurance companies for automobile liability, general liability and employer s liability. Our property insurance limits are in accordance with the replacement values of the insured property. Under our current insurance program for our U.S. operations, we carry per incident deductibles or self-insured retentions ranging from 350,000 to 15 million for automobile liability claims, workers compensation and employer s liability claims, general liability claims, employee group health insurance and employment practices liability, environmental liability, and for most property claims, subject to certain additional terms and conditions. Since workers compensation is a statutory coverage limited by the various state jurisdictions, the umbrella coverage is not applicable. Our environmental protection insurance policy covers all owned or operated landfills, transfer stations and other facilities, subject to the policy terms and conditions. From time to time, actions filed against us include claims for punitive damages, which are generally excluded from coverage under our liability insurance policies. Our policy provides insurance for new pollution conditions that originate after the commencement of our coverage. Pollution conditions existing prior to the commencement of our coverage, if found, could be excluded from coverage. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Under our current insurance program for our Canadian operations, we carry per incident deductibles or self-insured retentions ranging from 350,000 to 5 million for automobile liability claims, property claims, employment practices liability and environmental liability. Since workers compensation is a provincial coverage limited by the various province jurisdictions, the umbrella coverage is not applicable. Employees are eligible to receive health coverage under Canada s public health care system and, in addition, most employees of our Canadian operations are eligible to participate in group medical and drug coverage plans sponsored by us. Our environmental protection insurance policy covers all owned or operated landfills, transfer stations and other facilities, subject to the policy terms and conditions. Our policy provides insurance for new pollution conditions that originate after the commencement of our coverage. Pollution conditions existing prior to the commencement of our coverage, if found, could be excluded from coverage. Financial Surety Bonds We use financial surety bonds for a variety of corporate guarantees. The financial surety bonds are primarily used for guaranteeing municipal contract performance and providing financial assurances to meet asset closure and retirement requirements under certain environmental regulations. In addition to surety bonds, such guarantees and obligations may also be met through alternative financial assurance instruments, including insurance, letters of credit and restricted cash and investment deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had provided customers and various regulatory authorities with surety bonds in the aggregate amount of approximately 811.2 million and 744.0 million, respectively, to secure our asset closure and retirement requirements and 636.2 million and 556.6 million, respectively, to secure performance under collection contracts and landfill operating agreements. We source financial surety bonds from a variety of third-party insurance and surety companies, including a company in which we own a 9.9 interest that, among other activities, issues financial surety bonds to secure landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations for companies operating in the solid waste sector. SEASONALITY Based on historic trends, excluding any impact from the COVID-19 pandemic or an economic recession, we would expect our operating results to vary seasonally, with revenues typically lowest in the first quarter, higher in the second and third quarters and lower in the fourth quarter than in the second and third quarters. This seasonality reflects (a) the lower volume of solid waste generated during the late fall, winter and early spring because of decreased construction and demolition activities during winter months in Canada and the U.S., and (b) reduced E P activity during harsh weather conditions, with expected fluctuation due to such seasonality between our highest and lowest quarters of approximately 10 . In addition, some of our operating costs may be higher in the winter months. Adverse winter weather conditions slow waste collection activities, resulting in higher labor and operational costs. Greater precipitation in the winter increases the weight of collected MSW, resulting in higher disposal costs, which are calculated on a per ton basis. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers as of February 3, 2023: 

Name Age Positions Ronald J. Mittelstaedt 59 Executive Chairman Worthing F. Jackman 58 President and Chief Executive Officer Darrell W. Chambliss 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer James M. Little 61 Executive Vice President Engineering and Disposal Patrick J. Shea 52 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Mary Anne Whitney 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Matthew S. Black (a) 50 Senior Vice President and Chief Tax Officer Robert M. Cloninger 50 Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary Jason J. Craft 47 Senior Vice President Operations David G. Eddie (a) 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Eric O. Hansen 57 Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer Susan R. Netherton 53 Senior Vice President People, Training and Development Andrea R. Click 46 Vice President Tax Keith P. Gordon 59 Vice President Information Systems Michelle L. Little 49 Vice President Engagement Solutions Shawn W. Mandel 56 Vice President Safety and Risk Management John M. Perkey 41 Vice President, Deputy General Counsel Compliance and Government Affairs Jason W. Pratt 43 Vice President Corporate Controller Kurt R. Shaner 57 Vice President Engineering and Sustainability Gregory Thibodeaux 56 Vice President Maintenance and Fleet Management Colin G. Wittke 60 Vice President Sales 

 (a) On December 1, 2022, the Company named Matthew S. Black as the Company s Senior Vice President Chief Accounting Officer, effective February 20, 2023. Mr. Black will assume the role from David G. Eddie, who will transition on that same date to a new role of Senior Vice President Performance Optimization. Ronald J. Mittelstaedt has been Executive Chairman of the Company since July 2019. From its formation in 1997 to that date, Mr. Mittelstaedt served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Mittelstaedt has served as a director of the Company since its formation, was elected Chairman in January 1998 and serves on the Executive Committee. He also served as President of the Company from its formation through August 2004. Mr. Mittelstaedt has more than 30 years of experience in the solid waste industry. He serves as a director of SkyWest, Inc. Mr. Mittelstaedt holds a B.A. degree in Business Economics with a finance emphasis from the University of California at Santa Barbara. Worthing F. Jackman has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since July 2019. He has also served as a director of the Company since that date. From July 2018 to July 2019, Mr. Jackman served as President of the Company. From September 2004 to July 2018, Mr. Jackman served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. From April 2003 to September 2004, he served as Vice President Finance and Investor Relations of the Company. Mr. Jackman held various investment banking positions with Alex. Brown Sons, now Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., from 1991 through 2003, including most recently as a Managing Director within the Global Industrial Environmental Services Group. In that capacity, he provided capital markets and strategic advisory services to companies in a variety of sectors, including solid waste services. Mr. Jackman serves as a director of Quanta Services, Inc. He holds a B.S. degree in Finance from Syracuse University and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. Darrell W. Chambliss has been Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since October 2003. From October 1, 1997 to that date, Mr. Chambliss served as Executive Vice President Operations of the Company. Mr. Chambliss has more than 30 years of experience in the solid waste industry. Mr. Chambliss holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from the University of Arkansas. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 James M. Little has been Executive Vice President Engineering and Disposal of the Company since July 2019. From February 2009 to that date, Mr. Little served as Senior Vice President Engineering and Disposal of the Company. From September 1999 to February 2009, Mr. Little served as Vice President Engineering of the Company. Mr. Little held various management positions with Waste Management, Inc. (formerly USA Waste Services, Inc., which acquired Waste Management, Inc. and Chambers Development Co. Inc.) from April 1990 to September 1999, including Regional Environmental Manager and Regional Landfill Manager, and most recently Division Manager in Ohio, where he was responsible for the operations of ten operating companies in the Northern Ohio area. Mr. Little is a certified professional geologist and holds a B.S. degree in Geology from Slippery Rock University. Patrick J. Shea has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company since July 2019. From August 2014 to that date, Mr. Shea served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company. From February 2009 to August 2014, Mr. Shea served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company. He served as General Counsel and Secretary of the Company from February 2008 to February 2009 and Corporate Counsel of the Company from February 2004 to February 2008. Mr. Shea practiced corporate and securities law with Brobeck, Phleger Harrison LLP in San Francisco from 1999 to 2003 and Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam Roberts (now Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP) in New York and London from 1995 to 1999. Mr. Shea holds a B.S. degree in Managerial Economics from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Cornell University. Mary Anne Whitney has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since February 2021. From July 2018 to that date, Ms. Whitney served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. From February 2018 to July 2018, Ms. Whitney served as Senior Vice President - Finance of the Company. From March 2012 to February 2018, Ms. Whitney served as Vice President - Finance of the Company. From November 2006 to March 2012, Ms. Whitney served as Director of Finance of the Company. Ms. Whitney held various finance positions for Wheelabrator Technologies from 1990 to 2001. Ms. Whitney holds a B.A. degree in Economics from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University Stern School of Business. Matthew S. Black has been Senior Vice President and Chief Tax Officer of the Company since January 2017. From March 2012 to that date, Mr. Black served as Vice President and Chief Tax Officer of the Company. From December 2006 to March 2012, Mr. Black served as Executive Director of Taxes of the Company. Mr. Black served as Tax Director for The McClatchy Company from April 2001 to November 2006, and served as Tax Manager from December 2000 to March 2001. From January 1994 to November 2000, Mr. Black held various positions, including Tax Manager, for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Black is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. degree in Accounting and Master s degree in Taxation from California State University, Sacramento. Robert M. Cloninger has been Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company since February 2022. From August 2014 to that date, Mr. Cloninger served as Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company. From February 2013 to August 2014, Mr. Cloninger served as Deputy General Counsel of the Company. He served as Corporate Counsel of the Company from February 2008 to February 2013. Mr. Cloninger practiced corporate, securities and mergers and acquisitions law with Schiff Hardin LLP in Chicago from 1999 to 2004 and Downey Brand LLP in Sacramento from 2004 to 2008. Mr. Cloninger holds a B.A. degree in History from Northwestern University and a J.D. degree from the University of California at Davis. Jason J. Craft has been Senior Vice President Operations of the Company since July 2020. From December 2014 to that date, Mr. Craft served as a Regional Vice President of the Company. From February 2010 to December 2014, Mr. Craft served as a Divisional Vice President of the Company. From July 2006 to February 2010, Mr. Craft served as a District Manager of the Company, and from November 2003 to July 2006 he served as a member of the Company s Operations Analysis and Integrations department. From April 2003 until November 2003, Mr. Craft served as a member of the Company s Internal Audit department. Mr. Craft held various accounting positions with The Newark Group Inc. from June 2000 to April 2003. Mr. Craft spent seven years in the military, both in the U.S. Navy and the Army National Guard. Mr. Craft holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from Montana State University. David G. Eddie has been Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since January 2011. From February 2010 to that date, Mr. Eddie served as Vice President Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. From March 2004 to February 2010, Mr. Eddie served as Vice President Corporate Controller of the Company. From 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 April 2003 to February 2004, Mr. Eddie served as Vice President Public Reporting and Compliance of the Company. From May 2001 to March 2003, Mr. Eddie served as Director of Finance of the Company. Mr. Eddie served as Corporate Controller for International Fibercom, Inc. from April 2000 to May 2001. From September 1999 to April 2000, Mr. Eddie served as the Company s Manager of Financial Reporting. From September 1994 to September 1999, Mr. Eddie held various positions, including Audit Manager, for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Eddie holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from California State University, Sacramento. Eric O. Hansen has been Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer of the Company since February 2019. From July 2004 to that date, Mr. Hansen served as Vice President Chief Information Officer of the Company. From January 2001 to July 2004, Mr. Hansen served as Vice President Information Technology of the Company. From April 1998 to December 2000, Mr. Hansen served as Director of Management Information Systems of the Company. Mr. Hansen holds a B.S. degree from Portland State University. Susan R. Netherton has been Senior Vice President People, Training and Development of the Company since February 2022. From July 2013 to that date, Ms. Netherton served as Vice President People, Training and Development of the Company. From February 2007 to July 2013, Ms. Netherton served as Director of Human Resources and Employment Manager of the Company. From 1994 to 2007, Ms. Netherton held various human resources positions at Carpenter Technology Corporation, a publicly-traded, specialty metals and materials company. Ms. Netherton holds a B.S. in Elementary Education from Kutztown University and an M.B.A. from St. Mary s College of California. Andrea R. Click has been Vice President Tax of the Company since February 2023. From February 2017 to that date, Ms. Click served as Executive Director of Tax of the Company. From February 2015 to January 2017, Ms. Click served as Tax Director of the Company. From February 2009 to February 2015, Ms. Click served as Tax Manager of the Company. From January 2007 to January 2009, Ms. Click served as Tax Analyst of the Company. Ms. Click served as Tax Analyst for The McClatchy Company from October 2004 to December 2006. Ms. Click is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting from California State University, Stanislaus. Keith P. Gordon has been Vice President Information Systems of the Company since January 2017. From September 2010 to that date, Mr. Gordon served as Director of Information Systems of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, he spent 14 years in leadership roles with CableData, DST Innovis and Amdocs, Inc. leading an international software development organization, as well as serving as CTO for a startup company that was acquired by LivingSocial. Mr. Gordon spent 11 years as an Army officer in a number of leadership positions including Company Commander and Battalion staff positions. Mr. Gordon has a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from United States Military Academy, West Point, and M.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University. Michelle L. Little has been Vice President Engagement Solutions of the Company since February 2023. From August 2019 to that date, Ms. Little served as Executive Director Engagement Solutions/HRIS of the Company. From January 2017 to August 2019, Ms. Little served as Vice President Accounting of the Company. From December 2007 to January 2017, Ms. Little served as Director of Accounting of the Company. From 2001 to 2006, Ms. Little held various accounting positions at companies including Apple Computer and Pearson Education. From September 1996 to June 2001, Ms. Little held various positions, including Manager in Transaction Services, for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Ms. Little is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Shawn W. Mandel has been Vice President Safety and Risk Management of the Company since January 2017. From May 2011 to that date, Mr. Mandel served as Director of Safety of the Company. From 1995 to 2011, Mr. Mandel held various Safety leadership positions with Republic Services (formerly Browning-Ferris Industries and Allied Waste) including Director of Safety. Mr. Mandel holds a B.A. degree in Business Administration from National University. John M. Perkey has been Vice President, Deputy General Counsel Compliance and Government Affairs of the Company since February 2022. From August 2017 to that date, Mr. Perkey served as Associate General Counsel Director of Compliance of the Company. He served as Operations Counsel of the Company from June 2011 to July 2017. Mr. Perkey practiced corporate, real estate, and mergers and acquisitions law with Roetzel Andress, LPA in Columbus, Ohio 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 from 2006 - 2011. Mr. Perkey holds a B.A. degree in Political Science from Ohio Wesleyan University and a J.D. degree from the University of Pittsburgh. Jason W. Pratt has been Vice President Corporate Controller of the Company since February 2020. From June 2016 to that date, Mr. Pratt served as Region Controller - Canada of the Company. From October 2012 to May 2016, Mr. Pratt served as Region Controller Western Region of the Company. From January 2007 to September 2012, Mr. Pratt served as Division Controller Mountain West Division and Division Controller Northern Washington Division of the Company. From July 2005 to December 2006, Mr. Pratt held various Assistant Controller and District Controller positions with the Company. From August 2003 to June 2005, Mr. Pratt served as Tax Accountant for LeMaster and Daniels, PLLC. Mr. Pratt holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting and an M.B.A with a concentration in Finance from the University of Portland in Oregon. Kurt R. Shaner has been Vice President Engineering and Sustainability of the Company since November 2020. From April 2002 to that date, Mr. Shaner served as the Eastern Region Engineering Manager of the Company. Mr. Shaner held various positions at Waste Management, Inc. and its predecessor companies from June 1990 through March 2002. From February 1988 through June 1990, Mr. Shaner worked as a consulting engineer focused on landfill design and permitting. Mr. Shaner is a professional engineer and received a B.S. degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Miami. Gregory Thibodeaux has been Vice President Maintenance and Fleet Management of the Company since January 2011. From January 2000 to that date, Mr. Thibodeaux served as Director of Maintenance of the Company. Mr. Thibodeaux has more than 35 years of experience in the solid waste industry having held various management positions with Browning Ferris Industries, Sanifill, and USA Waste Services, Inc. Before coming to the Company, Mr. Thibodeaux served as corporate Director of Maintenance for Texas Disposal Systems. Colin G. Wittke has been Vice President Sales and Customer Engagement since April 2022. From June 2016 to that date, Mr. Wittke was Vice President Sales of the Company. From June 2011 to May 2016, he served as Vice President, Sales and Marketing of Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd. Prior to that time, Mr. Wittke held various roles with Waste Management, Inc. for 19 years, including the position of Vice President, Sales and Customer Service. He has more than 30 years of experience in the solid waste industry. Mr. Wittke holds a BSc in Finance (cum laude) from Biola University in La Mirada, California. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our corporate website address is www.wasteconnections.com. We make our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and any amendments to such reports available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with or furnish them to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and with the securities commissions or similar regulatory authorities in Canada. The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to our website address or any third party s website address, including but not limited to the SEC s website and any websites maintained by the securities commissions or similar regulatory authorities in Canada, do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained in those websites and should not be considered part of this document unless otherwise expressly stated. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements based on expectations, estimates, and projections as of the date of this filing. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item 7 of Part II Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Risk Factors Related to Our Company and Industry Our industry is highly competitive and includes companies with lower prices, return expectations or other advantages, and governmental service providers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete and our operating results . Our industry is highly competitive and requires substantial labor and capital resources. Some of the markets in which we compete or will seek to compete are served by one or more large, national companies, as well as by regional and local companies of varying sizes and resources. Some of our competitors may be able to provide or be willing to bid their services at lower prices than we may be willing to offer, which could impact our ability to win new business or retain existing business, including municipal contracts that come up for renewal. We also compete with counties, provinces, municipalities and solid waste districts that maintain or could develop their own waste collection and disposal operations. These operators may have financial advantages over us because of their access to user fees and similar charges, tax revenues and tax-exempt financing. If we are not able to replace revenues from contracts lost through competitive bidding or early termination or from the renegotiation of existing contracts with other revenues within a reasonable time, our revenues could decline. In addition, existing and future competitors may develop or offer new services or technologies, new facilities or other advantages. Our inability to compete effectively could hinder our growth or negatively impact our operating results. Price increases may not be adequate to offset the impact of increased costs, or may cause us to lose customers . We seek price increases necessary to offset increased costs, to improve operating margins and to obtain adequate returns on our deployed capital. Continuing outsized inflationary pressures may outpace price increases or drive the need for additional price increases; and, contractual, general economic, competitive or market-specific conditions sometimes limit our ability to raise prices or otherwise impact our plans with respect to implementing price increases. As a result of these factors, we may be unable to offset increases in costs, improve operating margins and obtain adequate investment returns through price increases. We may also lose customers to lower-price competitors, and new competitors may enter our markets as we raise prices. Competition for acquisition candidates, consolidation within the waste industry and economic and market conditions may limit our ability to grow through acquisitions . We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions in addition to internal growth. Although we have and expect to continue to identify numerous acquisition candidates that we believe may be suitable, we may not be able to acquire them at prices or on terms and conditions favorable to us. Other companies have adopted or may in the future adopt our strategy of acquiring and consolidating regional and local businesses, and they may be willing to accept terms and conditions or valuations that we deem inappropriate. To the extent that competition increases, it may become uneconomical for us to make further acquisitions, or we may be unable to locate or acquire suitable acquisition candidates at price levels and on terms and conditions that we consider appropriate, particularly in markets we do not already serve. We expect that increased consolidation in the solid waste services industry will continue to reduce the number of attractive acquisition candidates. Moreover, general economic conditions and the factors impacting the environment for attractive investments, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, may affect the desire of the owners of acquisition candidates to sell their companies. As a result, we may have fewer acquisition opportunities, and those opportunities may be on less attractive terms than in the past, which could cause a reduction in our rate of growth from acquisitions. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so. While we expect we will be able to fund some of our acquisitions with our existing resources, additional financing to pursue additional acquisitions may be required. However, particularly if market conditions deteriorate, we may be unable to secure additional financing or additional financing may not be available to us on favorable terms, which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional acquisition opportunities. In addition, disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our credit facility or raise other capital. Our access to funds under the credit facility is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facility to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period. We may lose contracts through competitive bidding, early termination or governmental action . We derive a significant portion of our revenues from market areas where we have exclusive arrangements, including franchise agreements, municipal contracts and certificates issued by Washington State known as G Certificates. Many franchise agreements and municipal contracts are for a specified term and are, or will be, subject to competitive bidding in the future. For example, we have approximately 362 contracts, representing approximately 3.0 of our annual revenues, which are set for expiration or automatic renewal on or before December 31, 2023. Although we intend to bid on existing contracts subject to competitive bidding in the future and additional municipal contracts and franchise agreements, we may not be the successful bidder, or we may need to lower our price in order to retain the contract. In addition, some of our customers, including municipalities, have and others may terminate their contracts with us before the end of the terms of those contracts. Similar risks may affect our contracts to operate municipally-owned assets, such as landfills. Governmental action may also affect our exclusive arrangements. Municipalities may annex unincorporated areas within counties where we provide collection services. As a result, our customers in annexed areas may be required to obtain services from competitors that have been previously franchised by the annexing municipalities to provide those services. In addition, municipalities in which we provide services on a competitive basis may elect to franchise those services to other service providers. Unless we are awarded franchises by these municipalities, we will lose customers. Municipalities may also decide to provide services to their residents themselves, on an optional or mandatory basis, causing us to lose customers. If we are not able to replace revenues from contracts lost through competitive bidding or early termination or from the renegotiation of existing contracts with other revenues within a reasonable time, our revenues could decline. Municipalities sometimes also promulgate flow control laws and regulations requiring us to deliver waste we collect within a particular jurisdiction to facilities not owned or controlled by us, which could increase our costs and reduce our revenues. Our financial and operating performance may be affected by restrictions associated with renewals or the inability to renew landfill operating permits, obtain new landfills and expand existing ones . We currently own and/or operate 100 landfills throughout the United States and Canada. Our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends in part on our ability to acquire, lease, or renew landfill operating permits, expand existing landfills and develop new landfill sites. It has become increasingly difficult and expensive to obtain required permits and approvals to build, operate and expand solid waste management facilities, including landfills and transfer stations. In addition, approvals may include operating restrictions or additional requirements, which could impact financial results. Although generally less time consuming, the process of obtaining permits and approvals for E P landfills has similar uncertainties. Operating permits for landfills in states and provinces where we operate must generally be renewed every five to ten years, although some permits are required to be renewed more frequently. These operating permits often must be renewed several times during the permitted life of a landfill. The permit and approval process is often time consuming, requiring numerous hearings and compliance with zoning, environmental and other requirements. States and municipalities are also increasingly adopting requirements for environmental justice reviews as part of certain permitting decisions. These policies generally require permitting agencies to give heightened attention to the potential for projects to disproportionately impact low-income and minority communities. The permitting and approval process is frequently challenged by special interest and other groups, including those utilizing social media to further their objectives, and may result in the denial of a permit or renewal, the award of a permit or renewal for a shorter duration than we believed was otherwise required by law, or burdensome terms and conditions being imposed on our operations. For 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 example, see the discussions regarding the Los Angeles County, California Landfill Expansion Litigation A. Chiquita Canyon, LLC Lawsuit Against Los Angeles County in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may not be able to obtain new landfill sites or expand the permitted capacity of our existing landfills when necessary, and may ultimately be required to expense up to the carrying value of the landfill or expansion project, less the recoverable value of the property and other amounts recovered. Obtaining new landfill sites is important to our expansion into new, non-exclusive solid waste markets and in our E P waste business. If we do not believe that we can obtain a landfill site in a non-exclusive market, we may choose not to enter that market. Expanding existing landfill sites is important in those markets where the remaining lives of our landfills are relatively short. We may choose to forego acquisitions and internal growth in these markets because increased volumes would further shorten the lives of these landfills. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our operating results. Increases in labor costs and limitations on labor availability could impact our financial results . Labor is one of our highest costs and relatively small increases in labor costs per employee could materially affect our cost structure. A shortage of qualified employees in our markets, including due to impacts dating back to the COVID-19 pandemic, would require us to incur additional costs related to wages and benefits, to hire more expensive temporary employees or to contract for services with more expensive third-party vendors. In addition, higher turnover can result in increased costs associated with recruiting and training; it can also impact operating costs, including maintenance and risk. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent labor constraints, we have experienced increased competition with other businesses in our markets for qualified employees, which has driven higher turnover and increased the time it takes to fill job openings. Moreover, through January 2022 we continued to provide supplemental pay for our frontline workforce in response to labor constraints associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Increases in capital expenditures and the timing of receipt of fleet and equipment could impact our financial results . Increases in fleet, equipment and landfill construction costs due to cost pressures, acquisitions and new contracts could result in capital expenditures being higher than anticipated. In addition, supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, have and are expected to continue to result in higher costs, delays or lack of availability of fleet, equipment or supplies. This could impact our ability to generate free cash flow in line with our expectations, the timing of our free cash flow generation, or otherwise adversely affect our financial results. The level of exploration, development and production activity of E P companies will impact the demand for our E P waste services. The value of crude oil has impacted and may in the future impact the level of drilling activity in the basins where we operate; however, we cannot provide assurances that higher crude oil prices will result in increased capital spending and linear feet drilled by our customers in the basins where we operate. The level of investment and the amount of linear feet drilled in the basins where we operate may impact the ability of E P companies to access capital on economically advantageous terms or at all. In addition, E P companies may elect to decrease investment in basins where the returns on investment are inadequate or uncertain due to lower crude oil prices or volatility in crude oil prices. Energy transition, or a transformation of the global energy sector from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources, could also affect investments by E P companies in the basins where we operate. See the section Impairments of Property and Equipment and Finite-Lived Intangible Assets in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the impairment charges recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 on property and equipment in our E P waste operations. A portion of our growth and future financial performance depends on our ability to integrate acquired businesses, and the performance of our acquisitions . A component of our growth strategy involves achieving economies of scale and operating efficiencies by growing through acquisitions. We may not achieve these goals unless we effectively combine the operations of acquired businesses with our existing operations. In addition, we are not always able to control the timing of our acquisitions. Our inability to 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 complete acquisitions within the time frames that we expect may cause our operating results to be less favorable than expected, which could cause our share price to decline. In addition, we may change our strategy with respect to a market or acquired businesses and decide to sell such operations at a loss, or keep those operations and recognize an impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets. Similar risks may affect contracts that we are awarded to operate municipally-owned assets, such as landfills. Some acquisitions may not fulfill our anticipated financial or strategic objectives in a given market due to factors that we cannot control, such as market conditions, including the price of crude oil or the value of recycled commodities, market position, competition, customer base, loss of key employees, third-party legal challenges or governmental actions. In addition, acquisitions may have liabilities or risks that we fail or are unable to discover, or that become more adverse to our business than we anticipated at the time of acquisition. As a successor owner, we may be legally responsible for those liabilities that arise from businesses that we acquire, whether we expressly assume them or not, including as a result of sellers not having sufficient funds to perform their obligations or liabilities being imposed on us under various regulatory schemes and other applicable laws. In addition, our insurance program may not cover such sites and will not cover liabilities associated with some environmental issues that may have existed prior to attachment of coverage. A successful uninsured claim against us could harm our financial condition or operating results. Additionally, there may be other risks of which we are unaware that could have an adverse effect on businesses that we acquire or have acquired, such as foreign, state, provincial and local regulations and administrative risks. Another example of risk is interested parties that may bring actions against us in connection with operations that we acquire or have acquired. Furthermore, risks or liabilities we judge to be not material or remote at the time of acquisition may develop into more serious risks to our business. Any adverse outcome resulting from such risks or liabilities could harm our operations and financial results and create negative publicity, which could damage our reputation, competitive position and share price. The seasonal nature of our business and event-driven waste projects cause our results to fluctuate . Based on historic trends, excluding any impact from the COVID-19 pandemic or an economic recession, we would expect our operating results to vary seasonally, with revenues typically lowest in the first quarter, higher in the second and third quarters, and lower in the fourth quarter than in the second and third quarters. We expect the fluctuation in our revenues between our highest and lowest quarters to be approximately 10 . This seasonality reflects the lower volume of solid waste generated during the late fall, winter and early spring because of decreased construction and demolition activities during the winter months in Canada and the U.S., and reduced E P activity during harsh weather conditions. Conversely, mild winter weather conditions may reduce demand for oil and natural gas, which may cause our customers to curtail their drilling programs, which could result in production of lower volumes of E P waste. Adverse winter weather conditions, including severe storms or extended periods of inclement weather, slow waste collection activities, resulting in higher labor and operational costs. Greater precipitation in the winter increases the weight of collected solid waste, resulting in higher disposal costs, which are calculated on a per ton basis. Certain weather conditions, including severe storms, may result in temporary suspension of our operations, which can significantly impact the operating results of the affected areas. Conversely, weather-related occurrences and other event-driven waste projects can boost revenues through heavier weight loads or additional work for a limited time. These factors impact period-to-period comparisons of financial results, and our share price may be negatively affected by these variations. Our results will be affected by changes in recycled commodity prices and quantities . We provide recycling services to some of our customers. The recyclables we process for sale include paper products and plastics that are shipped primarily to customers in the United States, as well as other markets, including Asia. The sale prices of and the demand for recyclable commodities are frequently volatile and when they decline, our revenues, operating results and cash flows will be affected. The value of recyclables may be impacted by factors including: changes to international waste importation and exportation laws; quality concerns; the volatility of crude oil prices, which impacts plastic; and the demand for paper products, which impacts fiber, along with the extent to which manufacturers rely on recycled feedstock. During 2022, the value of recycled commodities decreased as a result of lower demand for fiber and other commodities associated with expectations of an economic slowdown. The pace of any recovery and the degree to which demand increases may impact the timing and extent of any recovery of recycled commodity values. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Singlestream recycling facilities process a wide range of commingled materials and tend to receive a higher percentage of non-recyclables, particularly in residential collection, which results in increased processing and residual disposal costs to achieve quality standards. As a result, we have increased the fees that we charge customers at our recycling facilities in order to recover the higher processing costs for recyclables. This may result in lower recycled commodity volumes at our recycling facilities, as customers may elect to pursue cheaper alternatives for processing or disposal. Any such reduction could impact revenues, operating results and cash flow. Some of our recycling operations offer rebates to customers based on the market prices of commodities we buy to process for resale. Therefore, if we recognize increased revenues resulting from higher prices for recyclable commodities, the rebates we pay to suppliers will also increase, which also may impact our operating results. To the extent that there is an economic slowdown, a resulting decline in demand for recycled commodities has and could in the future impact our revenues, operating results and cash flow. Our results will be affected by changes in the value of renewable fuels and quantities of gas generated and beneficially reused . Variations in the price of methane gas and other energy-related products that are marketed and sold by our landfill gas recovery operations affect our results. Pursuant to the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the United States EPA has promulgated the Renewable Fuel Standards, or RFS, which require refiners to either blend renewable fuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel, into their transportation fuels or to purchase renewable fuel credits, known as renewable identification numbers, or RINs, in lieu of blending. In some cases, landfill gas generated at our landfills in the United States and Canada qualifies as a renewable fuel for which RINs are available. The price of RINs has been extremely volatile and is dependent upon a variety of factors, including potential legislative changes, the availability of RINs for purchase, the demand for RINs, which is dependent on transportation fuel production levels, the mix of the petroleum business petroleum products and fuel blending performed at the refineries and downstream terminals, all of which can vary significantly from period to period. In addition, demand for RINs can be impacted by the ability of refineries to obtain small refinery exemptions, or SREs, through the EPA. Any reductions or limitations on the requirement to blend renewable fuel and any related waivers including SREs, would likely reduce the demand for RINs, which could impact the value of RINs. Pursuant to the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999, the Canadian federal government has promulgated the Clean Fuel Regulations (CFRs), which will replace the Renewable Fuel Regulations. Under the CFRs, gasoline and diesel producers and importers (primary suppliers) must lower the carbon intensity of the gasoline and diesel that they produce in Canada and/or import in accordance with prescribed limits through the use of compliance credits. Compliance credits can be created by primary suppliers or acquired from other registered creators of credits in accordance with the credit-creating mechanisms set out in the CFRs. At this time, we do not know how the new CFRs in Canada will impact the demand for, or value of, our renewable fuel in the future. A significant reduction in the value of RINs in the United States or the price paid for our renewable fuel in Canada could adversely impact our reported results. To manage a portion of this risk, we may enter into contractual agreements to sell RINs at a fixed price. As of December 31, 2022, we had no contractual fixed price agreements in place. Variations in the volume of methane gas generated, marketed and sold by our landfill gas recovery operations also affect our results. Our operations and gas generation rates are impacted by many variables, including the maintenance and operations of recovery wells and gas generation systems, the amount and type of waste in our landfills, the age of the landfill, weather and related temperature. In addition, there may be variability in the extent to which we are able to beneficially market and sell for beneficial reuse the gas generated and captured, including as a result of delays in the start-up of new facilities or other impacts to operations. Climate change, including adverse weather and the adoption of climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases, could adversely affect our operations and increase operating costs . Our operations and assets are subject to risks associated with the effects of climate change and adverse weather conditions. Risks associated with climate change, such as increased frequency and/or intensity of weather events, flooding, wildfires, sea level rise, and other weather- and climate-related events, could negatively impact our operations. For example, these events could disrupt or result in suspension of collection activities, disrupt landfill and transfer station operations, or hinder landfill development or expansion. It is also possible that these events could disrupt our customers businesses, thereby reducing the amount of waste generated by their operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Additional laws and regulations related to climate change, including restricting emissions of greenhouse gases, could also be promulgated, which could result in increased operational costs or disruption to our clients business, thereby impacting our operational results and financial condition. Conversely, favorable investor expectations regarding potential investment tax credits or other benefits stemming from the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may not materialize or could fail to meet expectations. Increases in insurance costs and the amount that we self-insure for various risks or limitations of our insurance coverage could reduce our operating margins and reported earnings . We maintain insurance policies for automobile, general, employer s, environmental, cyber, employment practices and directors and officers liability, as well as for employee group health insurance, property insurance and workers compensation. We carry umbrella policies for certain types of claims to provide excess coverage over the underlying policies and per incident deductibles or self-insured retentions. The amounts that we effectively self-insure could cause significant volatility in our operating margins and reported earnings based on the event and claim costs of incidents, accidents, injuries and adverse judgments. Our insurance accruals are based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported and are developed by our management with assistance from our third-party actuary and our third-party claims administrator. To the extent these estimates are inaccurate, we may recognize substantial additional expenses in future periods that would reduce operating margins and reported earnings. Furthermore, while we maintain liability insurance, our insurance is subject to coverage limitations. If we were to incur substantial liability on a covered claim, our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover the entirety of such liability. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. One form of coverage limitation concerns claims for punitive damages, which are generally excluded from coverage under all of our liability insurance policies. A punitive damage award could have an adverse effect on our reported earnings in the period in which it occurs. Significant increases in premiums on insurance that we retain, as well as higher deductibles or self-insured retentions, could reduce our margins. Increases in the price of diesel or compressed natural gas, or CNG, fuel may adversely affect our collection business and reduce our operating margins . The market price of diesel fuel is volatile. We generally purchase diesel fuel at market prices, which have fluctuated significantly in recent years, including as a result of geopolitical events or inflationary pressures, as experienced recently. This could adversely affect our waste collection business through a combination of higher fuel and disposal-related transportation costs and reduce our operating margins and reported earnings. To manage a portion of this risk, we have entered into fixed-price fuel purchase contracts. During periods of falling diesel fuel prices, it may become more expensive to purchase fuel under fixed-price fuel purchase contracts than at market prices. We utilize CNG, in a small percentage of our fleet and we may convert more of our fleet from diesel fuel to CNG over time. The market price of CNG is also volatile; a significant increase in such cost could adversely affect our operating margins and reported earnings. Our accruals for our landfill site closure and post-closure costs may be inadequate . We are required to pay capping, closure and post-closure maintenance costs for landfill sites that we own and operate as well as for landfills we operate under life-of-site agreements. Our obligations to pay closure or post-closure costs may exceed the amount we have accrued and reserved and other amounts available from funds or reserves established to pay such costs. In addition, the completion or closure of a landfill site does not end our environmental obligations. After completion or closure of a landfill site, there exists the potential for unforeseen environmental problems to occur that could result in substantial remediation costs or potential litigation. The potential increased regulation of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances PFAS ), bisphenol A BPA phthalates, methane and other emerging contaminants could result in greater expenditures for closure and post-closure costs. It is also possible that accruals may need to be expanded and that costs incurred related to these activities could be accelerated. Paying additional amounts for closure or post-closure costs and/or for environmental remediation and/or for litigation could harm our financial condition, operating results, or cash flow. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Our financial results could be adversely affected by impairments of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangibles or property and equipment . As a result of our acquisition strategy, we have a material amount of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangibles and property and equipment recorded in our financial statements. We do not amortize our existing goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles and are required to test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of the year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill and/or indefinite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable using the one-step process prescribed in the accounting guidance. The process screens for and measures the amount of the impairment, if any. The recoverability of property and equipment is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Application of the impairment test requires judgment. A significant deterioration in a key estimate or assumption or a less significant deterioration to a combination of assumptions could result in an additional impairment charge in the future, which could have a significant adverse impact on our reported results. See the sections Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets and Impairments of Property and Equipment and Finite-Lived Intangible Assets in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the impairment charges recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 on indefinite-lived intangible assets, definite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment in our E P waste operations. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our financial flexibility . As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 6.963 billion of total indebtedness outstanding, and we may incur additional debt in the future. This amount of indebtedness could: increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; expose us to interest rate risk to the extent that a portion of our indebtedness is at variable rates; limit our ability to obtain additional financing or refinancing at attractive rates; require the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund our growth strategy, working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; and place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less debt. 
 A portion of our indebtedness is at variable rates which are based on the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, which will cease publication by June 28, 2024. The Canadian Alternative Reference Rate working group, or CARR, supports the transition to Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average, or CORRA, rate. We are developing a plan to transition our indebtedness from CDOR to CORRA. In addition, 891.0 million of our indebtedness, including interest rate swaps, is at variable rates which are based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, as a result of the transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR. Although SOFR has been endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rate Committee as its preferred replacement for LIBOR, it remains uncertain whether or when SOFR or other alternative reference rates will be widely accepted by lenders as the replacement for LIBOR. This may, in turn, impact the liquidity of the SOFR loan market, and SOFR itself, with the risk of increased volatility, which could result in higher borrowing costs for us. Further, as the use of SOFR-based rates is relatively new, there could be unanticipated difficulties, disruptions or methodological or other changes with the calculation and publication of SOFR based rates, which in turn could trigger another benchmark transition or otherwise cause a reliance on an alternate base rate. This could also result in increased borrowing costs for us and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and earnings. Our ability to execute our financial strategy and our ability to incur indebtedness is somewhat dependent upon our ability to maintain investment grade credit ratings on our senior debt. The credit rating process is contingent upon our credit profile and several other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including methodologies established and 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 interpreted by third-party rating agencies. If we were unable to maintain our investment grade credit ratings in the future, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms could be adversely affected. Further, our outstanding indebtedness is subject to financial and other covenants, which may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events that are beyond our control. If we fail to comply with the covenants under any of our indebtedness, we may be in default under the indebtedness, which may entitle the lenders or holders of indebtedness to accelerate the debt obligations. A default under one of our loans or debt securities could result in cross-defaults under our other indebtedness. In order to avoid defaulting on our indebtedness, we may be required to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, reducing or eliminating dividends or share repurchases, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital, any of which may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. We may be unable to obtain performance or surety bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurances or to maintain adequate insurance coverage . If we are unable to obtain performance or surety bonds, letters of credit or insurance, we may not be able to enter into additional collection contracts or retain necessary landfill operating permits. Collection contracts, municipal contracts, transfer station operations and landfill closure and post-closure obligations may require performance or surety bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurance to secure contractual performance or comply with federal, state, provincial or local environmental laws or regulations. We typically satisfy these requirements by posting bonds or letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.447 billion of such surety bonds in place and 127.1 million of letters of credit issued and outstanding. Closure bonds are difficult and costly to obtain. If we are unable to obtain performance or surety bonds or additional letters of credit in sufficient amounts or at acceptable rates, we could be precluded from entering into additional collection contracts or obtaining or retaining landfill operating permits. Any future difficulty in obtaining insurance also could impair our ability to secure future contracts that are conditional upon the contractor having adequate insurance coverage. Accordingly, our failure to obtain performance or surety bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurances or to maintain adequate insurance coverage could limit our operations or violate federal, state, provincial, or local requirements, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Alternatives to landfill disposal may cause our revenues and operating results to decline . Counties and municipalities in which we operate landfills may be required to formulate and implement comprehensive plans to reduce the volume of MSW deposited in landfills through waste planning, composting, recycling or other programs, while working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. Some state, provincial and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of wastes, such as yard waste, food waste and electronics, at landfills. Even where not prohibited by state, provincial or local laws, some grocery stores and restaurants have chosen to divert their organic waste from landfills, while other companies have set zero-waste goals and communicated an intention to cease the disposal of any waste in landfills. Although such actions are useful to protect our environment, these actions, as well as the actions of our customers to reduce waste or seek disposal alternatives, have reduced and may in the future further reduce the volume of waste going to landfills in certain areas, which may affect our ability to operate our landfills at full capacity and could adversely affect our operating results. Labor union activity could divert management attention and adversely affect our operating results . From time to time, labor unions attempt to organize our employees, and these efforts are likely to continue in the future. Certain groups of our employees are represented by unions, and we have negotiated collective bargaining agreements with most of these unions. Additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future. As a result of these activities, we may be subjected to unfair labor practice charges, grievances, complaints and other legal and administrative proceedings initiated against us by unions or federal, state or provincial labor boards, which could negatively impact our operating results. Negotiating collective bargaining agreements with these unions could divert our management s attention, which could also adversely affect our operating results. If we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, we might have to wait through cooling off periods, which may be followed by work stoppages, including strikes or lock-outs. Depending on the type and duration of any such labor disruptions, our operating 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 expenses could increase significantly, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We could face significant withdrawal liability if we withdraw from participation in one or more multiemployer pension plans in which we participate and the accrued pension benefits are not fully funded . We participate in 17 multiemployer pension plans administered by employee and union trustees. We make periodic contributions to these plans to fund pension benefits for our union employees pursuant to our various contractual obligations to do so. In the event that we withdraw from participation in or otherwise cease our contributions to one of these plans, then applicable law regarding withdrawal liability could require us to make additional contributions to the plan if the accrued benefits are not fully funded, and we would have to reflect that withdrawal liability as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer plan would depend on the extent to which accrued benefits are funded. In the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions that participate in these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a multiemployer plan, and in that event, we could face withdrawal liability. Some multiemployer plans in which we participate may from time to time have significant accrued benefits that are not funded. The size of our potential withdrawal liability may be affected by the level of unfunded accrued benefits, the actuarial assumptions used by the plan and the investment gains and losses experienced by the plan. We have established long-term, aspirational targets associated with ESG and sustainability-related investments and projects which may or may not be achieved . Stakeholder input, business considerations, and potential regulation have reinforced the importance of developing and implementing environmental, social, and governance, or ESG, and sustainability initiatives. In 2020, we adopted long-term, aspirational sustainability targets, which we expanded in 2022; we also committed over 500 million for investments and projects to support these efforts. Our ability to achieve these targets will depend significantly on, among other things, the success of these investments and projects and our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives, which can be impacted by the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our business and the industry in which we operate. There is a risk that some or all of the expected benefits of these investments and projects may fail to materialize, may cost more to achieve or may not occur within the anticipated time periods, including as a result of limitations on technology or supply chain disruptions. In addition, there is a risk that the actions taken by us to achieve these targets may have a negative impact on our existing business and increase capital expenditures, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our failure to achieve these targets, or a perception among key stakeholders that such targets are insufficient or unattainable, could damage our reputation, competitive position and share price. There is increasing interest in companies developing and implementing more robust environmental, social, and governance policies and practices and disclosure around climate-related risk identification and mitigation. In addition, certain investors and lenders are incorporating ESG factors into their investment or lending process, alongside traditional financial considerations. Developing and implementing policies and practices, and developing additional disclosure in relation to climate change and other environmental and social risk issues, can involve significant costs and require a significant time commitment from our Board of Directors, management and employees. In addition, our failure to implement such policies, practices and disclosure could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position and share price and our ability to raise capital, even if our operating results or prospects have not changed. Our Company published its 2022 Sustainability Report, available at www.wasteconnections.com/sustainability, to communicate our efforts to our investors and stakeholders. The 2022 Sustainability Report does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we provide to the SEC or other securities regulators. Our business is subject to operational and safety risks, including the risk of personal injury to employees and others . Providing environmental and waste management services, including operating a commercial truck fleet and constructing and operating landfills, involves risks such as truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures. Additionally, we closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability and releases of 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 hazardous materials or odors that could be triggered by weather or natural disasters. There may also be risks presented by the potential for subsurface chemical reactions causing elevated landfill temperatures. We also build and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or third parties. Operation of fueling stations and landfill gas collection and control systems involves additional risks of fire and explosion. Any of these risks could potentially result in injury or death of employees and others, a need to shut down or reduce operation of facilities, increased operating expense and exposure to liability for pollution and other environmental damage, and property damage or destruction. While we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs and the use of personal protective equipment, if we were to incur substantial liabilities in excess of any applicable insurance coverage, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Any such incidents could also tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Additionally, a major operational failure, even if suffered by a competitor, may bring enhanced scrutiny and regulation of our industry, with a corresponding increase in operating expense. We depend significantly on the services of the members of our senior and regional management team, and the departure of any of those persons could cause our operating results to suffer . Our success depends significantly on the continued individual and collective contributions of our senior and regional management team. The loss of the services of any member of our senior and regional management or the inability to hire and retain experienced management personnel could harm our operating results. Our decentralized decision-making structure could allow local managers to make decisions that may adversely affect our operating results . We manage our operations on a decentralized basis. Local managers have the authority to make many decisions concerning their operations without obtaining prior approval from executive officers, subject to compliance with general company-wide policies. Poor decisions by local managers could result in the loss of customers or increases in costs, in either case adversely affecting operating results. General Risk Factors Our results are vulnerable to economic conditions . Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including higher inflation rates and economic slowdowns. Macroeconomic pressures, such as the outsized inflationary cost pressures experienced in 2022, have had and continue to have a significant impact on our operating costs and capital expenditures. Significant components of our operating expenses, including labor and third-party services relying largely on labor and fuel, have been impacted by increased inflation rates. We may be limited in our ability to dynamically address these impacts on a significant portion of our revenue under long-term contracts due to contractual provisions which may include limitations on the level of cost recovery through rate adjustments or a lag in any such recovery. Efforts to recover cost increases may also be limited by ongoing or increasing inflationary pressures and competitive market responses to higher pricing and continued cost pressures. The inability to adequately increase prices to offset increased costs and inflationary pressures, or otherwise mitigate the impact of these macroeconomic conditions on our business, may impact our financial results. In an economic slowdown, we may experience the negative effects of the following, any of which could adversely impact our operating income and cash flows: decreased waste generation, increased competitive pricing pressure, increased customer turnover, and reductions in customer service requirements. In a recessionary environment, two of our business lines that could see a more immediate impact are construction and demolition debris and E P waste disposal, as demand for new construction or energy exploration decreases. Our commercial and industrial collection activity and the related demand for our landfill disposal and other services may also be impacted, depending on the drivers of the economic 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 slowdown. In addition, a weaker economy may result in declines in recycled commodity prices. Worsening economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring economic recession could adversely affect our operating results and expected seasonal fluctuations. Further, we cannot assure that any improvement in economic conditions after such a slowdown will result in an immediate, if at all, positive improvement in our operating results or cash flows. Public health crises and the effects of related governmental initiatives have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may impact our operations or our customers operations in ways that adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in adverse impacts to our business. Fear of such events and their duration and spread might also alter consumer confidence, behavior and spending patterns, resulting in an economic slowdown that could continue to affect demand for our services. The ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will depend largely on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak in the U.S. and Canada, its severity, the actions to contain the novel coronavirus or treat its impact, including the distribution, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines, the severity of COVID-19 variants, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Our financial results are based upon estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results . In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, estimates and assumptions are made that affect the accounting for and recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates and assumptions must be made because certain information that is used in the preparation of our financial statements is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from data available or is not capable of being readily calculated based on generally accepted methodologies. In some cases, these estimates are particularly difficult to determine and we must exercise significant judgment. The most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that deal with the greatest amount of uncertainty are related to our accounting for landfills, self-insurance accruals, income taxes, allocation of acquisition purchase price, asset impairments and litigation, claims and assessments. Actual results for all estimates could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Income taxes may be uncertain . Our actual effective tax rate may vary from our expectation and that variance may be material. Tax interpretations, regulations and legislation in the various jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates operate are subject to measurement uncertainty and the interpretations can impact net income, income tax expense or recovery, and deferred income tax assets or liabilities. In addition, tax rules and regulations, including those relating to foreign jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and require judgment by us that may be challenged by the taxation authorities upon audit. Changes in our tax provision or an increase to our tax liabilities, whether due to legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cut and Jobs Act Tax Act or interpretations of the Tax Act, such as through final regulations and the potential reversal of its provisions by a subsequent federal administration, or a final determination of tax audits or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Future changes to U.S., Canadian and foreign tax laws could materially adversely affect us . We cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future, because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. For example, the U.S. Congress, the Canadian government, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations, including in the area of base erosion and 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 profit shifting, or BEPS, where payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. In 2019, Canada ratified the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or the MLI, as part of the OECD/G20 initiative to counter what was perceived as BEPS. The MLI entered into force in Canada on December 1, 2019 and entered into effect with respect to certain of Canada s tax treaties on January 1, 2020 for withholding taxes and with respect to certain other taxes (including capital gains taxes) for tax years beginning on or after June 1, 2020 (which, for us and our affiliates, in general, was January 1, 2021). The MLI may enter into effect at a later date for certain of Canada s tax treaties with countries that have not yet completed their domestic procedures to cause the MLI to come into effect. The MLI does not impact the tax treaty between Canada and the U.S. In addition, in the 2021 Canadian federal budget, the Canadian government indicated it would introduce measures consistent with the OECD s recommendations in the area of hybrid mismatch arrangements and introduced draft hybrid mismatch legislation on April 29, 2022 for public consultation, with those proposals applying, if they are implemented, as of July 1, 2022. A second Canadian legislative package is anticipated to be released, which would comprise the rules consistent with the OECD proposals that were not previously addressed. The international tax environment continues to change as a result of these and related tax policy initiatives and reforms. Although the timing and methods of implementation vary, numerous countries have responded to the BEPS project by implementing, or proposing to implement, changes to tax laws and tax treaties, at a rapid pace. As a result of these and other changes, the tax laws in the United States, Canada, and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect us and our affiliates. As a result of the rapidly changing and increasingly complex tax environment, our cost of tax compliance may increase and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations in Canada expose us to exchange rate fluctuations that could adversely affect our financial performance and our reported results of operations . Our operations in Canada are conducted primarily in Canadian dollars. Our consolidated financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations in Canada from Canadian dollars into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. Fluctuations in the exchange rates that are unfavorable to us, including those resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, would have an adverse effect on our financial performance and reported results of operations. Technology and Information Security Risks We are increasingly dependent on technology in our operations and a failure of our technology could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our financial results, damage our reputation, and expose us to litigation risk . Our businesses rely on computer systems to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. We also rely on a payment card industry-compliant third party to protect our customers credit card information. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that we continuously review and test. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to cybersecurity threats, system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic physical events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could be potentially subject to operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our revenues or could require significant investment to fix or replace them, and, therefore, could affect our operating results. A cybersecurity incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers, vendors and employees and expose us to increased liability. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 As we pursue our acquisition growth strategy and pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and reduce our costs, we are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. If our network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms or monitoring systems we use to address these threats to technology fail, the theft or compromise of confidential or otherwise protected company, customer or employee information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks could result in financial losses from remedial actions, business disruption, loss of business or potential liability, liabilities due to the violation of privacy laws and other legal actions, and damage to our reputation. If we are not able to develop and protect intellectual property, or if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a breakthrough technology, our financial results may suffer . Our existing and proposed service offerings to customers may require that we develop or license, and protect, new technologies. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. Further, protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of intellectual property is difficult, and any inability to obtain or protect new technologies could impact our services to customers and development of new revenue sources. Additionally, a competitor may develop or obtain exclusive rights to a breakthrough technology that claims to provide a revolutionary change in traditional waste management. If we have inferior intellectual property to our competitors, our financial results may suffer. Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Extensive and evolving environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may restrict our operations and growth and increase our costs . Existing environmental laws and regulations have become more stringently enforced in recent years. Further, under the new federal administration that took office in 2021 in the United States, it is possible that policies and initiatives of the prior administration could be reconsidered or even reversed, which could adversely affect our operating results. For example, a policy shift away from curtailment of regulation, narrowing Clean Water Act jurisdiction, or enabling oil and gas development on federal lands could adversely affect our business and our customers business. In addition, our industry is subject to regular enactment of new or amended federal, state, provincial and local environmental and health and safety statutes, regulations and ballot initiatives, as well as judicial decisions interpreting these requirements, which have become more stringent over time. Citizen suits brought pursuant to environmental laws as well as purported class actions based on nuisance and negligence claims related to alleged landfill odors have proliferated, along with the use of social media to drive such efforts. In addition, various state, provincial and local governments and the Canadian federal government have enacted, have the authority to enact or are considering enacting laws and regulations that restrict the movement or disposal within their jurisdictions of certain types of waste generated outside their jurisdictions. We expect these trends to continue, which could lead to material increases in our costs for future environmental, health and safety compliance. These requirements also impose substantial capital and operating costs and operational limitations on us and may adversely affect our business. In addition, federal, state, provincial and local governments may change the rights they grant to, the restrictions they impose on or the laws and regulations they enforce against, solid waste and E P waste services companies. These changes could adversely affect our operations in various ways, including without limitation, by restricting the way in which we manage storm water runoff, comply with health and safety laws, treat and dispose of E P or other waste or our ability to operate and expand our business. Governmental authorities and various interest groups in the United States and Canada have implemented laws and regulations designed to limit greenhouse gas, or GHG, emissions in response to growing concerns regarding climate change. For example, the State of California, the Canadian federal government and several Canadian provinces have enacted climate change laws, and other states and provinces in which we operate are considering similar actions. The EPA 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 made an endangerment finding in 2009 allowing certain GHGs to be regulated under the CAA. This finding allows the EPA to create regulations that will impact our operations including imposing emission reporting, permitting, control technology installation and monitoring requirements, although the materiality of the impacts will not be known until all applicable regulations are promulgated and finalized. The Canadian federal government enacted the Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act in June 2018, which established a national carbon-pricing regime starting in 2019 for provinces and territories in Canada where there is no provincial regime in place or where the provincial regime does not meet the federal benchmark. The minimum national price on carbon in Canada is equivalent to CAD 65 per tonne CO2e in 2023 and will increase to CAD 170 per tonne of CO2e by 2030. The Canadian Net-Zero Emissions Accountability Act, which received royal assent on June 29, 2021, establishes Canada s federal framework for national GHG emissions reduction targets to attain net-zero emissions by 2050. Several Canadian provinces have promulgated legislation and regulations to limit GHG emissions through requirements of specific controls, carbon levies, cap and trade programs or other measures. Comprehensive GHG legislation or regulation, including carbon pricing, affects not only our business, but also that of our customers. Regulation of GHG emissions from oil and natural gas E P operations may also increase the costs to our customers of developing and producing hydrocarbons, and as a result, may have an indirect and adverse effect on the amount of oilfield waste delivered to our facilities by our customers. These statutes and regulations increase the costs of our operations, and future climate change statutes and regulations may have an impact as well. Further, governmental authorities have considered or have begun to implement increased regulation of PFAS and potentially other emerging contaminants, which could adversely affect our operations. The regulation of these substances could increase or accelerate our financial obligations associated with closure obligations, post-closure maintenance and other environmental remediation related to our solid waste facilities. Further, more stringent permitting obligations, including those relating to air and wastewater, as well as enhanced treatment of landfill leachate and landfill gas could adversely affect our operations in various ways, including without limitation, increased operational expenses as well as treatment and disposal costs, greater capital expenditures to meet control requirements, costs of compliance with permitting and health and safety requirements, and litigation risk. We may be subject in the normal course of business to judicial, administrative or other third-party proceedings that could interrupt or limit our operations, require expensive remediation, result in adverse judgments, settlements or fines and create negative publicity . Governmental agencies may, among other things, impose fines or penalties on us relating to the conduct of our business, attempt to revoke or deny renewal of our operating permits, franchises or licenses for violations or alleged violations of environmental laws or regulations or as a result of third-party challenges, require us to install additional pollution control equipment or require us to remediate potential environmental problems relating to any real property that we or our predecessors ever owned, leased or operated or any waste that we or our predecessors ever collected, transported, disposed of or stored. Individuals, citizens groups, trade associations or environmental activists may also bring actions against us in connection with our current or former operations that could interrupt or limit the scope of our business or result in adverse judgments or settlements requiring substantial payments. For example, see the discussion regarding the Jefferson Parish, Louisiana Landfill Litigation in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings could harm our operations and financial results and create negative publicity, which could damage our reputation, competitive position and share price. Pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements . We are, and from time to time become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. Many of these matters raise complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties and complexities, all of which make the matters costly to address. For example, in recent years, wage and employment laws have changed regularly and become increasingly complex, which has fostered litigation, including purported class actions. Similarly, purported class actions based on claims related to allegedly unlawful landfill odors and rates and fees charged under certain contracts for collection services have proliferated, as have citizen suits brought pursuant to environmental laws, such as those regulating the treatment of storm water runoff. The 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See discussion in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Extensive regulations that govern the design, operation, expansion and closure of landfills may restrict our landfill operations or increase our costs of operating landfills . If we fail to comply with federal, state and provincial regulations, as applicable, governing the design, operation, expansion, closure and financial assurance of MSW, non-MSW and E P waste landfills, we could be required to undertake investigatory or remedial activities, curtail operations or close such landfills temporarily or permanently. Future changes to these regulations, including an increased regulation of PFAS, may require us to modify, supplement or replace equipment or facilities at substantial costs. If regulatory agencies fail to enforce these regulations vigorously or consistently, our competitors whose facilities are not forced to comply with the regulations may obtain an advantage over us. Our financial obligations arising from any failure to comply with these regulations could harm our business and operating results. Liabilities for environmental damage may adversely affect our financial condition, business and earnings . We may be liable for any environmental damage that our current or former operations cause, including damage to neighboring landowners or residents, particularly as a result of the contamination of soil, groundwater or surface water, and especially drinking water, or to natural resources. We may be liable for damage resulting from conditions existing before we acquired these operations. Even if we obtain legally enforceable representations, warranties and indemnities from the sellers of these operations, they may not cover the liabilities fully or the sellers may not have sufficient funds to perform their obligations. We may also be liable for any on-site environmental contamination caused by pollutants or hazardous substances the transportation, treatment or disposal of which we or our predecessors arranged or conducted. Some environmental laws and regulations may impose strict, joint and several liability in connection with releases of regulated substances into the environment. New or increased regulation of substances, such as PFAS or other emerging contaminants, could also lead to increased or previously unauthorized remediation costs or litigation risk. Therefore, in some situations we could be exposed to liability as a result of our conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct of, or conditions caused by, third parties, including our predecessors. If we were to incur liability for environmental damage, environmental clean-ups, corrective action or damage not covered by insurance or in excess of the amount of our coverage, our financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES As of December 31, 2022, we owned 359 solid waste collection operations, 157 transfer stations, 63 MSW landfills, nine E P waste landfills, 16 non-MSW landfills, 79 recycling operations, four intermodal operations, 22 E P liquid waste injection wells and 18 E P waste treatment and oil recovery facilities, and operated, but did not own, an additional 52 transfer stations, 12 MSW landfills and two intermodal operations, in 43 states in the U.S. and six provinces in Canada. Non-MSW landfills accept construction and demolition, industrial and other non-putrescible waste. We lease certain of the sites on which these facilities are located. We lease various office facilities, including our combined corporate and regional offices in Woodbridge, Ontario, Canada, where we occupy approximately 15,000 square feet of space. In addition, we lease our administrative and regional offices in The Woodlands, Texas, where we occupy approximately 96,000 square feet of space. We also maintain regional administrative offices in each of our other segments. We own a variety of equipment, including waste collection and transportation vehicles, related support vehicles, double-stack rail cars, carts, 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 containers, chassis and heavy equipment used in landfill, collection, transfer station, waste treatment and intermodal operations. We believe that our existing facilities and equipment are adequate for our current operations. However, we expect to make additional investments in property and equipment for expansion and replacement of assets in connection with future acquisitions. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information regarding our legal proceedings can be found under the Legal Proceedings section in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE None. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Waste Connections, Inc. is a corporation organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada. In 2016, the predecessor corporation, Waste Connections, Inc., a Delaware corporation, entered into a business combination with Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada Progressive Waste and the transaction, the Progressive Waste acquisition ). References to the Company and Waste Connections in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to the combined business after the business combination and to the Delaware corporation, now known as Waste Connections US, Inc., before the Progressive Waste acquisition. All references to dollars or used herein refer to U.S. dollars, and all references to CAD used herein refer to Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated. Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, and the Toronto Stock Exchange, or TSX, under the symbol WCN . As of February 3, 2023, there were 75 holders of record of our common shares. Because many of our common shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of shareholders represented by these record holders. On February 15, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.255 per common share. All dividends paid by us on our common shares after June 1, 2016 are designated as eligible dividends for Canadian federal income tax purposes and such treatment will continue unless a notification of change is posted on our website. Our Board of Directors will review the cash dividend periodically, with a long-term objective of increasing the amount of the dividend. We cannot assure as to the amounts or timing of future dividends. We have the ability under our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement (both as defined below) to repurchase our common shares and pay dividends provided we maintain specified financial ratios. On July 26, 2022, our Board of Directors approved, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, the annual renewal of our normal course issuer bid, or the NCIB, to purchase up to 12,859,066 of our common shares during the period of August 10, 2022 to August 9, 2023 or until such earlier time as the NCIB is completed or terminated at our option. Shareholders may obtain a copy of our TSX Form 12 Notice of Intention to Make a Normal Course Issuer Bid, without charge, by request directed to our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at (832) 442-2200. The timing and amounts of any repurchases pursuant to the NCIB will depend on many factors, including our capital structure, the market price of our common shares and overall market conditions. All common shares purchased under the NCIB will be immediately cancelled following their repurchase. Information regarding our NCIB plan can be found under the section Normal Course Issuer Bid in Note 14, Shareholders Equity, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Graph The following performance graph compares the total cumulative shareholder returns on our common shares over the past five fiscal years with the total cumulative returns for the S P 500 Index, the S P/TSX 60 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Waste and Disposal Services Index. The graph depicts a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns for our common shares. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in our common shares on December 31, 2017, and the reinvestment of all dividends. This chart has been calculated in compliance with SEC requirements and prepared by S P Global Inc. using the USD index in the case of the S P/TSX 60 Index. This graph and the accompanying text is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 

Base Indexed Returns Period Years Ending Company Name / Index Dec17 Dec18 Dec19 Dec20 Dec21 Dec22 Waste Connections, Inc. 100 105.47 129.93 147.93 197.93 193.93 S P 500 Index 100 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P/TSX 60 Index 100 84.78 108.88 116.99 151.09 132.06 Dow Jones U.S. Waste Disposal Services Index 100 100.11 135.25 144.12 201.48 190.59 THE SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE INCLUDED IN THIS GRAPH IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are forward-looking in nature. These include: Statements regarding our landfills, including capacity, duration, special projects, demand for and pricing of recyclables, landfill alternatives and related capital expenditures; Discussion of competition, loss of contracts, price increases and additional exclusive and/or long-term collection service arrangements; Forecasts of cash flows necessary for operations and free cash flow to reduce leverage as well as our ability to draw on our credit facility and access the capital markets to refinance or expand; Statements regarding our ability to access capital resources or credit markets at all or on favorable terms; Plans for, and the amount of, certain capital expenditures for our existing and newly acquired properties and equipment; Statements regarding fuel, oil and natural gas demand, prices, and price volatility; Assessments of regulatory developments and potential changes in environmental, health, safety and tax laws and regulations; and Other statements on a variety of topics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, credit risk of customers, seasonality, labor/pension costs and labor union activity, operational and safety risks, acquisitions, litigation results, goodwill impairments, insurance costs and cybersecurity threats. 
 These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, intends, may, might, will, could, should or anticipates, or the negative thereof or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. Our business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected by any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected include, but are not limited to, those listed under the heading ITEM 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10- K. There may be additional risks of which we are not presently aware or that we currently believe are immaterial that could have an adverse impact on our business. We make no commitment to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may change, unless required under applicable securities laws. Industry Overview The solid waste industry is local and highly competitive in nature, requiring substantial labor and capital resources. We compete for collection accounts primarily on the basis of price and, to a lesser extent, the quality of service, and compete for landfill business on the basis of tipping fees, geographic location and quality of operations. The solid waste industry has been consolidating and continues to consolidate as a result of a number of factors, including the increasing costs and complexity associated with waste management operations and regulatory compliance. Many small independent operators and municipalities lack the capital resources, management, operating skills and technical expertise necessary to operate effectively in such an environment. The consolidation trend has caused solid waste companies to operate larger 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 landfills that have complementary collection routes that can use company-owned disposal capacity. Controlling the point of transfer from haulers to landfills has become increasingly important as landfills continue to close and disposal capacity moves farther from the collection markets it serves. Generally, the most profitable operators within the solid waste industry are those companies that are vertically integrated or enter into long-term collection contracts. A vertically integrated operator will benefit from: (1) the internalization of waste, which is bringing waste to a company-owned landfill; (2) the ability to charge third-party haulers tipping fees either at landfills or at transfer stations; and (3) the efficiencies gained by being able to aggregate and process waste at a transfer station prior to landfilling. The demand for our E P waste services depends on the continued demand for, and production of, oil and natural gas. Crude oil and natural gas prices historically have been volatile, including as a result of macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, which may impact levels of exploration and production activity, with a corresponding impact to our E P waste activity. Most recently, in 2022, sustained increases in prices of crude oil as a result of inflationary pressures, the uncertainty associated with the Ukrainian conflict and any related bans on oil sales from Russia or supply chain disruptions as recently experienced contributed to increased levels of drilling activity and demand for our E P waste services. Conversely, in 2020 and 2021, a significant decline in oil prices driven by both surplus production and supply, as well as the decrease in demand caused by factors including the COVID-19 pandemic, resulted in decreased levels of E P drilling activity and a corresponding decrease in demand for our E P waste services. Additionally, across the industry there was uncertainty regarding future demand for oil and related services, as noted by several energy companies, many of whom are customers of our E P waste services. These energy companies wrote down the values of their oil and gas assets in anticipation of the potential for the decarbonization of their energy product mix given an increased global focus on reducing greenhouse gases and addressing climate change. At that time, the uncertainty regarding global demand had a significant impact on the investment and operating plans of our E P waste customers in the basins where we operate. If the prices of crude oil and natural gas substantially decline, it could lead to declines in the level of drilling activity and demand for our E P waste services, which could result in the recognition of additional impairment charges on our intangible assets and property and equipment associated with our E P waste operations. See the section Impairments of Property and Equipment and Finite-Lived Intangible Assets in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the impairment charges recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Executive Overview We are an integrated solid waste services company that provides non-hazardous waste collection, transfer and disposal services, along with resource recovery primarily through recycling and renewable fuels generation, in mostly exclusive and secondary markets across 43 states in the U.S. and six provinces in Canada. Waste Connections also provides E P waste services in several basins across the U.S., as well as intermodal services for the movement of cargo and solid waste containers in the Pacific Northwest. We generally seek to avoid highly competitive, large urban markets and instead target markets where we can attain high market share either through exclusive contracts, vertical integration or asset positioning. In markets where waste collection services are provided under exclusive arrangements, or where waste disposal is municipally owned or funded or available at multiple municipal sources, we believe that controlling the waste stream by providing collection services under exclusive arrangements is often more important to our growth and profitability than owning or operating landfills. We also target niche markets, like non-hazardous E P waste treatment, recovery and disposal services. The COVID-19 Pandemic s impact on our Results of Operations March 11, 2022 marked the two-year anniversary of COVID-19 being declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. The related economic disruptions largely associated with closures or restrictions put into effect following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the first quarter of 2020 resulted in declines in solid waste commercial collection, transfer station and landfill volumes, and roll off activity. Throughout the remaining fiscal year 2020 and during 2021, solid waste revenue and reported volumes largely reflected the pace and shape of the closures and subsequent 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 reopening activity, with the timing and magnitude of recovery varying by market. Most of the impacts to solid waste volumes associated with the pandemic have largely abated, with landfill volumes and roll off pulls returning to pre-pandemic levels. In certain markets, commercial collection volumes have not returned to pre-pandemic levels. The COVID-19 pandemic also contributed to a decline in demand for and the value of crude oil, which impacted E P drilling activity and resulted in lower E P waste revenue during 2020 and 2021. During 2022, E P waste revenue increased on higher levels of drilling activity in several of the major basins. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, protecting the health, welfare and safety of our employees has been our top priority. Recognizing the potential for financial hardship and other challenges, we have looked to provide a safety net for our employees on issues of income and family health. To that end, since the onset of the pandemic through year-end 2022, we incurred over 50 million in incremental COVID-19-related costs, primarily supplemental pay and benefits for frontline employees, including approximately 10 million during 2022. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent reopening activity, we have also experienced an impact to our operating costs as a result of factors including supply chain disruptions and labor constraints, as demand has recovered and competition has increased. As a result, we have incurred incremental costs associated with higher wages, increased overtime as a result of higher turnover, and increased reliance on third party services. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods will depend largely on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak in the U.S. and Canada, the rate of vaccinations, the severity of COVID-19 variants, the actions to contain such coronavirus variants, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. 2022 Financial Performance The functional currency of the Company, as the parent corporate entity, and its operating subsidiaries in the United States is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the Company s Canadian operations is the Canadian dollar. The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The Company s consolidated Canadian dollar financial position is translated to U.S. dollars by applying the foreign currency exchange rate in effect at the consolidated balance sheet date. The Company s consolidated Canadian dollar results of operations and cash flows are translated to U.S. dollars by applying the average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the reporting period. The resulting translation adjustments are included in other comprehensive income or loss. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. Operating Results Revenues in 2022 increased 17.2 to 7.212 billion from 6.151 billion in 2021. Acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the prior year, net of divestitures, accounted for 552.0 million in incremental revenues in 2022. Excluding the impact of such acquisitions, revenues increased 8.3 due predominantly to higher internal growth in solid waste. Solid waste internal growth was positive 7.4 , due to higher price increases and higher surcharges, partially offset by lower volumes and lower recycled commodities. Pricing growth was 9.2 , with core pricing up 7.7 , plus materials and environmental surcharges of positive 1.5 . Volumes decreased by 1.1 due primarily to the purposeful non-renewal of two residential hauling contracts, and decreases in the value of recycled commodities resulted in a 0.7 decrease to internal solid waste growth. Higher E P waste activity resulted in a 1.2 increase to overall growth, and increases in landfill gas sales, including renewable energy credits, contributed 0.2 to overall growth. Net income attributable to Waste Connections increased 35.2 to 835.7 million in 2022, from 618.0 million in 2021. In 2022, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure (refer to page 73 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a definition and reconciliation to Net income attributable to Waste Connections), increased 15.7 to 2.221 billion, from 1.919 billion in 2021. As a percentage of revenue, adjusted EBITDA decreased from 31.2 in 2021, to 30.8 in 2022. This 0.40 percentage point decrease reflects a 0.50 percentage point decrease from the margin dilutive impact of acquisitions completed during the period, as price-led organic growth in solid waste and higher E P waste activity offset the impacts of lower recycled commodity values and continued inflationary pressures. Adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections, a non-GAAP financial measure 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 (refer to page 74 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a definition and reconciliation to Net income attributable to Waste Connections), in 2022 increased 16.4 to 985.3 million from 846.6 million in 2021. Adjusted Free Cash Flow Net cash provided by operating activities increased 19.1 to 2.022 billion in 2022, from 1.698 billion in 2021. Capital expenditures for property and equipment increased from 744.3 million in 2021 to 912.7 million in 2022, an increase of 168.4 million, or 22.6 . Adjusted free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure (refer to page 72 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a definition and reconciliation to Net cash provided by operating activities), increased by 155 million to 1.165 billion in 2022, from 1.010 billion in 2021. Adjusted free cash flow as a percentage of revenues was 16.2 in 2022, as compared to 16.4 in 2021. Return of Capital and Distributions to Shareholders In 2022, we distributed 668.0 million to shareholders through a combination of cash dividends and share repurchases. We paid 243.0 million to shareholders through cash dividends declared by our Board of Directors, which also increased the quarterly cash dividend by 10.9 , from 0.23 to 0.255 per common share in November 2022. Cash dividends increased 22.8 million, or 10.4 , from 220.2 million in 2021 due to a 12.2 increase in the quarterly cash dividend declared by our Board of Directors in October 2021, followed by the additional increase in November 2022 and reflects the reduced share count resulting from repurchases. In 2022, we also repurchased 3.4 million common shares at an aggregate cost of 425 million pursuant to our Normal Course Issuer Bid, which was renewed in August and which provides for repurchases of up to 12,859,066 shares, being 5 of the shares outstanding as of August 2, 2022. Our Board of Directors intends to review the quarterly dividend during the fourth quarter of each year, with a long-term objective of increasing the amount of the dividend. We expect the amount of capital we return to shareholders through share repurchases to vary depending on our financial condition and results of operations, capital structure, the amount of cash we deploy on acquisitions, expectations regarding the timing and size of acquisitions, the market price of our common shares, and overall market conditions. We cannot assure as to the amounts or timing of future share repurchases or dividends. We have the ability under our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement to repurchase our common shares and pay dividends provided that we maintain specified financial ratios. Capital Position We target a Leverage Ratio, as defined substantially identically in both our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement, of approximately 2.5x 3.0x total debt to EBITDA. The Leverage Ratio is a non-GAAP ratio (refer to page 74 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on this ratio). Higher debt resulting primarily from acquisition outlays in 2022 was partially offset by higher EBITDA in 2022, resulting in an increase in our Leverage Ratio from 2.50x at December 31, 2021 to 2.93x at December 31, 2022. Cash balances decreased from 147.4 million at December 31, 2021 to 78.6 million at December 31, 2022, and we had 1.194 billion of remaining borrowing capacity under our Credit Agreement, which matures in July 2026. In total, we had 1.163 billion in prepayable debt outstanding at December 31, 2022. Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. As described by the SEC, critical accounting estimates and assumptions are those that may be material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and that have a material impact on the financial condition or operating performance of a company. Such critical accounting estimates and assumptions are applicable to our reportable segments. We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Insurance liabilities . We maintain insurance policies for automobile, general, employer s, environmental, cyber, employment practices and directors and officers liability as well as for employee group health insurance, property insurance and workers compensation. We carry umbrella policies for certain types of claims to provide excess coverage over the underlying policies and per incident deductibles or self-insured retentions. Our insurance accruals are based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported and are developed by our management with assistance from our third-party actuary and third-party claims administrator. The insurance accruals are influenced by our past claims experience factors and by published industry development factors. If we experience insurance claims or costs above or below our historically evaluated levels, our estimates could be materially affected. The frequency and amount of claims or incidents could vary significantly over time, which could materially affect our self-insurance liabilities. Additionally, the actual costs to settle the self-insurance liabilities could materially differ from the original estimates and cause us to incur additional costs in future periods associated with prior year claims. Income taxes . Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. If our judgment and estimates concerning assumptions made in calculating our expected future income tax rates are incorrect, our deferred income tax assets and liabilities would change. Based on our deferred income tax liability balance at December 31, 2022, each 0.1 percentage point change to our expected future income tax rates would change our deferred income tax liability balance and income tax expense by approximately 3.9 million. Accounting for landfills . We recognize landfill depletion expense as airspace of a landfill is consumed. Our landfill depletion rates are based on the remaining disposal capacity at our landfills, considering both permitted and probable expansion airspace. We calculate the net present value of our final capping, closure and post-closure commitments by estimating the total obligation in current dollars, inflating the obligation based upon the expected date of the expenditure and discounting the inflated total to its present value using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate. Any changes in expectations that result in an upward revision to the estimated undiscounted cash flows are treated as a new liability and are inflated and discounted at rates reflecting market conditions. Any changes in expectations that result in a downward revision (or no revision) to the estimated undiscounted cash flows result in a liability that is inflated and discounted at rates reflecting the market conditions at the time the cash flows were originally estimated. This policy results in our final capping, closure and post-closure liabilities being recorded in layers. The resulting final capping, closure and post-closure obligations are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet along with an offsetting addition to site costs, which is amortized to depletion expense as the remaining landfill airspace is consumed. Interest is accreted on the recorded liability using the corresponding discount rate. The accounting methods discussed below require us to make certain estimates and assumptions. Changes to these estimates and assumptions, including as a result of inflation, could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Any changes to our estimates are applied prospectively. Landfill development costs . Landfill development costs include the costs of acquisition, construction associated with excavation, liners, site berms, groundwater monitoring wells, gas recovery systems and leachate collection systems. We estimate the total costs associated with developing each landfill site to its final capacity. Total landfill costs include the development costs associated with expansion airspace. Expansion airspace is described below. Landfill development costs depend on future events and thus actual costs could vary significantly from our estimates. Material differences between estimated and actual development costs may affect our cash flows by increasing our capital expenditures and thus affect our results of operations by increasing our landfill depletion expense. Final capping, closure and post-closure obligations . We accrue for estimated final capping, closure and post-closure maintenance obligations at the landfills we own, and the landfills that we operate, but do not own, under life-of-site agreements. We could have additional material financial obligations relating to final capping, closure and post-closure costs at other disposal facilities that we currently own or operate or that we may own or operate in the future. Our discount rate assumption for purposes of computing 2022 and 2021 layers for final capping, closure and post-closure obligations is based on our long-term credit adjusted risk free rate. Our discount rate ranged from 3.25 to 5.50 for 2022 and was 3.25 for 2021. Our long-term inflation rate assumption ranged from 2.25 to 2.75 for 2022 and was 2.25 for 2021. Significant reductions in our estimates of the remaining lives of our landfills or significant increases in our estimates of the landfill final capping, closure and post-closure maintenance costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 condition and results of operations. Additionally, changes in regulatory or legislative requirements could increase our costs related to our landfills, resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Disposal capacity . Our internal and third-party engineers perform surveys at least annually to estimate the remaining disposal capacity at our landfills. Our landfill depletion rates are based on the remaining disposal capacity, considering both permitted and probable expansion airspace, at the landfills that we own and at landfills that we operate, but do not own, under life-of-site agreements. Our landfill depletion rate is based on the term of the operating agreement at our operated landfill that has capitalized expenditures. Expansion airspace consists of additional disposal capacity being pursued through means of an expansion that has not yet been permitted. Expansion airspace that meets the following criteria is included in our estimate of total landfill airspace: 1) whether the land where the expansion is being sought is contiguous to the current disposal site, and we either own the expansion property or have rights to it under an option, purchase, operating or other similar agreement; 2) whether total development costs, final capping costs, and closure/post-closure costs have been determined; 3) whether internal personnel have performed a financial analysis of the proposed expansion site and have determined that it has a positive financial and operational impact; 4) whether internal personnel or external consultants are actively working to obtain the necessary approvals to obtain the landfill expansion permit; and 5) whether we consider it probable that we will achieve the expansion (for a pursued expansion to be considered probable, there must be no significant known technical, legal, community, business or political restrictions or similar issues existing that we believe are more likely than not to impair the success of the expansion). We may be unsuccessful in obtaining permits for expansion disposal capacity at our landfills. In such cases, we will charge the previously capitalized development costs to expense. This will adversely affect our operating results and cash flows and could result in greater landfill depletion expense being recognized on a prospective basis. We periodically evaluate our landfill sites for potential impairment indicators. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on regulatory factors, market conditions and operational performance of our landfills. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that our landfill carrying costs are impaired. Any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets testing . Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment on at least an annual basis in the fourth quarter of the year. In addition, we evaluate our reporting units for impairment if events or circumstances change between annual tests indicating a possible impairment. Examples of such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to, the following: a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; a more likely than not expectation that a segment or a significant portion thereof will be sold; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a segment; or current period or expected future operating cash flow losses. As part of our goodwill impairment test, we estimate the fair value of each of our reporting units using discounted cash flow analyses. Our reporting units consisted of our five geographic solid waste operating segments at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit. If the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than the carrying value of the net assets, including goodwill, assigned to the reporting unit, then no impairment results. If the fair value is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. In testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we compare the estimated fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income. Discounted cash flow analyses require significant assumptions and estimates about the future operations of each reporting unit and the future discrete cash flows related to each indefinite-lived intangible asset. Significant judgments 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 inherent in these analyses include the determination of appropriate discount rates, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, growth rates and income tax rates. In assessing the reasonableness of our determined fair values of our reporting units, we evaluate our results against our current market capitalization. For our impairment testing of our operating segments for the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined that the indicated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value in excess of 200 and, therefore, we did not record an impairment charge. The detailed results of our 2022, 2021 and 2020 impairment tests are described in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Combination Accounting . We recognize, separately from goodwill, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated acquisition date fair values. We measure and recognize goodwill as of the acquisition date as the excess of: (a) the aggregate of the fair value of consideration transferred, the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree (if any) and the acquisition date fair value of our previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over (b) the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. At the acquisition date, we measure the fair values of all assets acquired and liabilities assumed that arise from contractual contingencies. We measure the fair values of all noncontractual contingencies if, as of the acquisition date, it is more likely than not that the contingency will give rise to an asset or liability. General Our revenues consist mainly of fees we charge customers for collection, transfer, recycling and disposal of non-hazardous solid waste and treatment, recovery and disposal of non-hazardous E P waste. Our solid waste collection business involves the collection of waste from residential, commercial and industrial customers for transport to transfer stations, or directly to landfills or recycling centers. Solid waste collection services include both recurring and temporary customer relationships. The services are performed under service agreements, municipal contracts or franchise agreements with governmental entities. Our existing franchise agreements and most of our existing municipal contracts give us the exclusive right to provide specified waste services in the specified territory during the contract term. These exclusive arrangements are awarded, at least initially, on a competitive bid basis and subsequently on a bid or negotiated basis. The standard customer service agreements generally range from one to three years in duration, although some exclusive franchises are for significantly longer periods. Residential collection services are also provided on a subscription basis with individual households. The fees received for collection services are based primarily on the market, collection frequency and level of service, route density, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, type of equipment and containers furnished, the distance to the disposal or processing facility, the cost of disposal or processing, and prices charged by competitors for similar services. The terms of our contracts sometimes limit our ability to pass on price increases. Long-term solid waste collection contracts often contain a formula, generally based on a published price index, that automatically adjusts fees to cover increases in some, but not all, operating costs, or that limit increases to less than 100 of the increase in the applicable price index. Revenue at landfills is primarily generated by charging tipping fees on a per ton and/or per yard basis to third parties based on the volume disposed and the nature of the waste. Revenue at transfer stations is primarily generated by charging tipping or disposal fees on a per ton and/or per yard basis. The fees charged to third parties are based primarily on the market, type and volume or weight of the waste accepted, the distance to the disposal facility and the cost of disposal. Many of our landfill and transfer station customers have entered into one to ten year disposal contracts with us, most of which provide for annual indexed price increases. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Our revenues from E P waste services are primarily generated through the treatment, recovery and disposal of non-hazardous exploration and production waste from vertical and horizontal drilling, hydraulic fracturing, production and clean-up activity, as well as other services. Our revenues from recycling services result from the sale of recycled commodities, which are generated by offering residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers recycling services for a variety of recyclable materials, including compost, cardboard, mixed paper, plastic containers, glass bottles and ferrous and aluminum metals. We own and operate recycling operations and market collected recyclable materials to third parties for processing before resale. In some instances, we utilize a third party to market recycled materials. In certain instances, we issue recycling rebates to municipal or commercial customers, which can be based on the price we receive upon the sale of recycled commodities, a fixed contractual rate or other measures. We also receive rebates when we dispose of recycled commodities at third-party facilities. Other revenues consist primarily of the sale of methane gas and renewable energy credits generated from our MSW landfills and revenues from intermodal services. Intermodal revenue is primarily generated through providing intermodal services for the rail haul movement of cargo and solid waste containers in the Pacific Northwest through a network of intermodal facilities. The fees received for intermodal services are based on negotiated rates and vary depending on volume commitments by the shipper and destination. No single contract or customer accounted for more than 10 of our total revenues at the consolidated or reportable segment level during the periods presented. The following table disaggregates our revenue by service line for the periods indicated (in thousands of U.S. dollars). 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Commercial 2,176,295 1,813,426 1,610,313 Residential 1,891,108 1,673,819 1,528,217 Industrial and construction roll off 1,183,624 954,181 833,148 Total collection 5,251,027 4,441,426 3,971,678 Landfill 1,328,942 1,233,499 1,146,732 Transfer 1,026,050 859,113 777,754 Recycling 204,876 205,076 86,389 E P 210,562 138,707 159,438 Intermodal and other 188,471 152,194 118,396 Intercompany (998,069) (878,654) (814,397) Total 7,211,859 6,151,361 5,445,990 Cost of operations includes labor and benefits, tipping fees paid to third-party disposal facilities, vehicle and equipment maintenance, workers compensation, vehicle and equipment insurance, insurance and employee group health claims expense, third-party transportation expense, fuel, the cost of materials we purchase for recycling, district and state taxes and host community fees and royalties. Our significant costs of operations in 2022 were labor, employee benefits, third-party disposal and transportation, vehicle, equipment and property maintenance, taxes and fees, insurance and fuel. We use a number of programs to reduce overall cost of operations, including increasing the use of automated routes to reduce labor and workers compensation exposure, utilizing comprehensive maintenance and health and safety programs, and increasing the use of transfer stations to further enhance internalization rates. We carry insurance for automobile liability, general liability, employer s liability, environmental liability, cyber liability, employment practices liability and directors and officers liability as well as for employee group health claims, property and workers compensation. If we experience insurance claims or costs above or below our historically evaluated levels, our estimates could be materially affected. Selling, general and administrative, or SG A, expense includes management, sales force, clerical and administrative employee compensation and benefits, legal, accounting and other professional services, acquisition expenses, bad debt expense and lease cost for our administrative offices. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Depreciation expense includes depreciation of equipment and fixed assets over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Depletion expense includes depletion of landfill site costs and total future development costs as remaining airspace of the landfill is consumed. Remaining airspace at our landfills includes both permitted and probable expansion airspace. Amortization expense includes the amortization of finite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of long-term franchise agreements and contracts, customer lists, permits and other agreements. We use an accelerated or straight-line basis for amortization, depending on the attributes of the related intangibles. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of certain perpetual rights to provide solid waste collection and transportation services in specified territories, are not amortized. We capitalize some third-party expenditures related to development projects, such as legal and engineering. We expense all third-party and indirect acquisition costs, including third-party legal and engineering expenses, executive and corporate overhead, public relations and other corporate services, as we incur them. We charge against net income any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances (net of any portion that we believe we may recover, through sale or otherwise) that may become impaired, such as those that relate to any operation that is permanently shut down and any landfill development project that we believe will not be completed. We routinely evaluate all capitalized costs, and expense those related to projects that we believe are not likely to succeed. For example, if we are unsuccessful in our attempts to obtain or defend permits that we are seeking or have been awarded to operate or expand a landfill, we will no longer generate anticipated income from the landfill and we will be required to expense in a future period up to the carrying value of the landfill or expansion project, less the recoverable value of the property and other amounts recovered. Presentation of Results of Operations, Segment Reporting, and Liquidity and Capital Resources The following discussion and analysis of our Results of Operations, Segment Reporting, and Liquidity and Capital Resources includes a comparison for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. A similar discussion and analysis that compares the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Results of Operations The following table sets forth items in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income in thousands of U.S. dollars and as a percentage of revenues for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 of Revenues 2021 of Revenues Revenues 7,211,859 100.0 6,151,361 100.0 Cost of operations 4,336,012 60.1 3,654,074 59.4 Selling, general and administrative 696,467 9.7 612,337 10.0 Depreciation 763,285 10.6 673,730 10.9 Amortization of intangibles 155,675 2.2 139,279 2.3 Impairments and other operating items 18,230 0.2 32,316 0.5 Operating income 1,242,190 17.2 1,039,625 16.9 Interest expense (202,331) (2.8) (162,796) (2.6) Interest income 5,950 0.1 2,916 0.0 Other income, net 3,154 0.0 6,285 0.1 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (115,288) (1.9) Income tax provision (212,962) (2.9) (152,253) (2.5) Net income 836,001 11.6 618,489 10.0 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (339) (0.0) (442) (0.0) Net income attributable to Waste Connections 835,662 11.6 618,047 10.0 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Revenues . Total revenues increased 1.060 billion, or 17.2 , to 7.212 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 6.151 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, incremental revenue from acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021, increased revenues by approximately 563.1 million. Operations that were divested in 2022 and the full year impact of operations that were divested in 2021, decreased revenues by 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the net increase in prices charged to our customers at our existing operations was 541.7 million, consisting of 455.8 million of core price increases and surcharges of 85.9 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized volume losses totaling 63.2 million, which was comprised of 51.8 million of declines associated with the aforementioned residential collection contracts, lower post-collection volumes related to transportation shortages, partially offset by increases primarily attributable to commercial and roll off collection. E P waste revenues at facilities owned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 increased 75.8 million due to increases in overall demand for our E P waste services resulting from higher demand for crude oil contributing to increases in drilling and production activity levels. Revenues from sales of recyclable commodities at facilities owned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 decreased 45.0 million. Prices for old corrugated cardboard, aluminum, plastics and other paper products increased from the prior period during the six months ended June 30, 2022 before declining during the six months ended December 31, 2022. A decrease in the average Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar currency exchange rate resulted in a decrease in revenues of 32.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The average Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar exchange rates on our Canadian revenues were 0.7682 and 0.7982 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other revenues increased 31.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to a 14.1 million increase in landfill gas revenues and renewable energy credits, a 12.1 million increase in intermodal revenues and a 5.4 million increase in other non-core revenue sources. Cost of Operations . Total cost of operations increased 681.9 million, or 18.7 , to 4.336 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 3.654 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily the result of 369.4 million of additional operating costs from acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021 and an increase in operating costs at our existing operations of 337.8 million, assuming foreign currency parity, partially offset by a decrease in operating costs of 16.9 million resulting from a lower average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the current period and a decrease of 8.4 million from operations divested subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating costs of 337.8 million, assuming foreign currency parity, at our existing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of an increase in labor and recurring incentive compensation expenses of 92.2 million due primarily to employee pay increases, an increase in fuel expense of 73.1 million due to higher diesel and natural gas prices, an increase in third-party trucking and transportation expenses of 52.9 million due primarily to increased landfill special waste volumes requiring trucking and transportation services to our landfills and higher rates charged by third-party providers, an increase in truck, container, equipment and facility maintenance and repair expenses of 43.1 million due primarily to increased collection routes and equipment operating hours and parts and service rate increases, an increase in third-party disposal expenses of 17.7 million due primarily to rate increases at third-party post-collection sites, an increase in expenses for auto and workers compensation claims of 9.1 million due primarily to increased claim severity and inflation-led cost increases, an increase in supplemental compensation to non-management personnel of 9.0 million to provide financial assistance associated with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, an increase in taxes on revenues of 8.9 million due primarily to increased revenues, an increase in intermodal rail expenses of 6.1 million due to higher cargo volumes, an increase in expenses for purchasing and processing recyclable commodities of 4.9 million due to processing expenses charged by third parties increasing as recyclable commodity values decline in certain regulated operating markets, an increase in subcontracted hauling services at our solid waste operations of 3.8 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 million due to higher costs charged by third-party providers, an increase in landfill maintenance, environmental compliance and daily cover expenses of 3.2 million due to increased compliance requirements under our landfill operating permits, an increase in 401(k) matching expenses of 2.0 million due to higher employee earnings, an increase in property tax expense of 1.9 million due to higher property value assessments and 9.9 million of other net expense increases. Cost of operations as a percentage of revenues increased 0.7 percentage points to 60.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 59.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase as a percentage of revenues consisted of a 0.7 percentage point increase from higher fuel expense, a 0.6 percentage point increase from higher third-party trucking and transportation expenses, a 0.5 percentage point increase from acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021 having operating margins lower than our company average, and a 0.1 percentage point increase in compensation to non-management personnel for financial assistance associated with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by a combined 1.2 percentage point decrease from disposal, taxes on revenues, labor and employee benefits due to price-driven revenue increases. SG A . SG A expenses increased 84.2 million, or 13.7 , to 696.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 612.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was comprised of an increase of 45.8 million, assuming foreign currency parity, at our existing operations and 42.3 million from acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by a decrease of 2.8 million resulting from a lower average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the current period and a decrease of 1.1 million from operations divested subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in SG A expenses at our existing operations of 45.8 million, assuming foreign currency parity, for the year ended December 31, 2022 was comprised of a collective increase in travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses of 22.6 million due to increased travel and social gatherings in the current year period due to a reduction in restrictions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, an increase in administrative payroll expenses of 16.4 million due primarily to annual pay increases, an increase in direct acquisition expenses of 13.6 million due to an increase in acquisition activity in the current period, an increase in equity-based compensation expenses of 6.2 million associated with our annual recurring grant of restricted share units to our personnel, an increase in software license fees of 3.7 million associated with new information technology applications, an increase in bad debt costs of 2.8 million associated with increased revenue, an increase in professional fees of 1.6 million due primarily to increased legal services, an increase of 0.8 million resulting from the payment of supplemental bonuses to non-management employees to provide financial assistance associated with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and 4.1 million of other net expense increases, partially offset by a decrease in deferred compensation expenses of 9.1 million as a result of decreases in the market value of investments to which employee deferred compensation liability balances are tracked, a decrease in accrued recurring cash incentive compensation expense to our management of 8.6 million, a decrease of 5.2 million in equity-based compensation expenses associated with the prior year period including adjustments to increase the fair value of our common shares held in our deferred compensation plan by certain key executives as a result of the shares being exchanged for other investment options, and a decrease in equity-based compensation expenses of 3.1 million associated with changes in our share price resulting in fair value measurement decreases to equity awards accounted for as liabilities that were granted to employees of Progressive Waste prior to June 1, 2016, which are subject to valuation adjustments each period. SG A expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased 0.3 percentage points to 9.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 10.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease as a percentage of revenues was primarily attributable to lower cash incentive compensation expense, lower deferred compensation expense, acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021 having lower SG A expenses as a percentage of revenues than our company average and the impact of price-driven revenue increases in our solid waste services, partially offset by increased travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses and higher direct acquisition expenses. Depreciation . Depreciation expense increased 89.6 million, or 13.3 , to 763.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 673.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was comprised of an increase in depreciation and depletion expense of 62.4 million from acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in depreciation expense of 24.5 million from the impact of additions to our fleet and equipment purchased to support our existing operations and an increase in depletion expense of 9.2 million resulting from 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 increased landfill special waste and E P volumes and higher landfill development costs increasing our per ton landfill depletion rates, partially offset by a decrease of 3.4 million resulting from a lower average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the current period, and a decrease in depreciation and depletion expense of 3.1 million from operations divested subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2021. Depreciation expense as a percentage of revenues decreased 0.3 percentage points to 10.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 10.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease as a percentage of revenues was primarily attributable to the impact of price-driven revenue increases in our solid waste services. Amortization of Intangibles . Amortization of intangibles expense increased 16.4 million, or 11.8 , to 155.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 139.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was the result of 37.7 million from intangible assets acquired in acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by a decrease of 20.5 million from certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized subsequent to December 31, 2021 and a decrease of 0.8 million resulting from a lower average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the current period. Amortization of intangibles expense as a percentage of revenues decreased 0.1 percentage points to 2.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease as a percentage of revenues was attributable to the impact of price-driven revenue increases in our solid waste services. Impairments and Other Operating Items . Impairments and other operating items decreased 14.1 million, to net losses totaling 18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from net losses totaling 32.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net losses of 18.2 million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 10.8 million of charges to write off the carrying cost of certain contracts that were not, or are not expected to be, renewed prior to the original estimated termination date and an 8.4 million lawsuit judgment accrual, partially offset by 1.0 million of other net gains. The net losses of 32.3 million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 18.7 million of impairment charges to property and equipment and intangible assets at three of our E P waste operations, 4.9 million of charges to terminate or write off the carrying cost of certain contracts that were not, or are not expected to be, renewed prior to the original estimated termination date, a 4.6 million loss resulting from property and equipment damaged in a facility fire, 2.8 million of adjustments to increase the carrying value of certain contingent consideration liabilities, 1.5 million of losses on property and equipment disposals and 1.8 million of other net charges, partially offset by 2.0 million of gains from the disposal of assets at two non-strategic operating locations. Operating Income . Operating income increased 202.6 million, or 19.5 , to 1.242 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1.040 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to price increases for our solid waste services, operating income contributions from increased sales of renewable energy credits associated with the generation of landfill gas, operating income generated from acquisitions closed during, or subsequent to, the year ended December 31, 2021 and an increase in earnings at our E P waste operations. Operating income as a percentage of revenues increased 0.3 percentage points to 17.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 16.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating income as a percentage of revenues was comprised of a 0.3 percentage point decrease in impairments and other operating items, a 0.3 percentage point decrease in depreciation expense, a 0.3 percentage point decrease in SG A expense and a 0.1 percentage point decrease in amortization expense, partially offset by a 0.7 percentage point increase in cost of operations. Interest Expense . Interest expense increased 39.5 million, or 24.3 , to 202.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 162.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 53.3 million from the issuance of 2.75 billion of senior unsecured notes during, or subsequent to, the year ended 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 December 31, 2021, an increase of 13.9 million due to an increase in the average borrowings outstanding under our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement and an increase of 9.8 million from higher interest rates on borrowings outstanding under our Credit Agreement, partially offset by a decrease of 37.1 million from the repayment of 1.75 billion of senior unsecured notes during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 0.4 million of other net decreases. Interest Income . Interest income increased 3.1 million to 6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to higher reinvestment rates, partially offset by lower average cash balances in the current period. Other Income, Net . Other income, net decreased 3.1 million, to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other income of 3.2 million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of income from transactions primarily as a result of the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 7.0 million related to the decrease in the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rate in the period, and 1.4 million of other income, partially offset by 5.2 million from a decline in the value of investments purchased to fund our employee deferred compensation obligations. Other income of 6.3 million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 3.8 million of income earned on investments purchased to fund our employee deferred compensation obligations, a 1.4 million adjustment to decrease certain non-acquisition accrued liabilities recorded in prior periods, an increase in foreign currency transaction gains of 0.7 million attributable to the impact of an increase in the Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar exchange rate during the period and a 0.4 million increase in other net income sources. Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt . Loss on early extinguishment of debt was 115.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted of the payment of a make-whole premium and the write-off of remaining unamortized loan fees associated with the early repayment of the outstanding senior notes under our master note purchase agreements. Income Tax Provision . Income taxes increased 60.7 million, to 213.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 152.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20.3 . Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 19.8 . The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 included a benefit of 2.7 million from share-based payment awards being recognized in the income statement when settled, as well as a portion of our internal financing being taxed at effective rates substantially lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate. The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a benefit of 2.1 million from share-based payment awards being recognized in the income statement when settled, as well as a portion of our internal financing being taxed at effective rates substantially lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate. Our effective tax rate is dependent upon the proportion of pre-tax income among the jurisdictions where we do business. As such, our effective tax rate will be subject to some variability depending upon the proportional contribution of pre-tax income across jurisdictions in any period. Segment Reporting We manage our operations through the following five geographic solid waste operating segments: Eastern, Southern, Western, Central and Canada. Our five geographic solid waste operating segments comprise our reportable segments. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker evaluates operating segment profitability and determines resource allocations based on several factors, of which the primary financial measure is segment EBITDA. We define segment EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, impairments and other operating items, other income (expense) and loss on early extinguishment of debt. Segment EBITDA is not a measure of operating income, operating performance or liquidity under GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Our management uses segment EBITDA in the evaluation of segment operating performance as it is a profit measure that is 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 generally within the control of the operating segments. Each operating segment is responsible for managing several vertically integrated operations, which are comprised of districts. Summarized financial information for our reportable segments are shown in the following tables in thousands of U.S. dollars and as a percentage of total segment revenue for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended EBITDA Depreciation and December 31, 2022 Revenue EBITDA Margin Amortization Eastern 1,890,705 486,649 25.7 281,178 Southern 1,667,778 497,832 29.9 198,506 Western 1,484,632 445,894 30.0 159,899 Central 1,228,120 424,621 34.6 152,154 Canada 940,624 349,403 37.1 118,388 Corporate (a) (25,019) 8,835 7,211,859 2,179,380 30.2 918,960 

Years Ended EBITDA Depreciation and December 31, 2021 Revenue EBITDA Margin Amortization Eastern 1,521,288 404,493 26.6 239,130 Southern 1,446,746 394,982 27.3 188,977 Western 1,280,188 405,778 31.7 129,988 Central 1,046,416 359,434 34.3 134,078 Canada 856,723 339,859 39.7 111,458 Corporate (a) (19,596) 9,378 6,151,361 1,884,950 30.6 813,009 

 (a) The majority of Corporate expenses are allocated to the five operating segments. Direct acquisition expenses, expenses associated with common shares held in the deferred compensation plan exchanged for other investment options and share-based compensation expenses associated with Progressive Waste share-based grants outstanding at June 1, 2016 that were continued by the Company are not allocated to the five operating segments and comprise the net EBITDA for our Corporate segment for the periods presented. A reconciliation of segment EBITDA to Income before income tax provision is included in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Significant changes in revenue, EBITDA and depreciation, depletion and amortization for our reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, are discussed below. Eastern Revenue increased 369.4 million to 1.891 billion for 2022, from 1.521 billion for 2021, due to price increases, contributions from acquisitions and increased landfill gas sales attributable to higher volumes produced, partially offset by decreased post-collection volumes, decreased residential collection volumes, and lower prices for recyclable commodities. EBITDA increased 82.1 million to 486.6 million, or a 25.7 EBITDA margin for 2022, from 404.5 million, or a 26.6 EBITDA margin for 2021. The decrease in our EBITDA margin was due primarily to increased diesel fuel expenses, increased third-party trucking and transportation expenses, increased corporate overhead allocations and increased travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses, partially offset by benefits from price-led revenue increases and the impact of acquisitions having higher EBITDA margins than our segment average. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased 42.1 million, to 281.2 million for 2022, from 239.1 million for 2021, due to assets acquired in acquisitions, additions to our fleet and equipment and higher depletion expense due to higher landfill development costs increasing our per ton landfill depletion rates. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Southern Revenue increased 221.0 million to 1.668 billion for 2022, from 1.447 billion for 2021, due to solid waste price increases, increased E P waste revenues attributable to increases in drilling and production activity levels resulting in increases in the demand for our E P waste services and contributions from acquisitions, partially offset by lower residential collection volumes due to the purposeful non-renewal of a collection contract subsequent to December 31, 2021, a decrease resulting from the divestiture of certain non-strategic operating locations and lower post-collection volumes. EBITDA increased 102.8 million to 497.8 million, or a 29.9 EBITDA margin for 2022, from 395.0 million, or a 27.3 EBITDA margin for 2021. The increase in our EBITDA margin was due to increased earnings at our E P operations, the purposeful non-renewal of a residential contract, and price-led increases in solid waste revenue, partially offset by increased diesel and natural gas fuel expenses, the impact of acquisitions having lower EBITDA margins than our segment average, increased travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses and increased legal expenses. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased 9.5 million, to 198.5 million for 2022, from 189.0 million for 2021, due to assets acquired in acquisitions, additions to our fleet and equipment and higher depletion expense due to increased landfill volumes and higher landfill development costs increasing our per ton landfill depletion rates, partially offset by a decrease resulting from the divestiture of certain non-strategic operating locations and a reduction in amortization expense associated with the loss of a large residential collection contract. Western Revenue increased 204.4 million to 1.485 billion for 2022, from 1.280 billion for 2021, due to contributions from acquisitions, price increases, increased collection volumes, higher prices during the first six months in the comparable periods for recyclable commodities and increased intermodal revenue, partially offset by lower prices for recyclable commodities during the last six months in the comparable period. EBITDA increased 40.1 million to 445.9 million, or a 30.0 EBITDA margin for 2022, from 405.8 million, or a 31.7 EBITDA margin for 2021. The decrease in our EBITDA margin was due to increased diesel and natural gas fuel expenses, increased third-party trucking and transportation expenses, increased cost of recyclable commodities expenses, increased labor and recurring incentive compensation expenses and increased travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses, partially offset by benefits from price-led increases in revenue. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased 29.9 million, to 159.9 million for 2022, from 130.0 million for 2021, due to assets acquired in acquisitions and additions to our fleet and equipment. Central Revenue increased 181.7 million to 1.228 billion for 2022, from 1.046 billion for 2021, due to price increases, contributions from acquisitions, higher landfill and residential collection volumes and higher prices during the first six months in the comparable periods for recyclable commodities, partially offset by lower prices for recyclable commodities during the last six months in the comparable period. EBITDA increased 65.2 million to 424.6 million, or a 34.6 EBITDA margin for 2022, from 359.4 million, or a 34.3 EBITDA margin for 2021. The increase in our EBITDA margin was due to the benefits from price-led increases in revenue, partially offset by acquisitions having EBITDA margins lower than our segment average and increased diesel and natural gas fuel expenses. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased 18.1 million, to 152.2 million for 2022, from 134.1 million for 2021, due to assets acquired in acquisitions, additions to our fleet and equipment and higher depletion expense due to higher landfill development costs increasing our per ton landfill depletion rates. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Canada Revenue increased 83.9 million to 940.6 million for 2022, from 856.7 million for 2021, due to price increases, contributions from acquisitions, higher commercial and roll off collection volumes, higher prices for renewable energy credits associated with the generation of landfill gas and higher prices during the first six months in the comparable periods for recyclable commodities, partially offset by a decrease in the average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the comparable reporting periods, lower residential collection volumes due to the purposeful non-renewal of a collection contract subsequent to December 31, 2021, lower landfill volumes, lower prices for recyclable commodities during the last six months in the comparable period and the divestiture of a non-strategic operating location. EBITDA increased 9.5 million to 349.4 million, or a 37.1 EBITDA margin for 2022, from 339.9 million, or a 39.7 EBITDA margin for 2021. The decrease in our EBITDA margin was due to acquisitions having EBITDA margins lower than our segment average, increased diesel fuel expenses, increased disposal expenses, increased employee benefits expenses, increased subcontracted hauling services, increased travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses, partially offset by benefits from price-led increases in revenue and the purposeful non-renewal of a collection contract. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased 6.9 million, to 118.4 million for 2022, from 111.5 million for 2021, due to assets acquired in acquisitions and additions to our fleet and equipment, partially offset by a decrease in depletion expense due to lower landfill disposal volumes, a decrease resulting from the divestiture of a non-strategic operating location and a decrease in the average foreign currency exchange rate in effect during the comparable reporting periods. Corporate EBITDA decreased 5.4 million, to a loss of 25.0 million for 2022, from a loss of 19.6 million for 2021. The decrease was due to increased travel, meetings, training and community activity expenses, increased direct acquisition expenses, increased employee payroll expense, increased software license fees and the payment of supplemental bonuses to non-management employees to provide financial assistance associated with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by decreased equity-based compensation expenses, decreased deferred compensation expenses, decreased cash incentive compensation expense to our management and decreased allocations of corporate overhead expenses to our segments. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table sets forth certain cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands of U.S. dollars): 

2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,022,492 1,698,229 Net cash used in investing activities (3,087,171) (1,693,482) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,028,463 (499,496) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2,035) (25) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (38,251) (494,774) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 219,615 714,389 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 181,364 219,615 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Activities Cash Flows For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 2.022 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was 1.698 billion. The 324.4 million increase was due primarily to the following: 1) Increase in earnings Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was favorably impacted by 192.1 million from an increase in net income, excluding depreciation, amortization of intangibles, share-based compensation, adjustments to and payments of contingent consideration recorded in earnings and loss on disposal of assets, impairments and early extinguishment of debt, due primarily to price increases, earnings from acquisitions, earnings generated from an increase in landfill gas revenues and renewable energy credits and an increase in earnings at our E P waste operations. 2) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was favorably impacted by 94.2 million from accounts payable and accrued liabilities as changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities resulted in an increase to operating cash flows of 164.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an increase to operating cash flows of 70.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to increases in operating expenses during the period which remained as outstanding obligations at December 31, 2022, the timing of processing year-end payments to vendors for capital expenditures and increased accrued interest due to the timing of interest payments for our senior unsecured notes issued subsequent to December 31, 2021, partially offset by the payment of deferred payroll taxes. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to increases in operating expenses during the period which remained as outstanding obligations at December 31, 2021. 3) Deferred income taxes Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was favorably impacted by 75.8 million from deferred income taxes as changes in deferred income taxes resulted in an increase to operating cash flows of 93.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an increase to operating cash flows of 17.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to tax benefits resulting from the divestiture of certain non-strategic E P disposal operating locations. The increase in deferred taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to accelerated tax depreciation from vehicles, equipment and containers. 4) Deferred revenue Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was favorably impacted by 10.5 million from deferred revenue as changes in deferred revenue resulted in an increase to operating cash flows of 42.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an increase to operating cash flows of 31.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For both comparative periods, deferred revenue increased due to price increases on our advanced billed residential and commercial collection services. 5) Prepaid expenses Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was favorably impacted by 7.5 million from prepaid expenses as changes in prepaid expenses resulted in a decrease to operating cash flows of 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a decrease to operating cash flows of 8.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to increases from payments of annual insurance premiums, payments of annual information system licenses and higher parts and fuel inventory, partially offset by a decrease in prepaid income tax payments. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to increases in prepaid income tax payments and prepaid vendor payments. 6) Accounts receivable Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was unfavorably impacted by 45.9 million from accounts receivable as changes in accounts receivable resulted in a decrease to operating cash flows of 100.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a decrease to operating cash flows of 54.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was due to increases in revenues, which remained as outstanding receivables at year end. 7) Other long-term liabilities Our increase in net cash provided by operating activities was unfavorably impacted by 14.7 million from other long-term liabilities as changes in other long-term liabilities resulted in a decrease to operating cash flows of 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an increase to operating cash flows of 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to decreased employee deferred compensation liabilities at year end. 

 66 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 395.0 million, including cash and equivalents of 78.6 million. Our working capital decreased 195.0 million from a working capital deficit of 200.0 million at December 31, 2021 including cash and equivalents of 147.4 million, due primarily to a decrease in cash balances and increases in accounts payable and deferred revenue, partially offset by increased accounts receivable, increased inventory balances, and higher prepaid expenses. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash and equivalents; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our cash and equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. Our strategy in managing our working capital is generally to apply the cash generated from our operations that remains after satisfying our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, along with share repurchase and dividend programs, to reduce the unhedged portion of our indebtedness under our Credit Agreement and to minimize our cash balances. Investing Activities Cash Flows Net cash used in investing activities increased 1.394 billion to 3.087 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1.693 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The significant components of the increase included the following: 1) An increase in cash paid for acquisitions of 1.246 billion; 2) An increase in capital expenditures at operations owned in the comparable periods of 103.5 million due to increases in land and buildings and landfill site costs; and 3) An increase in capital expenditures at operations acquired during the comparative periods of 64.9 million due to expenditures for landfill site costs, trucks, equipment and containers; less 4) A decrease in cash paid for investments in noncontrolling interests of 25.0 million resulting from a 2021 expenditure that did not reoccur in 2022; and 5) A decrease in proceeds from disposal of assets of 12.1 million due to lower disposal of non-strategic assets to provide funding toward new capital expenditures. 
 Financing Activities Cash Flows Net cash provided by financing activities increased 1.528 billion to 1.028 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from net cash used in financing activities of 499.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The significant components of the increase included the following: 1) An increase from the net change in long-term borrowings of 1.522 billion in which long-term borrowings increased 1.745 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022 and increased 222.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021; and 2) An increase from premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt of 110.6 million resulting from the repayment in September 2021 of all of our outstanding senior notes under our master note purchase agreements; less 3) A decrease from higher payments to repurchase our common shares of 86.0 million due to an increased volume of shares repurchased; and 4) A decrease from higher cash dividends paid of 22.8 million due primarily to an increase in our average quarterly dividend rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 0.236 per share, from 0.211 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On July 26, 2022, our Board of Directors approved, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, the annual renewal of our normal course issuer bid, or the NCIB, to purchase up to 12,859,066 of our common shares during the period of August 10, 2022 to August 9, 2023 or until such earlier time as the NCIB is completed or terminated at our option. Shareholders may obtain a copy of our TSX Form 12 Notice of Intention to Make a Normal Course Issuer Bid, without charge, by request directed to our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at (832) 442-2200. The timing and amounts of any repurchases pursuant to the NCIB will depend on many factors, including our capital structure, the market price of our common shares and overall market conditions. All common shares purchased under the NCIB will be immediately cancelled following their repurchase. Information regarding our NCIB plan can be found under the section Normal Course Issuer Bid in Note 14, Shareholders Equity, of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 The Board of Directors of the Company authorized the initiation of a quarterly cash dividend in October 2010 and has increased it on an annual basis. In November 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors increased our regular quarterly cash dividend by 0.025, from 0.230 to 0.255 per share. Cash dividends of 243.0 million and 220.2 million were paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We cannot assure as to the amounts or timing of future dividends. We made 882.0 million in capital expenditures for property and equipment, net of proceeds from disposal of assets, during the year ended December 31, 2022, and we expect to make total capital expenditures for property and equipment of 895 million in 2023, net of proceeds from disposal of assets. We intend to fund our planned 2023 capital expenditures principally through cash on hand, internally generated funds and borrowings under our Credit Agreement. In addition, we may make substantial additional capital expenditures in acquiring land and solid waste businesses. If we acquire additional landfill disposal facilities, we may also have to make significant expenditures to bring them into compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, obtain permits or expand our available disposal capacity. We cannot currently determine the amount of these expenditures because they will depend on the number, nature, condition and permitted status of any acquired landfill disposal facilities. We believe that our cash and equivalents, Credit Agreement and the funds we expect to generate from operations will provide adequate cash to fund our working capital and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. However, disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our Credit Agreement or raise other capital. Our access to funds under the Credit Agreement is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the agreement to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. We have a revolving credit and term loan agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., acting through its Canada Branch, as the global agent, the swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer, Bank of America, N.A., as the U.S. Agent and a letter of credit issuer, the other lenders named therein (the Lenders and any other financial institutions from time to time party thereto. There are no subsidiary guarantors under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement has a scheduled maturity date of July 30, 2026, which may be extended further upon agreement by Lenders holding at least 50 of the commitments and credit extensions outstanding, with respect to their respective commitments and credit extensions outstanding. Any Lender that does not agree to an extension of the maturity date shall not be so extended with respect to their commitments and credit extensions. As of December 31, 2022, 650.0 million under the term loan and 614.7 million under the revolving credit facility were outstanding under the Credit Agreement, exclusive of outstanding standby letters of credit of 41.8 million. We also had 85.3 million of letters of credit issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 under a facility other than the Credit Agreement. We did not have any amounts outstanding under our master note purchase agreements. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Master Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 2016 NPA between us and certain accredited institutional investors, we issued senior unsecured notes (the 2016 Private Placement Notes consisting of (i) 150.0 million of senior notes due June 1, 2021 (the June 2021 Private Placement Notes ), (ii) 200.0 million of senior notes due June 1, 2023, (iii) 150.0 million of senior notes due April 20, 2024, (iv) 400.0 million of senior notes due June 1, 2026 and (v) 250.0 million of senior notes due April 20, 2027. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Master Note Purchase Agreement dated as of July 15, 2008 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, assumed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 2008 NPA between us and certain accredited institutional investors, we issued senior unsecured notes (the 2008 Private Placement Notes and together with the 2016 Private Placement Notes, the Private Placement Notes consisting of (i) 100.0 million of senior notes due April 1, 2021 (the April 2021 Private Placement Notes and together with the June 2021 Private Placement Notes, the 2021 Private Placement Notes ), (ii) 125.0 million of senior notes due August 20, 2022 and (iii) 375.0 million of senior notes due August 20, 2025. We repaid at maturity the 2021 Private Placement Notes and repaid the other Private Placement Notes in connection with the Offering (defined below) in September 2021. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 On November 16, 2018, we completed an underwritten public offering of 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.25 Senior Notes due December 1, 2028 (the 2028 Senior Notes ). The 2028 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture ), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented through the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018. On April 16, 2019, we completed an underwritten public offering of 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.50 Senior Notes due May 1, 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes ). The 2029 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2019. On January 23, 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.60 Senior Notes due February 1, 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes ). The 2030 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2020. On March 13, 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.05 Senior Notes due April 1, 2050 (the 2050 Senior Notes ). The 2050 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2020. On September 20, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering (the Offering of 650.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.20 Senior Notes due January 15, 2032 (the 2032 Senior Notes and 850.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95 Senior Notes due January 15, 2052 (the 2052 Senior Notes ). The 2032 Senior Notes and the 2052 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2021. In connection with the Offering, we exercised our right to repay the 1.500 billion of Private Placement Notes then outstanding governed by the 2008 NPA and the 2016 NPA. We repaid the Private Placement Notes then outstanding, including the 110.6 million make-whole premium, with the net proceeds from the Offering and borrowings under the revolving credit facility provided under our Credit Agreement. We recorded 115.3 million to Loss on early extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the repayment of the Private Placement Notes and associated make-whole premium and related fees. On March 9, 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.20 Senior Notes due June 1, 2032 (the New 2032 Senior Notes ). The New 2032 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2022. On August 18, 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.20 Senior Notes due January 15, 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes and, together with the 2028 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2032 Senior Notes, the New 2032 Senior Notes, the 2050 Senior Notes and the 2052 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2033 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2022. We pay interest on the Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears. The Senior Notes are our senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with our existing and future unsubordinated debt and senior to any of our future subordinated debt. The Senior Notes are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries. On October 31, 2022, we, as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (the New TL Lenders entered into that certain Term Loan Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Term Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which the New TL Lenders made loans to us in an aggregate stated principal amount of 800.0 million. We used substantially all of the proceeds of borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement to repay revolving borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Agreement and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. The Term Loan Agreement has a scheduled maturity date of July 30, 2026. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details on the debt agreements. Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we had the following contractual obligations: 

Payments Due by Period (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars) Less Than 1 to 3 Over 5 Recorded Obligations Total 1 Year Years 3 to 5 Years Years Long-term debt 6,963,401 6,759 17,748 2,076,331 4,862,563 Cash interest payments 2,516,432 256,586 523,604 379,935 1,356,307 Contingent consideration 98,781 60,092 3,224 3,224 32,241 Operating leases 230,784 40,499 59,390 41,845 89,050 Final capping, closure and post-closure 1,627,130 11,926 36,925 12,945 1,565,334 

 Long-term debt payments include: 1) 614.7 million in principal payments due July 2026 related to our revolving credit facility under our Credit Agreement. Advances are available under the Credit Agreement in U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars and bear interest at fluctuating rates (See Note 11). At December 31, 2022, 391.0 million of the outstanding borrowings drawn under the revolving credit facility were in U.S. Term SOFR rate loans, bearing interest at a total rate of 5.42 on such date. At December 31, 2022, 223.7 million of the outstanding borrowings drawn under the revolving credit facility were in Canadian-based bankers acceptances, bearing interest at a total rate of 5.74 on such date. 2) 650.0 million in principal payments due July 2026 related to our term loan under our Credit Agreement. Outstanding amounts on the term loan can be either base rate loans or Term SOFR loans. At December 31, 2022, all amounts outstanding under the term loan were in Term SOFR loans which bear interest at the Term SOFR rate plus the applicable margin (for a total rate of 5.42 on such date). 3) 800.0 million in principal payments due July 2026 related to our term loan under our Term Loan Agreement. Outstanding amounts on the term loan can be either base rate loans or Term SOFR loans. At December 31, 2022, all amounts outstanding under the term loan were in Term SOFR loans which bear interest at the Term SOFR rate plus the applicable margin (for a total rate of 5.42 on such date). 4) 500.0 million in principal payments due 2028 related to our 2028 Senior Notes. The 2028 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.25 . 5) 500.0 million in principal payments due 2029 related to our 2029 Senior Notes. The 2029 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.50 . 6) 600.0 million in principal payments due 2030 related to our 2030 Senior Notes. The 2030 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.60 . 7) 650.0 million in principal payments due 2032 related to our 2032 Senior Notes. The 2032 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.20 . 8) 500.0 million in principal payments due 2032 related to our New 2032 Senior Notes. The New 2032 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.20 . 9) 750.0 million in principal payments due 2033 related to our 2033 Senior Notes. The 2033 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.20 . 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 10) 500.0 million in principal payments due 2050 related to our 2050 Senior Notes. The 2050 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.05 . 11) 850.0 million in principal payments due 2052 related to our 2052 Senior Notes. The 2052 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.95 . 12) 37.2 million in principal payments related to our notes payable to sellers and other third parties. Our notes payable to sellers and other third parties bear interest at rates between 2.42 and 10.35 at December 31, 2022, and have maturity dates ranging from 2024 to 2036. 13) 11.5 million in principal payments related to our financing leases. Our financing leases bear interest at rates between 1.89 and 2.16 at December 31, 2022, and have expiration dates ranging from 2026 to 2027. 
 The following assumptions were made in calculating cash interest payments: 1) We calculated cash interest payments on the Credit Agreement using the Term SOFR rate plus the applicable Term SOFR margin, the base rate plus the applicable base rate margin, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate plus the applicable acceptance fee and the Canadian prime rate plus the applicable prime rate margin at December 31, 2022. We assumed the Credit Agreement is paid off when it matures in July 2026. 2) We calculated cash interest payments on the Term Loan Agreement using the Term SOFR rate plus the applicable Term SOFR margin at December 31, 2022. We assumed the Term Loan Agreement is paid off when it matures in July 2026. 3) We calculated cash interest payments on our interest rate swaps using the stated interest rate in the swap agreement less the Term SOFR rate through the earlier expiration of the term of the swaps or the term of the credit facility. 
 Contingent consideration payments include 81.4 million recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022, and 17.4 million of future interest accretion on the recorded obligations. We are party to operating lease agreements and finance leases as discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These lease agreements are established in the ordinary course of our business and are designed to provide us with access to facilities and equipment at competitive, market-driven prices. The estimated final capping, closure and post-closure expenditures presented above are in current dollars. 

Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars) Less Than 1 to 3 3 to 5 Over 5 Unrecorded Obligations (1) Total 1 Year Years Years Years Unconditional purchase obligations 184,918 149,858 35,060 

 (1) We are party to unconditional purchase obligations as discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These purchase obligations are established in the ordinary course of our business and are designed to provide us with access to products at competitive, market-driven prices. At December 31, 2022, our unconditional purchase obligations consisted of multiple fixed-price fuel purchase contracts under which we have 57.9 million gallons remaining to be purchased for a total of 184.9 million. The current fuel purchase contracts expire on or before December 31, 2024. These arrangements have not materially affected our financial position, results of operations or liquidity during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor are they expected to have a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 We have obtained standby letters of credit as discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and financial surety bonds as discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These standby letters of credit and financial surety bonds are generally obtained to support our financial assurance needs and landfill and E P waste operations. These arrangements have not materially affected our financial position, results of operations or liquidity during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor are they expected to have a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or liquidity. From time to time, we evaluate our existing operations and their strategic importance to us. If we determine that a given operating unit does not have future strategic importance, we may sell or otherwise dispose of those operations. Although we believe our reporting units would not be impaired by such dispositions, we could incur losses on them. New Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of the new accounting standards that are applicable to us. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted Free Cash Flow We present adjusted free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, supplementally because it is widely used by investors as a valuation and liquidity measure in the solid waste industry. Management uses adjusted free cash flow as one of the principal measures to evaluate and monitor the ongoing financial performance of our operations. We define adjusted free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, plus or minus change in book overdraft, plus proceeds from disposal of assets, less capital expenditures for property and equipment and distributions to noncontrolling interests. We further adjust this calculation to exclude the effects of items management believes impact the ability to assess the operating performance of our business. This measure is not a substitute for, and should be used in conjunction with, GAAP liquidity or financial measures. Other companies may calculate adjusted free cash flow differently. Our adjusted free cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are calculated as follows (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars): 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,022,492 1,698,229 1,408,521 Plus (less): Change in book overdraft (1,076) (367) 1,096 Plus: Proceeds from disposal of assets 30,676 42,768 19,084 Less: Capital expenditures for property and equipment (912,677) (744,315) (597,053) Adjustments: Payment of contingent consideration recorded in earnings (a) 2,982 520 10,371 Cash received for divestitures (b) (5,671) (17,118) (10,673) Transaction-related expenses (c) 30,825 30,771 9,803 Pre-existing Progressive Waste share-based grants (d) 286 397 5,770 Tax effect (e) (2,993) (1,287) (5,021) Adjusted free cash flow 1,164,844 1,009,598 841,898 

 (a) Reflects the addback of acquisition-related payments for contingent consideration that were recorded as expenses in earnings and as a component of cash flows from operating activities as the amounts paid exceeded the fair value of the contingent consideration recorded at the acquisition date. (b) Reflects the elimination of cash received in conjunction with the divestiture of certain operations. (c) Reflects the addback of acquisition-related transaction costs and the settlement of an acquired tax liability. (d) Reflects the cash settlement of pre-existing Progressive Waste share-based awards during the period. (e) The aggregate tax effect of footnotes (a) through (d) is calculated based on the applied tax rates for the respective periods. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted EBITDA We present adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, supplementally because it is widely used by investors as a performance and valuation measure in the solid waste industry. Management uses adjusted EBITDA as one of the principal measures to evaluate and monitor the ongoing financial performance of our operations. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income attributable to Waste Connections, plus or minus net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, plus income tax provision, plus interest expense, less interest income, plus depreciation and amortization expense, plus closure and post-closure accretion expense, plus or minus any loss or gain on impairments and other operating items, plus other expense, less other income, plus loss on early extinguishment of debt. We further adjust this calculation to exclude the effects of other items management believes impact the ability to assess the operating performance of our business. This measure is not a substitute for, and should be used in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. Other companies may calculate adjusted EBITDA differently. Our adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are calculated as follows (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars): 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income attributable to Waste Connections 835,662 618,047 204,677 Plus (less): Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 339 442 (685) Plus: Income tax provision 212,962 152,253 49,922 Plus: Interest expense 202,331 162,796 162,375 Less: Interest income (5,950) (2,916) (5,253) Plus: Depreciation and amortization 918,960 813,009 752,404 Plus: Closure and post-closure accretion 16,253 14,497 15,095 Plus: Impairments and other operating items 18,230 32,316 466,718 Plus (less): Other expense (income), net (3,154) (6,285) 1,392 Plus: Loss on early extinguishment of debt 115,288 Adjustments: Plus: Transaction-related expenses (a) 24,933 11,318 9,803 Plus: Fair value changes to equity awards (b) 86 8,393 5,536 Adjusted EBITDA 2,220,652 1,919,158 1,661,984 

 (a) Reflects the addback of acquisition-related transaction costs. (b) Reflects fair value accounting changes associated with certain equity awards . 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted Net Income Attributable to Waste Connections and Adjusted Net Income per Diluted Share Attributable to Waste Connections We present adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections and adjusted net income per diluted share attributable to Waste Connections, both non-GAAP financial measures, supplementally because they are widely used by investors as a valuation measure in the solid waste industry. Management uses adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections and adjusted net income per diluted share attributable to Waste Connections as one of the principal measures to evaluate and monitor the ongoing financial performance of our operations. We provide adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections to exclude the effects of items management believes impact the comparability of operating results between periods. Adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections has limitations due to the fact that it excludes items that have an impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections and adjusted net income per diluted share attributable to Waste Connections are not a substitute for, and should be used in conjunction with, GAAP financial measures. Other companies may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently. Our adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections and adjusted net income per diluted share attributable to Waste Connections for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are calculated as follows (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts): 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reported net income attributable to Waste Connections 835,662 618,047 204,677 Adjustments: Amortization of intangibles (a) 155,675 139,279 131,302 Impairments and other operating items (b) 18,230 32,316 466,718 Transaction-related expenses (c) 24,933 11,318 9,803 Fair value changes to equity awards (d) 86 8,393 5,536 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (e) 115,288 Tax effect (f) (49,312) (78,041) (153,758) Tax items (g) 31,508 Adjusted net income attributable to Waste Connections 985,274 846,600 695,786 Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Waste Connections common shareholders: Reported net income 3.24 2.36 0.78 Adjusted net income 3.82 3.23 2.64 

 (a) Reflects the elimination of the non-cash amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. (b) Reflects adjustments for impairments and other operating items. (c) Reflects the addback of acquisition-related transaction costs. (d) Reflects fair value accounting changes associated with certain equity awards. (e) Reflects the make-whole premium and related fees associated with the early termination of 1.5 billion in senior notes. (f) The aggregate tax effect of the adjustments in footnotes (a) through (e) is calculated based on the applied tax rates for the respective periods. (g) In 2020, r eflects the impact of a portion of our 2019 inter-entity payments no longer being deductible for tax purposes due to the finalization of tax regulations on April 7, 2020 under Internal Revenue Code Section 267A and an increase in deferred tax liabilities resulting from the E P impairment. Leverage Ratio The Leverage Ratio is calculated by dividing our Consolidated Total Funded Debt by Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined substantially identically in our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement). The Leverage Ratio is based on EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. We present this ratio because it is used for the purposes of calculating financial covenants under our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement. Management also uses this ratio as one of the principal measures to evaluate and monitor the indebtedness of the Company relative to its ability to generate income to service such debt. The Leverage Ratio is not a substitute for, and should be used in conjunction with, GAAP financial ratios. Other companies may calculate leverage ratios differently. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation In the current environment, we have seen inflationary pressures resulting from higher fuel, materials and labor costs in certain markets and higher resulting third-party costs in areas such as brokerage, repairs and construction. Consistent with industry practice, many of our contracts allow us to pass through certain costs to our customers, including increases in landfill tipping fees and, in some cases, fuel costs. To the extent that there are decreases in fuel costs, in some cases, a portion of these reductions are passed through to customers in the form of lower fuel and material surcharges. Therefore, we believe that we should be able to increase prices to offset many cost increases that result from inflation in the ordinary course of business. However, competitive pressures or delays in the timing of rate increases under certain of our contracts may require us to absorb at least part of these cost increases, especially if cost increases exceed the average rate of inflation. Management s estimates associated with inflation have an impact on our accounting for landfill liabilities. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk, including changes in interest rates, prices of certain commodities and foreign currency exchange rate risks. We use hedge agreements to manage a portion of our risks related to interest rates. While we are exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties to our hedge agreements, in all cases such counterparties are highly rated financial institutions and we do not anticipate non-performance under current market conditions. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. We monitor our hedge positions by regularly evaluating the positions at market and by performing sensitivity analyses over the unhedged variable rate debt positions. At December 31, 2022, our derivative instruments included five interest rate swap agreements that effectively fix the interest rate on the applicable notional amounts of our variable rate debt as follows (dollars in thousands of U.S. dollars): 

Fixed Variable Notional Interest Interest Rate Date Entered (b) Amount Rate Paid (a) Received Effective Date Expiration Date August 2017 200,000 2.1230 1-month Term SOFR November 2022 October 2025 August 2017 150,000 1.7720 1-month Term SOFR November 2022 February 2023 June 2018 200,000 2.8480 1-month Term SOFR November 2022 October 2025 June 2018 200,000 2.8284 1-month Term SOFR November 2022 October 2025 December 2018 200,000 2.7715 1-month Term SOFR November 2022 July 2027 

 (a) Plus applicable margin. (b) In October 2022, we amended the reference rate in all of our outstanding interest rate swap contracts to replace One-Month LIBOR with One-Month Term SOFR and certain credit spread adjustments. We did not record any gains or losses upon the conversion of the reference rates in these interest rate swap contracts, and we believe these amendments will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 On September 28, 2020, we terminated four of our interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling 400.0 million, which would have expired in January 2021. As a result of terminating these interest rate swaps, we made total cash payments of 0.9 million to the counterparties of the swap agreements. Under derivatives and hedging guidance, the interest rate swap agreements are considered cash flow hedges for a portion of our variable rate debt, and we apply hedge accounting to account for these instruments. The notional amounts and all other significant terms of the swap agreements are matched to the provisions and terms of the variable rate debt being hedged. We have performed sensitivity analyses to determine how market rate changes will affect the fair value of our unhedged floating rate debt. Such an analysis is inherently limited in that it reflects a singular, hypothetical set of assumptions. Actual market movements may vary significantly from our assumptions. Fair value sensitivity is not necessarily indicative of the ultimate cash flow or earnings effect we would recognize from the assumed market rate movements. We are exposed to cash flow risk due to changes in interest rates with respect to the unhedged floating rate balances owed at December 31, 2022 and 2021, of 1.115 billion and 603.9 million, respectively, including floating rate 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 debt under our Credit Agreement and Term Loan Agreement. A one percentage point increase in interest rates on our variable-rate debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, would decrease our annual pre-tax income by approximately 11.1 million and 6.0 million, respectively. All of our remaining debt instruments are at fixed rates, or effectively fixed under the interest rate swap agreements described above; therefore, changes in market interest rates under these instruments would not significantly impact our cash flows or results of operations, subject to counterparty default risk. The market price of diesel fuel is unpredictable and can fluctuate significantly. Because of the volume of fuel we purchase each year, a significant increase in the price of fuel could adversely affect our business and reduce our operating margins. To manage a portion of this risk, we periodically enter into fuel hedge agreements related to forecasted diesel fuel purchases, and we also enter into fixed price fuel purchase contracts. At December 31, 2022, we had no fuel hedge agreements in place; however, we have entered into fixed price diesel fuel purchase contracts for 2023 as described below. For the year ending December 31, 2023, we expect to purchase approximately 89.2 million gallons of diesel fuel, of which 47.1 million gallons will be purchased at market prices and 42.1 million gallons will be purchased under our fixed price diesel fuel purchase contracts. We have performed sensitivity analyses to determine how market rate changes will affect the fair value of our unhedged, market rate diesel fuel purchases. Such an analysis is inherently limited in that it reflects a singular, hypothetical set of assumptions. Actual market movements may vary significantly from our assumptions. Fair value sensitivity is not necessarily indicative of the ultimate cash flow or earnings effect we would recognize from the assumed market rate movements. With respect to the approximately 47.1 million gallons of unhedged diesel fuel we expect to purchase in 2023 at market prices, a 0.10 per gallon increase in the price of diesel fuel over the year would decrease our pre-tax income during this period by approximately 4.7 million. We market a variety of recyclable materials, including compost, cardboard, mixed paper, plastic containers, glass bottles and ferrous and aluminum metals. We own and operate recycling operations and market collected recyclable materials to third parties for processing before resale. Where possible, to reduce our exposure to commodity price risk with respect to recycled materials, we have adopted a pricing strategy of charging collection and processing fees for recycling volume collected from third parties. In the event of a decline in recycled commodity prices, a 10 decrease in average recycled commodity prices from the average prices that were in effect during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, would have had a 19.7 million and 19.6 million impact on revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have operations in Canada and, where significant, we have quantified and described the impact of foreign currency translation on components of income, including operating revenue and operating costs. However, the impact of foreign currency has not materially affected our results of operations in 2022 or 2021. A 0.01 change in the Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar exchange rate would impact our annual revenue and EBITDA by approximately 13.0 million and 5.0 million, respectively. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 78 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 82 Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 83 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 84 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 85 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 87 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 89 Financial Statement Schedule 145 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders Waste Connections, Inc. Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Waste Connections, Inc. (an Ontario, Canada corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of net income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical audit matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Landfill Accounting As described further in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the net present value of landfill final capping, closure and post-closure liabilities are calculated by estimating the total obligation in current dollars, inflating the 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 obligation based upon the expected future date of the expenditures and discounting the inflated total to its present value using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate. The principal consideration for our determination that landfill accounting represents a critical audit matter is the judgments and estimates associated with management s determination of the liability due to the nature of the inputs and significant assumptions used in the process including the discount rate, inflation rate, accretion rate, survey data, acreage information, estimated permitted airspace, estimated deemed airspace, and remaining airspace and probability of landfill expansions, all of which can have a significant impact on the calculation of the final capping, closure and post-closure liability. Auditing the net present value of the obligation involved a high degree of subjectivity, auditor judgment and effort in evaluating management s assumptions primarily due to the complexity of the models used to measure the landfill liability, as well as the sensitivity of the underlying significant assumptions. Our audit procedures related to the accounting for the final capping, closure and post-closure liability included the following, among others: We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls related to landfill accounting, including controls relating to management s development of discount rate, inflation rate, accretion rates, survey data, acreage information, estimated permitted airspace, estimated deemed airspace, remaining airspace, and probability of landfill expansions ; We assessed the qualifications and competence of management and the third-party specialists used to provide the inputs used in developing the models; We tested key inputs such as discount rate, inflation rate, accretion rate, survey data, acreage information, estimated permitted airspace, estimated deemed airspace, remaining airspace, and probability of landfill expansions; We tested mathematical accuracy of the calculations in a sample of the models; We obtained and reviewed the associated permits for a sample of landfill models to further validate certain inputs used in the models; We compared previously deemed expansion amounts to the subsequent actual permitted amounts; We obtained and reviewed supporting documentation to support management s criteria for deemed expansions. We evaluated the fair value allocation of assumed liabilities for landfills acquired in business combinations . 
 Valuation of intangible assets in business combinations As described further in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired 24 businesses during 2022. These transactions were accounted for as business combinations in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. The principal consideration for our determination that the accounting for these acquisitions represents a critical audit matter, is the judgments and assumptions associated with management s determination of the fair value of intangible assets acquired, including fair value determinations related to recycling and transfer station permits, residential and commercial customer lists, and long-term contracts, all of which are recorded as intangible assets. Auditing the fair value of these assets involved a high degree of subjectivity, auditor judgment and effort in evaluating management s significant assumptions, primarily due to the complexity of the valuation models used to measure the fair value of the aforementioned intangible assets, as well as the sensitivity of the underlying significant assumptions. The Company used a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair values of the intangible assets, which included assumptions such as discount rate, revenue growth rates, operating expenses, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA margins, capital expenditures, customer turnover rates, and contributory asset charges (as applicable) that form the basis of the forecasted results. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 The audit procedures related to the accounting for the acquisitions included the following, among others: We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls related to the accounting for the 2022 acquisitions, including controls relating to management s development of forecasts for discount rates, revenue growth rates, operating expenses, EBITDA margins, capital expenditures, customer turnover rates and contributory asset charges ; We obtained certain of the purchase price allocation analyses from management. We assessed the qualifications and competence of management and evaluated the methodologies used to determine the fair value of the intangible assets; We tested the assumptions used within the discounted cash-flow models to estimate the fair value of the intangible assets which included assumptions such as discount rate, revenue growth rate, operating expenses, EBITDA margin, capital expenditures, customer turnover rate and contributory asset charges; We tested the Company s ability to forecast future cash flows for acquired businesses by reviewing actual results in the first year after being acquired compared to amounts forecasted when the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities were determined. We utilized an internal valuation specialist to assist the engagement team in evaluating: the methodologies used and whether they were acceptable for the underlying acquisitions and whether such methodologies were being applied correctly, the appropriateness of the discount rate used by performing a sensitivity analysis, and the qualifications of the valuation specialist engaged by the Company based on their credentials and experience. We applied analytical procedures to the range of significant inputs utilized across all of the business combinations to evaluate consistency of significant inputs among intangible asset valuation models . 
 /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. February 16, 2023 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders Waste Connections, Inc. Opinion on internal control over financial reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Waste Connections, Inc. (an Ontario, Canada corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ February 16, 2023 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Restricted investments Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Book overdraft Deferred revenue Accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of contingent consideration Current portion of long-term debt and notes payable Total current liabilities Long-term portion of debt and notes payable Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term portion of contingent consideration Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Equity: Common shares: shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Treasury shares: and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Retained earnings Total Waste Connections equity Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF NET INCOME (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating expenses: Cost of operations Selling, general and administrative Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Impairments and other operating items Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Income before income tax provision Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income Plus (less): Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to Waste Connections Earnings per common share attributable to Waste Connections common shareholders: Basic Diluted Shares used in the per share calculations: Basic Diluted Cash dividends per common share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Interest rate swap amounts reclassified into interest expense Changes in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income Plus (less): Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Waste Connections The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 AND 2022 (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS) 

WASTE CONNECTIONS EQUITY ACCUMULATED ADDITIONAL OTHER COMMON SHARES PAID-IN COMPREHENSIVE TREASURY SHARES RETAINED NONCONTROLLING SHARES AMOUNT CAPITAL INCOME (LOSS) SHARES AMOUNT EARNINGS INTERESTS TOTAL Balances at December 31, 2019 ) Sale of common shares held in trust ) Vesting of restricted share units Vesting of performance-based restricted share units Restricted share units released from deferred compensation plan Fair value adjustment for common shares in deferred compensation plan exchanged for other investment options ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity-based compensation ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of warrants Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Cash dividends on common shares ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings, net of taxes Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of taxes ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Net income (loss) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Sale of common shares held in trust ) Vesting of restricted share units Vesting of performance-based restricted share units Restricted share units released from deferred compensation plan Fair value adjustment for common shares in deferred compensation plan exchanged for other investment options ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity-based compensation ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of warrants Issuance of shares under employee share purchase plan Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Cash dividends on common shares ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings, net of taxes Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of taxes Foreign currency translation adjustment Net income Balances at December 31, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 AND 2022 (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS) 

WASTE CONNECTIONS EQUITY ACCUMULATED ADDITIONAL OTHER COMMON SHARES PAID-IN COMPREHENSIVE TREASURY SHARES RETAINED NONCONTROLLING SHARES AMOUNT CAPITAL INCOME SHARES AMOUNT EARNINGS INTERESTS TOTAL Balances at December 31, 2021 Sale of common shares held in trust ) Vesting of restricted share units Vesting of performance-based restricted share units Restricted share units released from deferred compensation plan Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity-based compensation ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of warrants Issuance of shares under employee share purchase plan Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Cash dividends on common shares ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings, net of taxes Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of taxes Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Loss on disposal of assets and impairments Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Loss on early extinguishment of debt Deferred income taxes, net of acquisitions ) Current period provision for expected credit losses Amortization of debt issuance costs Share-based compensation Interest accretion Payment of contingent consideration recorded in earnings ) ) ) Adjustments to contingent consideration ) Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue Accrued liabilities ) Capping, closure and post-closure expenditures ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Capital expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Capital expenditures for undeveloped landfill property ) Investment in noncontrolling interests ) Proceeds from disposal of assets Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments on notes payable and long-term debt ) ) ) Premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt ) Payment of contingent consideration recorded at acquisition date ) ) ) Change in book overdraft ) ) Payments for repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Payments for cash dividends ) ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity-based compensation ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of shares under employee share purchase plan Proceeds from sale of common shares held in trust Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS) SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION AND NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Changes in accrued capital expenditures for property and equipment ) In connection with its acquisitions, the Company assumed liabilities as follows: Fair value of assets acquired Cash paid for current year acquisitions ) ) ) Change in open working capital settlements at year end ) Liabilities assumed and notes payable issued to sellers of businesses acquired The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 88 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 
 89 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Residential Industrial and construction roll off Total collection Landfill Transfer Recycling E P Intermodal and other Intercompany ) ) ) Total The factors that impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized for each service line may vary based on the nature of the service performed. Generally, the Company recognizes revenue at the time it performs a service. In the event that the Company bills for services in advance of performance, it recognizes deferred revenue for the amount billed and subsequently recognizes revenue at the time the service is provided. See Note 17 for additional information regarding revenue by reportable segment. Revenue by Service Line Solid Waste Collection The Company s solid waste collection business involves the collection of waste from residential, commercial and industrial customers for transport to transfer stations, or directly to landfills or recycling centers. Solid waste collection services include both recurring and temporary customer relationships. The services are performed under service agreements, municipal contracts or franchise agreements with governmental entities. Existing franchise agreements and most of the existing municipal contracts give the Company the exclusive right to provide specified waste services in the specified territory during the contract term. These exclusive arrangements are awarded, at least initially, on a competitive bid basis and subsequently on a bid or negotiated basis. The standard customer service agreements generally range from one to in duration, although some exclusive franchises are for significantly longer periods. Residential collection services are also provided on a subscription basis with individual households. The fees received for collection services are based primarily on the market, collection frequency and level of service, route density, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, type of equipment and containers furnished, the distance to the disposal or processing facility, the cost of disposal or processing, and prices charged by competitors for similar services. In general, residential collection fees are billed monthly or quarterly in advance. Substantially all of the deferred revenue recorded as of September 30, 2022 was recognized as revenue during the three months ended December 31, 2022 when the service was performed. Commercial customers are typically billed on a monthly basis based on the nature of the services provided during the period. Revenue recognized under these agreements is variable in nature based on the number of residential homes or businesses serviced during the period, the frequency of collection and the volume of waste collected. In addition, certain contracts have annual price escalation clauses that are tied to changes in an underlying base index such as a consumer price index which are unknown at contract inception. 
 91 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 disposal contracts, most of which provide for annual indexed price increases. Solid Waste Recycling Solid waste recycling revenues result from the sale of recycled commodities, which are generated by offering residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers recycling services for a variety of recyclable materials, including compost, cardboard, mixed paper, plastic containers, glass bottles and ferrous and aluminum metals. The Company owns and operates recycling operations and markets collected recyclable materials to third parties for processing before resale. In some instances, the Company utilizes a third party to market recycled materials. In certain instances, the Company issues recycling rebates to municipal or commercial customers, which can be based on the price it receives upon the sale of recycled commodities, a fixed contractual rate or other measures. The Company also receives rebates when it disposes of recycled commodities at third-party facilities. The fees received are based primarily on the market, type and volume or weight of the materials sold. In general, fees are billed and revenue is recognized at the time title is transferred. Revenue recognized under these agreements is variable in nature based on the volume of materials sold. In addition, the amount of revenue recognized is based on commodity prices at the time of sale, which are unknown at contract inception. E P Waste Treatment, Recovery and Disposal E P waste revenue is primarily generated through the treatment, recovery and disposal of non-hazardous exploration and production waste from vertical and horizontal drilling, hydraulic fracturing, production and clean-up activity, as well as other services. Revenue recognized under these agreements is variable in nature based on the volume of waste accepted or processed during the period. Intermodal and Other Intermodal revenue is primarily generated through providing intermodal services for the rail haul movement of cargo and solid waste containers in the Pacific Northwest through a network of intermodal facilities. The fees received for intermodal services are based on negotiated rates and vary depending on volume commitments by the shipper and destination. In general, fees are billed and revenue is recognized upon delivery. Other revenues consist primarily of the sale of methane gas and renewable energy credits generated from the Company s MSW landfills. 
 92 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 , excluding certain exclusive and perpetual agreements, such as governmental certificates . The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for these contracts as its right to consideration corresponds directly to the value provided to the customer for services completed to date and all future variable consideration is allocated to wholly unsatisfied performance obligations. Additionally, certain elements of long-term customer contracts are unknown upon entering into the contract, including the amount that will be billed in accordance with annual price escalation clauses, fuel recovery fee programs and commodity prices. The amount to be billed is often tied to changes in an underlying base index such as a consumer price index or a fuel or commodity index, and revenue is recognized once the index is established for the period. Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) Recoveries collected Impact of changes in foreign currency ) Ending balance . The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that the 
 93 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 and of deferred sales incentives at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a total of , and , respectively, of sales incentive amortization expense for deferred sales incentives and sales incentive expense for contracts with original terms of less than one year. Leasehold and land improvements 3 Machinery and equipment 3 Rolling stock 3 Containers 3 
 94 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 to for 2022 and was for 2021. The Company s long-term inflation rate assumption ranged from to for 2022 and was for 2021. In accordance with the accounting guidance on asset retirement obligations, the final capping, closure and post-closure liability is recorded on the balance sheet along with an offsetting addition to site costs which is amortized to depletion expense on a units-of-consumption basis as remaining landfill airspace is consumed. The impact of changes determined to be changes in estimates, based on an annual update, is accounted for on a prospective basis. Depletion expense resulting from final capping, closure and post-closure obligations recorded as a component of landfill site costs will generally be less during the early portion of a landfill s operating life and increase thereafter. Owned landfills and landfills operated under life-of-site agreements have estimated remaining lives, based on remaining permitted capacity, probable expansion capacity and projected annual disposal volumes, that range from approximately to , with approximately of the projected annual disposal volume from landfills with remaining lives of less than . The costs for final capping, closure and post-closure obligations at landfills the Company owns or operates under life-of-site agreements are generally estimated based on interpretations of current requirements and proposed or anticipated regulatory changes. 
 95 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Liability adjustments ) Accretion expense associated with landfill obligations Closure payments ) Assumption of closure liabilities from acquisitions Disposition of closure liabilities from divested operations ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Final capping, closure and post-closure liability at December 31, 2021 Liability adjustments Accretion expense associated with landfill obligations Closure payments ) Assumption of closure liabilities from acquisitions Disposition of closure liabilities from divested operations ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Final capping, closure and post-closure liability at December 31, 2022 Liability adjustments of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represent non-cash changes to final capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets along with an offsetting addition to site costs, which is amortized to depletion expense as the remaining landfill airspace is consumed. The final capping, closure and post-closure liability is included in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company performs its annual review of its cost and capacity estimates in the first quarter of each year. - Disposal capacity . The Company s internal and third-party engineers perform surveys at least annually to estimate the remaining disposal capacity at its landfills. This is done by using surveys and other methods to calculate, based on the terms of the permit, height restrictions and other factors, how much airspace is left to fill and how much waste can be disposed of at a landfill before it has reached its final capacity. The Company s landfill depletion rates are based on the remaining disposal capacity, considering both permitted and probable expansion airspace, at the landfills it owns and landfills it operates, but does not own, under life-of-site agreements. The Company s landfill depletion rate is based on the term of the operating agreement at its operated landfill that has capitalized expenditures. Expansion airspace consists of additional disposal capacity being pursued through means of an expansion that has not yet been permitted. Expansion airspace that meets the following criteria is included in the estimate of total landfill airspace: 1) whether the land where the expansion is being sought is contiguous to the current disposal site, and the Company either owns the expansion property or has rights to it under an option, purchase, operating or other similar agreement; 2) whether total development costs, final capping costs, and closure/post-closure costs have been determined; 3) whether internal personnel have performed a financial analysis of the proposed expansion site and have determined that it has a positive financial and operational impact; 4) whether internal personnel or external consultants are actively working to obtain the necessary approvals to obtain the landfill expansion permit; and 5) whether the Company considers it probable that the Company will achieve the expansion (for a pursued expansion to be considered probable, there must be no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or political restrictions or similar issues existing that the Company believes are more likely than not to impair the success of the expansion). 
 96 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS)). The Company uses an accelerated or straight line basis for amortization, depending on the attributes of the related intangibles. 
 97 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 geographic solid waste operating segments at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying value of the net assets assigned to each reporting unit. If the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than the carrying value of the net assets, including goodwill, assigned to the reporting unit, then no impairment results. If the fair value is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. In testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the Company compares the estimated fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to earnings in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Net Income. During the Company s annual impairment analysis of its solid waste operations, the Company determined the fair value of each of its geographic operating segments at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and each indefinite-lived intangible asset within those segments using discounted cash flow analyses, which require significant assumptions and estimates about the future operations of each reporting unit and the future discrete cash flows related to each indefinite-lived intangible asset. Significant judgments inherent in these analyses include the determination of appropriate discount rates, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, growth rates and income tax rates. The cash flows employed in the Company s 2022 discounted cash flow analyses were based on financial forecasts, which in turn were based on the 2023 annual budget developed internally by management. These forecasts reflect operating profit margins that were consistent with 2022 results and perpetual revenue growth rates of . The Company s discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the market participant rate which approximated . In assessing the reasonableness of the Company s determined fair values of its reporting units, the Company evaluates its results against its current market capitalization. The Company did t record an impairment charge to any of its geographic operating segments as a result of its annual goodwill impairment tests for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge of , which is included in Impairments and other operating items in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income, on certain indefinite-lived intangible assets at of its E P sites in its Southern segment. The Company did t record an impairment charge to any of its geographic operating segments as a result of its indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment tests for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2020. 
 98 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 impairment charge, which is included in Impairments and other operating items in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income, for property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets at of its E P waste sites in its Southern segment. The demand for the Company s E P waste services depends on the continued demand for, and production of, oil and natural gas. Crude oil and natural gas prices historically have been volatile. Macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including a significant decline in oil prices occurring in 2020 driven by both surplus production and supply, as well as the decrease in demand caused by factors including the COVID-19 pandemic, resulted in decreased levels of oil and natural gas exploration and production activity and a corresponding decrease in demand for the Company s E P waste services in 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, total E P waste revenue declined , compared to the prior year period, on rig count declines of in certain basins. The most impacted basins include the Williston Basin in North Dakota, the Eagle Ford Basin in Texas and the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, all of which have relatively high costs associated with drilling, making them less attractive than other basins, including the Permian Basin in Texas and New Mexico. Additionally, across the industry there was uncertainty regarding future demand for oil and related services, as noted by several energy companies during 2020, many of whom are customers of the Company s E P waste services. These energy companies wrote down the values of their oil and gas assets in anticipation of the potential for the decarbonization of their energy product mix given an increased global focus on reducing greenhouse gases and addressing climate change. Such uncertainty regarding global demand had a significant impact on the investment and operating plans of the Company s E P waste customers in the basins where the Company operates. The decrease in E P activity, together with market expectations of a likely slow recovery in oil prices, reduced the expected future period cash flows of the Company s E P waste services. Based on these events, the Company concluded that a triggering event occurred which required the Company to perform an impairment test of the property and equipment and intangible assets of its E P waste services as of June 30, 2020 using July 2020 industry projections for drilling activity by basin as the basis for expectations about future activity. Based upon the results of the impairment test, the Company concluded that the carrying value exceeded the projected undiscounted cash flows of E P waste landfills. The next step was to calculate the fair value of these landfills using an income approach employing a discounted cash flow DCF model over the lesser of or the remaining life of each landfill. Additional key assumptions used in the DCF model included a discount rate of applied to the cash flows, annual revenue projections based on E P waste resulting from projected levels of oil and natural gas E P activity during the forecast period at each location, gross margins based on estimated operating expense requirements during the forecast period, estimated capital expenditures over the 
 99 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 landfills, the carrying value exceeded the calculated discounted fair value, resulting in the recording of an impairment charge of to Impairments and other operating items in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income during the year ended December 31, 2020. The landfills had of intangible assets at June 30, 2020; therefore, impairment charge was attributable to intangible assets. The impairment charge reduced the carrying value of property and equipment by . If the estimated annual cash flows in the DCF model for each asset or asset group tested was changed by 10 , the resulting impairment charge would change by approximately . The aforementioned impairment charges were partially offset by a adjustment, also recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020, to reduce the fair value of a liability-classified contingent consideration arrangement calculated on future earnings and cash flows associated with the acquisition of an E P business in 2014. There are certain indicators listed above that require significant judgment and understanding of the waste industry when applied to landfill development or expansion projects. A regulator or court may deny or overturn a landfill development or landfill expansion permit application before the development or expansion permit is ultimately granted. Management may periodically divert waste from one landfill to another to conserve remaining permitted landfill airspace. Therefore, certain events could occur in the ordinary course of business and not necessarily be considered indicators of impairment due to the unique nature of the waste industry. Landfill closure and post-closure obligations Other financial assurance requirements See Note 12 for further information on restricted cash and restricted investments. 
 100 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due 

 (a) Senior Notes are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair value inputs include third-party calculations of the market interest rate of notes with similar ratings in similar industries over the remaining note terms. 
 For details on the fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps, restricted cash and investments and contingent consideration, see Note 12. 
 101 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 interest rate swap agreements as follows: 

Fixed Variable Notional Interest Interest Rate Expiration Date Entered (b) Amount Rate Paid (a) Received Effective Date Date 

 (a) Plus applicable margin. (b) In October 2022, the Company amended the reference rate in all of its outstanding interest rate swap contracts to replace One-Month LIBOR with One-Month Term SOFR and certain credit spread adjustments. The Company did not record any gains or losses upon the conversion of the reference rates in these interest rate swap contracts, and the Company believes these amendments will not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On September 28, 2020, the Company terminated of its interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling , which would have expired in January 2021. As a result of terminating these interest rate swaps, the Company made total cash payments of to the counterparties of the swap agreements. Accrued liabilities Other assets, net Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 

 (a) Represents the estimated amount of the existing unrealized gains on interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022 (based on the interest rate yield curve at that date), included in AOCIL expected to be reclassified into pre-tax earnings within the next 12 months. The actual amounts reclassified into earnings are dependent on future movements in interest rates. 
 The fair values of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2021, were as follows: 

Derivatives Designated as Cash Asset Derivatives Liability Derivatives Flow Hedges Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Interest rate swaps Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedges ) ) Interest expense 

 (a) In accordance with the derivatives and hedging guidance, the changes in fair values of interest rate swaps have been recorded in equity as a component of AOCIL. As the critical terms of the interest rate swaps match the underlying debt being hedged, all unrealized changes in fair value are recorded in AOCIL. 
 102 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 See Note 15 for further discussion on the impact of the Company s hedge accounting to its consolidated comprehensive income (loss) and AOCIL. of the closing price of the Company s common shares on the last day of the relevant offering period; provided, however, that such exercise price will not be less than of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common shares as reflected on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX over the final five trading days of the offering period. The fair value of restricted share unit RSU awards is determined based on the number of RSUs granted and the closing price of the common shares in the capital of the Company adjusted for future dividends. The fair value of deferred share unit DSU awards is determined based on the number of DSUs granted and the closing price of the common shares in the capital of the Company. Compensation expense associated with outstanding performance-based restricted share unit PSU awards is measured using the fair value of the Company s common shares adjusted for future dividends and is based on the estimated achievement of the established performance criteria at the end of each reporting period until the performance period ends, recognized ratably over the performance period. Compensation expense is only recognized for those awards that the Company expects to vest, which it estimates based upon an assessment of the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved. All share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award adjusted for future dividends, and is recognized on a straight-line basis as expense over the employee s requisite service period. The Company recognizes gross share compensation expense with actual forfeitures as they occur. Warrants are valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model with a contractual life of , a risk free interest rate based on the 5-year U.S. treasury yield curve and expected volatility. The Company uses the historical volatility of its common shares over a period equivalent to the contractual life of the warrants to estimate the expected volatility. The fair market value of warrants issued to consultants for acquisitions are recorded immediately as share-based compensation expense. 
 103 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 net of taxes), net of taxes) and net of taxes), respectively. This share-based compensation expense includes RSUs, PSUs, DSUs, share option and warrant expense. The share-based compensation expense totals include amounts associated with the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans, continued by the Company following the Progressive Waste acquisition, which allow for the issuance of shares or cash settlement to employees upon vesting. The Company records share-based compensation expense in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The total unrecognized compensation cost at December 31, 2022, related to unvested RSU awards was and this future expense will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of the RSU awards, which extends to . The weighted average remaining vesting period of the RSU awards is years. The total unrecognized compensation cost at December 31, 2022, related to unvested PSU awards was and this future expense will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of the PSU awards, which extends to . The weighted average remaining vesting period of PSU awards is years. Other Share-Based Awards As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had a liability of , and , respectively, representing the December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 fair values, respectively, of outstanding Progressive Waste restricted share units which are expected to be cash settled. All remaining unvested Progressive Waste restricted share units vested during the year ended December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had a liability of , and , respectively, representing the December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 fair value, respectively, of outstanding Progressive Waste share-based options which are expected to be cash settled. All remaining unvested Progressive Waste share-based options were fully vested as of December 31, 2017. , and , respectively, which is included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. and , respectively, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized , and , respectively, of self- 
 104 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Inventory Prepaid insurance Unrealized cash flow hedge gains Prepaid licenses and permits Other Rolling stock Land, buildings and improvements Containers Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and depletion ) ) 
 105 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Machinery and equipment included and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of equipment assets accounted for as finance leases. The Company s landfill depletion expense, recorded in Depreciation in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. t recognize an impairment charge for any of its ROU assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of one of its leases. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset. The Company did not recognize any significant remeasurements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company has elected not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of less than 12 months. The Company has elected to apply the short-term lease recognition and measurement exemption allowed for in the lease accounting standard. The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with its short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company initially entered into finance leases in December 2020 and the assets under these leases went into service on December 31, 2020. 
 106 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Interest on leased liabilities Total lease cost Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity related to the Company s leases are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Non-cash activity: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - finance leases Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company s leases are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years years years Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases years years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments Less: current portion of lease liabilities ) ) Long-term portion of lease liabilities 
 107 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 individually immaterial non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer, recycling and disposal businesses during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total transaction-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 for these acquisitions was . These expenses are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The Company acquired individually immaterial non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer, recycling and disposal businesses during the year ended December 31, 2021. The purchase consideration recorded during this period for of the acquired businesses included contingent consideration based upon the receipt of contract assignments and the achievement of certain targets, including future asset and revenue growth. The fair value of the total contingent consideration recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 of was determined using probability assessments of the expected future cash flows over a one to period in which the obligations are expected to be settled, and applying an average discount rate of . As of December 31, 2022, of the obligations recognized at the purchase date have been paid and the remaining obligations have not materially changed. Any changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration subsequent to the acquisition date will be charged or credited to expense until the contingency is settled. The total transaction-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 for these acquisitions were . These expenses are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The Company acquired individually immaterial non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer, recycling and disposal businesses during the year ended December 31, 2020. The total transaction-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2020 for these acquisitions was . These expenses are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Net Income. The results of operations of the acquired businesses have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition dates. The Company expects these acquired businesses to contribute towards the achievement of the Company s strategy to expand through acquisitions. Goodwill acquired is attributable to the synergies and ancillary growth opportunities expected to arise after the Company s acquisition of these businesses. 
 108 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Debt assumed Change in open working capital settlements at year end Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed associated with businesses acquired: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted investments Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment Long-term franchise agreements and contracts Indefinite-lived intangibles Customer lists Permits and other intangibles Other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) Current portion of operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) ) Contingent consideration ) ) ) Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Goodwill acquired in 2022 totaling is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill acquired in 2021 totaling is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill acquired in 2020 totaling is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The fair value of acquired working capital related to individually immaterial acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2022, is provisional pending receipt of information from the acquirees to support the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Any adjustments recorded relating to finalizing the working capital for these acquisitions are not expected to be material to the Company s financial position. The gross amount of trade receivables due under contracts acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022, was , of which was expected to be uncollectible. The gross amount of trade receivables due under contracts acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021, was , of which was expected to be uncollectible. The gross amount of trade receivables due under contracts acquired during the year ended December 31, 2020, was , of which was expected to be uncollectible. The Company did not acquire any other class of receivable as a result of the acquisition of these businesses. 
 109 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 ) Customer lists ) Permits and other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Solid waste collection and transportation permits Intangible assets, exclusive of goodwill ) ) The weighted-average amortization period of long-term franchise agreements and contracts acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 was years. The weighted-average amortization period of customer lists acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 was years. The weighted-average amortization period of finite-lived permits and other acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 was years. ) Customer lists ) Permits and other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Solid waste collection and transportation permits Intangible assets, exclusive of goodwill ) ) For the year ending December 31, 2024 For the year ending December 31, 2025 For the year ending December 31, 2026 For the year ending December 31, 2027 
 110 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Payroll and payroll-related Interest payable Final capping, closure and post-closure liability Property taxes Environmental remediation reserves Cell processing reserves Share-based compensation plan liability Transaction-related expenses Unrealized cash flow hedge losses Other to (a) Term loan under Credit Agreement, bearing interest at (a) Term loan under Term Loan Agreement, bearing interest at (a), (b) Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Senior Notes due Notes payable to sellers and other third parties, bearing interest ranging from to , principal and interest payments due periodically with due dates ranging from to (a) Finance leases, bearing interest ranging from to , with lease expiration dates ranging from to (a) Less current portion ) ) Less unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) 

 (a) Interest rates represent the interest rates incurred at December 31, 2022. (b) Interest rate margin for term loan under Term Loan Agreement was at December 31, 2022. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Credit Agreement The Company has a revolving credit and term loan agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., acting through its Canada Branch, as the global agent, the swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer, Bank of America, N.A., as the U.S. agent and a letter of credit issuer, the other lenders named therein (the Lenders and any other financial institutions from time to time party thereto. The Credit Agreement has a scheduled maturity date of , which may be extended further upon agreement by Lenders holding at least 50 of the commitments and credit extensions outstanding, with respect to their respective commitments and credit extensions outstanding. Any Lender that does not agree to an extension of the maturity date shall not be so extended with respect to their commitments and credit extensions. Letters of credit outstanding Total amount drawn, as follows: Amount drawn U.S. Term SOFR rate loan Not applicable Interest rate applicable U.S. Term SOFR rate loan Not applicable Interest rate margin U.S. Term SOFR rate loan Not applicable Amount drawn U.S. LIBOR rate loan Not applicable Interest rate applicable U.S. LIBOR rate loan Not applicable Interest rate margin U.S. LIBOR rate loan Not applicable Amount drawn U.S. base rate loan Interest rate applicable U.S. base rate loan Interest rate margin U.S. base rate loan Amount drawn U.S. swingline loan Interest rate applicable U.S. swingline loan Interest rate margin U.S. swingline loan Amount drawn Canadian bankers acceptance Interest rate applicable Canadian bankers acceptance Interest rate acceptance fee Canadian bankers acceptance Commitment rate applicable Term loan under Credit Agreement Amount drawn U.S. Term SOFR rate loan Not applicable Interest rate applicable U.S. Term SOFR rate loan Not applicable Interest rate margin U.S. Term SOFR rate loan Not applicable Amount drawn U.S. based LIBOR loan Not applicable Interest rate applicable U.S. based LIBOR loan Not applicable Interest rate margin U.S. based LIBOR loan Not applicable In addition to the of letters of credit at December 31, 2022 issued and outstanding under the Credit Agreement, the Company has issued and outstanding letters of credit totaling under facilities other than the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the Lenders provide a credit facility to the Company, consisting of (i) revolving advances up to an aggregate principal amount of at any one time outstanding, and (ii) a term loan in an aggregate principal amount of . As part of the aggregate commitments 
 112 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 and for swing line loans to be issued at the request of the Company in an aggregate amount not to exceed the lesser of and the aggregate commitments under the revolving advances. Both the letter of credit sublimit and the swing line sublimit are part of, and not in addition to, the aggregate commitments under the revolving advances. Subject to certain specified conditions and additional deliveries, the Company has the option to request increases in the aggregate commitments for revolving advances and one or more additional term loans, provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of such requests does not exceed and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of commitments and term loans under the credit facility does not exceed . As of December 31, 2022, there are no commitments by lenders for any such increases in aggregate principal amount of revolving advances or additional term loans described in the preceding sentence. The Company has of debt issuance costs related to the revolver under the Credit Agreement recorded in Other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, which are being amortized through the maturity date, or . The Company is amortizing of debt issuance costs related to the term loan under the Credit Agreement through the maturity date. Advances are available under the Credit Agreement in U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars. Prior to the effectiveness of the amendment to the Credit Agreement dated as of October 31, 2022 (the First Amendment ), interest accrued on the term loan under the Credit Agreement at a rate based on London interbank rate for specified interest periods LIBOR or a base rate, at the Company s option, plus an applicable margin. Following the effectiveness of the First Amendment, interest accrues on the term loan under the Credit Agreement at a rate based upon the secured overnight financing rate SOFR for specified interest periods Term SOFR (including for all Term SOFR loans, a credit spread adjustment of for all applicable interest periods) or a base rate, at the Company s option, plus an applicable margin. Interest accrues on revolving advances under the Credit Agreement, at the Company s option, (i) (A) prior to the effectiveness of the First Amendment, at LIBOR, (B) following the effectiveness of the First Amendment, at Term SOFR or (C) a base rate for U.S. dollar borrowings, in each case plus an applicable margin, and (ii) at the Canadian prime rate for Canadian dollar borrowings, plus an applicable margin. Canadian dollar borrowings are also available by way of bankers acceptances or BA equivalent notes, subject to the payment of a drawing fee. Certain fees for letters of credit in US dollars and Canadian dollars are also based on the applicable margin. The applicable margin used in connection with interest rates and fees is based on the debt rating of the Company s public non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt (the Debt Rating ). The applicable margin for LIBOR loans (prior to the effectiveness of the First Amendment), Term SOFR loans (following the effectiveness of the First Amendment), drawing fees for bankers acceptances, BA equivalent notes and certain letter of credit fees ranges from to . The applicable margin for U.S. base rate loans, Canadian prime rate loans and swing line loans ranges from to . The Company will also pay a fee based on the Debt Rating on the actual daily unused amount of the aggregate revolving commitments, ranging from to . The Credit Agreement contains customary benchmark replacement mechanics in connection with certain benchmark transition events, as well as customary mechanics with respect to the unavailability of a tenor of a then-current benchmark rate. The borrowings under the Credit Agreement are unsecured and there are no subsidiary guarantors under the Credit Agreement. Proceeds from borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used (i) to finance acquisitions, dividends or other equity distributions permitted under the Credit Agreement and (ii) for capital expenditures, working capital, payment of certain transaction fees and expenses, letters of credit and any other lawful corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, including, among others, a change of control event of default and limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness and liens, new lines of business, mergers, transactions with affiliates and burdensome agreements. During the continuance of an event of default, the Lenders may take a number of actions, including, among others, declaring the entire amount then outstanding under the Credit Agreement to be due and payable. The Credit Agreement includes a financial covenant limiting, 
 113 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 to 1.00 (or to 1.00 during material acquisition periods, subject to certain limitations). . Term Loan Agreement On October 31, 2022, the Company, as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto (the New TL Lenders entered into that certain Term Loan Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Term Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which the New TL Lenders made loans to the Company in an aggregate stated principal amount of . The Company used substantially all of the proceeds of borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement to repay revolving borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Agreement and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. The Company is amortizing of debt issuance costs through the maturity date, or . Interest accrues on the term loan under the Term Loan Agreement at Term SOFR (including for all Term SOFR loans, a credit spread adjustment of for all applicable interest periods) or a base rate, at the Company s option, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin used in connection with calculating interest rates and fees is based on the Company s Debt Rating. The applicable margin for Term SOFR loans ranges from to per annum, and the applicable margin for base rate loans ranges from to per annum. The Term Loan Agreement contains customary benchmark replacement mechanics in connection with certain benchmark transition events, as well as customary mechanics with respect to the unavailability of a tenor of a then-current benchmark rate. The borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement are unsecured and there are no subsidiary guarantors under the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, including, among others, a change of control event of default and limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness and liens, new lines of business, mergers, transactions with affiliates and burdensome agreements. During the continuance of an event of default, the New TL Lenders may take a number of actions, including, among others, declaring the entire amount then outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement and related loan documents to be due and payable. The Term Loan Agreement includes a financial covenant limiting, to 1.00 (or to 1.00 during material acquisition periods, subject to certain limitations) . Private Placement Notes Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Master Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 2016 NPA between the Company and certain accredited institutional investors, the Company issued senior unsecured notes (the 2016 Private Placement Notes consisting of (i) of senior notes due (the June 2021 Private Placement Notes ), (ii) of senior notes due , (iii) of senior notes due , (iv) of senior notes due and (v) of senior notes due . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2008 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, assumed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 2008 NPA between the Company and certain accredited institutional investors, the Company issued senior unsecured notes (the 2008 
 114 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 of senior notes due (the April 2021 Private Placement Notes and together with the June 2021 Private Placement Notes, the 2021 Private Placement Notes ), (ii) of senior notes due and (iii) of senior notes due . The Company repaid at maturity the 2021 Private Placement Notes and repaid the other Private Placement Notes in connection with the Offering (defined below) in September 2021. Senior Notes On November 16, 2018, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the 2028 Senior Notes ). The 2028 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture ), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented through the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018. The Company is amortizing of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2028 Senior Notes. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2028 Senior Notes at its option prior to (three months before the maturity date) at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2028 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2028 Senior Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Commencing on (three months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2028 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2028 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. On April 16, 2019, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the 2029 Senior Notes ). The 2029 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2019. The Company is amortizing of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2029 Senior Notes. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2029 Senior Notes at its option prior to (three months before the maturity date) at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2029 Senior Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Commencing on (three months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2029 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. On January 23, 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2030 Senior Notes ). The 2030 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2020. The Company is amortizing of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2030 Senior Notes. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2030 Senior Notes at its option prior to (three months before the maturity date) at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2030 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2030 Senior Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Commencing on (three months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2030 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2030 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. On March 13, 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2050 Senior Notes ). The 2050 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2020. The Company is 
 115 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 debt discount and of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2050 Senior Notes. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2050 Senior Notes at its option prior to (six months before the maturity date) at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2050 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2050 Senior Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Commencing on (six months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2050 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2050 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. On September 20, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering (the Offering of aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2032 Senior Notes and aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2052 Senior Notes ). The 2032 Senior Notes and the 2052 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2021. The Company is amortizing a debt discount and of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2032 Senior Notes and a debt discount and of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2052 Senior Notes. The Company may, prior to (three months before the maturity date), redeem some or all of the 2032 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2032 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2032 Senior Notes redeemed. Commencing on (three months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2032 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2032 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may, prior to (six months before the maturity date), redeem some or all of the 2052 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2052 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2052 Senior Notes redeemed. Commencing on (six months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2052 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2052 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. In connection with the Offering, the Company exercised its right to repay the of Private Placement Notes then outstanding governed by the 2008 NPA and the 2016 NPA. The Company repaid the Private Placement Notes then outstanding, including the make-whole premium, with the net proceeds from the Offering and borrowings under the revolving credit facility provided under its Credit Agreement. The Company recorded to Loss on early extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the repayment of the Private Placement Notes and associated make-whole premium and related fees. On March 9, 2022, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the New 2032 Senior Notes ). The New 2032 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2022. The Company is amortizing of debt discount and of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the New 2032 Senior Notes. The Company may redeem some or all of the New 2032 Senior Notes at its option prior to (three months before the maturity date) (the New 2032 Senior Notes Par Call Date ), at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the New 2032 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the New 2032 Senior Notes redeemed discounted to the redemption date (assuming the New 2032 Senior Notes matured on the New 2032 Senior Notes Par Call Date), plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. Commencing on (three months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the New 2032 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the New 2032 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 116 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the 2033 Senior Notes and, together with the 2028 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2032 Senior Notes, the New 2032 Senior Notes, the 2050 Senior Notes and the 2052 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2033 Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture, as supplemented through the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2022. The Company is amortizing of debt discount and of debt issuance costs through the maturity date of the 2033 Senior Notes. The Company may redeem some or all of the 2033 Senior Notes at its option prior to (three months before the maturity date) (the 2033 Senior Notes Par Call Date ), at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount of the 2033 Senior Notes redeemed, or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2033 Senior Notes redeemed discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2033 Senior Notes matured on the 2033 Senior Notes Par Call Date), plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. Commencing on (three months before the maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the 2033 Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2033 Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. The Company pays interest on the Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears. The Senior Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with its existing and future unsubordinated debt and senior to any of its future subordinated debt. The Senior Notes are not guaranteed by any of the Company s subsidiaries. Under certain circumstances, the Company may become obligated to pay additional amounts (the Additional Amounts with respect to the Senior Notes to ensure that the net amounts received by each holder of the Senior Notes will not be less than the amount such holder would have received if withholding taxes or deductions were not incurred on a payment under or with respect to the Senior Notes. If such payment of Additional Amounts is a result of a change in the laws or regulations, including a change in any official position, the introduction of an official position or a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction, of any jurisdiction from or through which payment is made by or on behalf of the Senior Notes having power to tax, and the Company cannot avoid such payments of Additional Amounts through reasonable measures, then the Company may redeem the applicable series of the Senior Notes then outstanding at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the redemption date). If the Company experiences certain kinds of changes of control, each holder of the Senior Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the Senior Notes for cash at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of such Senior Notes, plus any accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. The covenants in the Indenture include limitations on liens, sale-leaseback transactions and mergers and sales of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Indenture also includes customary events of default with respect to the Senior Notes. as in effect on the applicable date. Upon an event of default, the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Senior Notes may be declared to be due and payable by the Trustee or the holders of not less than in principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes of the applicable series. Upon such a declaration, such principal and accrued interest on all of the applicable series of the Senior Notes will be due and payable immediately. In the case of an event of default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding series of the Senior Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any holder of the applicable series of the Senior Notes. Under certain circumstances, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes of any series may rescind any such acceleration with respect to the Senior Notes of that series and its consequences. 
 117 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 118 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Restricted cash Restricted investments Contingent consideration ) ) 

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 Using Quoted Prices in Significant Active Markets Other Significant for Identical Observable Unobservable Assets Inputs Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Interest rate swap derivative instruments net liability position ) ) Restricted cash Restricted investments Contingent consideration ) ) See Note 3 Impairments of Property and Equipment and Finite-Lived Intangible Assets regarding non-recurring fair value measurements. Contingent consideration recorded at acquisition date Payment of contingent consideration recorded at acquisition date ) ) Payment of contingent consideration recorded in earnings ) ) Adjustments to contingent consideration ) Interest accretion expense Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance 
 119 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 and , respectively, to secure its asset closure and retirement requirements and and , respectively, to secure performance under collection contracts and landfill operating agreements. The Company owns a interest in a company that, among other activities, issues financial surety bonds to secure landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations for companies operating in the solid waste industry. The Company accounts for this investment under the cost method of accounting. There have been no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the carrying value of the investment. This investee company and the parent company of the investee have written financial surety bonds for the Company, of which and were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s reimbursement obligations under these bonds are secured by a pledge of its stock in the investee company. Unconditional Purchase Obligations At December 31, 2022, the Company s unconditional purchase obligations consist of multiple fixed-price fuel purchase contracts under which it has million gallons remaining to be purchased for a total of . These fuel purchase contracts expire on or before December 31, 2024. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid , and , respectively, under the respective fuel purchase contracts then outstanding. 2024 CONTINGENCIES Environmental Risks The Company expenses costs incurred to investigate and remediate environmental issues unless they extend the economic useful lives of the related assets. The Company records liabilities when it is probable that an obligation has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. The remediation reserves cover anticipated costs, including remediation of environmental damage that waste facilities may have caused to neighboring landowners or residents as a result of contamination of soil, groundwater or surface water, including damage resulting from conditions existing prior to the Company s acquisition of such facilities. The Company s estimates are based primarily on investigations and remediation plans established by independent consultants, regulatory agencies and potentially responsible third parties. The Company does not discount remediation obligations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the current portion of remediation reserves was and , respectively, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the long-term portion of remediation reserves was and , respectively, which is included in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any substantial increase 
 120 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 as a threshold (up from the previously required threshold of for disclosing environmental matters involving potential monetary sanctions. In addition, the Company is a party to various claims and suits pending for alleged damages to persons and property, alleged violations of certain laws and alleged liabilities arising out of matters occurring during the normal operation of the Company s business. Except as noted in the matters described below, as of December 31, 2022, there is no current proceeding or litigation involving the Company or its property that the Company believes could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Jefferson Parish, Louisiana Landfill Litigation Between June 2016 and December 31, 2020, one of the Company s subsidiaries, Louisiana Regional Landfill Company LRLC ), conducted certain operations at a municipal solid waste landfill known as the Jefferson Parish Landfill (the Landfill ), located in Avondale, Louisiana, near the City of New Orleans. LRLC s operations were governed by an Operating Agreement, entered into in May 2012 by LRLC under its previous name, IESI LA Landfill Corporation, and the owner of the Landfill, Jefferson Parish (the Parish ). The Parish also holds the State of Louisiana permit for the operation of the Landfill. Aptim Corporation operated the landfill gas collection system at the Landfill under a separate contract with the Parish. In July and August 2018, four separate lawsuits seeking class action status were filed against LRLC and certain other Company subsidiaries, the Parish, and Aptim Corporation in Louisiana state court, and subsequently removed to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, before Judge Susie Morgan in New Orleans. The Court later consolidated the claims of the putative class action plaintiffs. Beginning in December 2018, a series of 11 substantively identical mass actions were filed in Louisiana state court against LRLC and certain other Company subsidiaries, the Parish, and Aptim Corporation. The claims of the mass action plaintiffs were consolidated in federal court in the Eastern District of Louisiana, also before Judge Susie Morgan (the Addison action). The putative class actions and the Addison action assert claims for damages from odors allegedly emanating from the Landfill. The consolidated putative class action complaint alleges that the Landfill released noxious odors into the plaintiffs properties and the surrounding community and asserts a range of liability theories nuisance, negligence (since dismissed), and strict liability against all defendants. The putative class is described as all residents of Jefferson Parish who have sustained legally cognizable damages as a result of odors from the Landfill, but the complaint proposes to revise the geographic definition based on further evidence. The putative class plaintiffs seek unspecified damages for unidentified nuisance and property value diminution. The Addison plaintiffs assert claims for nuisance, negligence, and (with respect to the Parish) unconstitutional takings under the Louisiana constitution; on behalf of two plaintiffs, the Addison complaint also asserts claims for wrongful death and survivorship. 
 121 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 million tons of materials for disposal and beneficial use in 2022. The Application requested expansion of the existing waste footprint on CCL s contiguous property, an increase in maximum elevation, creation of a new entrance and new support facilities, construction of a facility for the County or another third-party operator to host household hazardous waste collection events, designation of an area for mixed organics/composting, and other modifications. After many years of reviews and delays, upon the recommendation of County staff, the County s Regional Planning Commission (the Commission approved the Application on April 19, 2017, but imposed operating conditions, fees and exactions that substantially reduced the historical landfill operations and represented a large increase in aggregate taxes and fees. CCL objected to many of the requirements imposed by the Commission. Current estimates for new costs imposed on CCL under the CUP are in excess of . 
 122 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Bridge Thoroughfare Fee B T Fee that was purportedly due on July 25, 2017. The alleged B T fee was ostensibly to fund the construction of transportation infrastructure in the area of the Landfill. At the time the NOV was issued, CCL had already contested the legality of the B T fee in the October 20, 2017 Complaint filed against the County in Los Angeles County Superior Court, described above under paragraph A (the CUP lawsuit ). On January 12, 2018, CCL filed an appeal of the alleged violations in the NOV. Subsequently, CCL filed additional legal arguments and exhibits contesting the NOV. On March 6, 2018, a DRP employee designated as hearing officer sustained the NOV, including the B T fee, and imposed an administrative penalty in the amount of and a noncompliance fee of . A written decision memorializing the hearing officer s findings and order was issued on July 10, 2018. On April 13, 2018, CCL filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles a Petition for Writ of Administrative Mandamus against the County seeking to overturn the decision sustaining the NOV, contending that the NOV and decision are not supported by the facts or law. On July 17, 2018, the Court granted CCL leave to pay the B T fee and to amend its Complaint in the CUP lawsuit to reflect the payment under protest, allowing the challenge to the B T fee under the Mitigation Fee Act to proceed in the CUP lawsuit. CCL paid the B T fee under protest on August 10, 2018, and also paid on that date the administrative penalty of and a noncompliance fee of . The Court indicated that the NOV case would be coordinated with the CUP lawsuit. On October 11, 2022, CCL and the County entered into a settlement agreement, described above under paragraph A. If the CUP modification application is approved by the County and certain other contingencies are satisfied, Chiquita will dismiss this lawsuit. However, at this time, the Company is not able to determine the likelihood of any outcome in this matter. Collective Bargaining Agreements of the Company s collective bargaining agreements have expired or are set to expire in 2023. The Company does not expect any significant disruption in its overall business in 2023 as a result of labor negotiations, employee strikes or organizational efforts. 
 123 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 percent (1 but not in excess of percent (10 of eligible compensation in order to purchase the Company s common shares under certain terms and subject to certain restrictions set forth in the ESPP. The exercise price is equal to of the closing price of the Company s common shares on the last day of the relevant offering period; provided, however, that such exercise price will not be less than of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common shares as reflected on the TSX over the final five trading days of such offering period. The maximum number of shares that may be issued under the ESPP is . Under the ESPP, employees purchased of the Company s common shares for during the year ended December 31, 2022. Under the ESPP, employees purchased of the Company s common shares for during the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash Dividend The Board of Directors of the Company authorized the initiation of a quarterly cash dividend in October 2010 and has increased it on an annual basis. In November 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors increased its regular quarterly cash dividend by , from to per Company common share. Cash dividends of , and were paid during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Normal Course Issuer Bid On July 26, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, the annual renewal of the Company s normal course issuer bid (the NCIB to purchase up to of the Company s common shares during the period of August 10, 2022 to or until such earlier time as the NCIB is completed or terminated at the option of the Company. The renewal followed the conclusion of the Company s NCIB that expired August 9, 2022. The Company received TSX approval for its annual renewal of the NCIB on August 8, 2022. Under the NCIB, the Company may make share repurchases only in the open market, including on the NYSE, the TSX, and/or alternative Canadian trading systems, at the prevailing market price at the time of the transaction. In accordance with TSX rules, any daily repurchases made through the TSX and alternative Canadian trading systems is limited to a maximum of common shares, which represents 25 of the average daily trading volume on the TSX of common shares for the period from February 1, 2022 to July 31, 2022. The TSX rules also allow the Company to purchase, once a week, a block of common shares not owned by any insiders, which may exceed such daily limit. The maximum number of shares that can be purchased per day on the NYSE will be of the average daily trading volume for the four calendar weeks preceding the date of purchase, subject to certain exceptions for block purchases. The timing and amounts of any repurchases pursuant to the NCIB will depend on many factors, including the Company s capital structure, the market price of the common shares and overall market conditions. All common shares purchased under the NCIB will be immediately cancelled following their repurchase. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased common shares pursuant to the NCIB in effect during that period at an aggregate cost of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased common shares pursuant to the NCIB in effect during that period at an aggregate cost of . For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased common shares pursuant to the NCIB in effect during that period at an aggregate cost of . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining maximum number of shares available for repurchase under the NCIB was . 
 124 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 For future grants under the 2016 Incentive Award Plan For future grants under the Employee Share Purchase Plan Common Shares Held in Trust Common shares held in trust at December 31, 2022 consist of shares of the Company held in a trust that were acquired by Progressive Waste prior to June 1, 2016 for the benefit of its U.S. and Canadian employees participating in certain share-based compensation plans. A total of common shares were held in the trust on June 1, 2016 when it was acquired by the Company in the Progressive Waste acquisition. Common shares held in trust are classified as treasury shares in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company will sell shares out of the trust and remit cash or shares to employees and non-employee directors as restricted share units vest and deferred share units settle, under the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans that were continued by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold , and common shares held in the trust, respectively, to settle vested restricted share units and deferred share units. Special Shares The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of special shares. Holders of special shares are entitled to one vote in matters of the Company for each special share held. The special shares carry no right to receive dividends or to receive the remaining property or assets of the Company upon dissolution or wind-up. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, special shares were issued. Preferred Shares The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of preferred shares, issuable in series. Each series of preferred shares issued shall have rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions as determined by the Board of Directors prior to their issuance. Preferred shareholders are not entitled to vote, but take preference over the common shareholders rights in the remaining property and assets of the Company in the event of dissolution or wind-up. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, preferred shares were issued. Restricted Share Units, Performance-Based Restricted Share Units, Share Options and Share Purchase Warrants In connection with the Progressive Waste acquisition, each Waste Connections US, Inc. restricted stock unit award, deferred restricted stock unit award and warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Progressive Waste acquisition was automatically converted into a restricted share unit award, deferred restricted share unit award or warrant, as applicable, relating to an equal number of common shares of the Company, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to the Progressive Waste acquisition under such equity award. Such conversion of equity awards was approved by the Company s shareholders at its shareholder meeting as part of the shareholders approval of the Progressive Waste acquisition. At its meeting on June 1, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved the assumption by the Company of the Waste Connections US, Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan Award (the 2014 Plan ), the Waste Connections US, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2004 Plan ), and the Waste Connections US, Inc. Consultant Incentive Plan (the Consultant Plan, and, together with the 2014 Plan and the 2004 Plan, the Assumed 
 125 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 grants have been made under the 2004 Plan since May 16, 2014 pursuant to the approval by the stockholders of the 2014 Plan on such date. On June 1, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the 2016 Plan ), which was approved by Progressive Waste s shareholders on May 26, 2016. On each of July 24, 2017 and 2018, the Board of Directors approved certain housekeeping amendments to the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan, as amended, is administered by the Company s Compensation Committee and provides that the aggregate number of common shares which may be issued from treasury pursuant to awards made under the 2016 Plan is common shares. Awards under the 2016 Plan may be made to employees, consultants and non-employee directors and may be made in the form of options, warrants, restricted shares, restricted share units, performance awards (which may be paid in cash, common shares, or a combination thereof), dividend equivalent awards (representing a right of the holder thereof to receive the equivalent value (which may be paid in cash or common shares) of dividends paid on common shares), and share payments (a payment in the form of common shares or an option or other right to purchase common shares as part of a bonus, defined compensation or other arrangement). Non-employee directors are also eligible to receive deferred share units, which represent the right to receive a cash payment or its equivalent in common shares (or a combination of cash and common shares), or which may at the time of grant be expressly limited to settlement only in cash and not in common shares. Restricted Share Units Total fair value of restricted share units vested Granted Forfeited ) Vested and issued ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Recipients of the Company s RSUs who participate in the Company s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan may have elected in years prior to 2015 to defer some or all of their RSUs as they vest until a specified date or dates they choose. At the end of the deferral periods, unless a qualified participant makes certain other elections, the Company issues 
 126 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 , and vested deferred RSUs outstanding, respectively. Performance-Based Restricted Share Units Total fair value of PSUs vested Granted Forfeited ) Vested and issued ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Compensation Committee granted PSUs with performance-based metrics that the Company must meet before those awards may be earned, and the performance period for those grants ends on . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s Compensation Committee granted PSUs with performance-based metrics that the Company must meet before those awards may be earned, and the performance period for those grants ends on . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company s Compensation Committee granted PSUs with performance-based metrics that the Company was required to meet before those awards were earned, and the performance period for those grants ended on . During the same period, the Company s Compensation Committee also granted PSUs with a performance-based metric that the Company was required to meet before those awards were earned, with the awards then subject to time-based vesting for the remaining of their vesting period. The Compensation Committee determines the achievement of performance results and corresponding vesting of PSUs for each performance period. Share Purchase Warrants The Company has outstanding share purchase warrants issued under the 2016 Plan. Warrants to purchase the Company s common shares were issued to certain consultants to the Company. Warrants issued were fully vested and exercisable at the date of grant. Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022, expire between and . 
 127 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 to Throughout to Throughout to Throughout to Throughout to Throughout to Deferred Share Units Total fair value of DSUs awarded The DSUs consist of a combination of DSU grants outstanding under the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans that were continued by the Company following the Progressive Waste acquisition and DSUs granted by the Company since the Progressive Waste acquisition. Granted Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Other Restricted Share Units RSU grants outstanding under the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans were continued by the Company following the Progressive Waste acquisition and allow for the issuance of shares or cash settlement to employees upon 
 128 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Cash settled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 RSUs under the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans were granted subsequent to June 1, 2016. All remaining RSUs were vested as of December 31, 2019. Share-Based Options Share-based options outstanding under the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans were continued by the Company following the Progressive Waste acquisition and allow for the issuance of shares or cash settlement to employees upon vesting. A summary of activity related to Progressive Waste share-based options during the year ended December 31, 2022, is presented below: Cash settled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 share-based options under the Progressive Waste share-based compensation plans were granted subsequent to June 1, 2016. All outstanding share-based options were vested as of December 31, 2017. ) Changes in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) ) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Gross Tax Effect Net of Tax Interest rate swap amounts reclassified into interest expense ) Changes in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) 
 129 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 ) Changes in fair value of interest rate swaps ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings Changes in fair value Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Amounts reclassified into earnings Changes in fair value Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Non U.S. Income before income taxes 
 130 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 State Non U.S. Deferred: U.S. Federal ) State ) Non U.S. ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes The Company is organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada; however, since the proportion of U.S. revenues, assets, operating income and associated tax provisions is significantly greater than any other single taxing jurisdiction within the worldwide group, the reconciliation of the differences between the Company s income tax provision as presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Net Income and income tax provision computed at the federal statutory rate is presented on the basis of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of , as opposed to the Canadian statutory rate of approximately to provide a more meaningful insight into those differences. The items shown in the following table are a percentage of pre-tax income: State taxes, net of federal benefit Deferred income tax liability adjustments Effect of international operations ) ) ) Other ) ) The comparability of the Company s income tax provision for the reported periods has been affected by variations in its income before income taxes. The effects of international operations are primarily due to a portion of the Company s income from internal financing that is taxed at effective rates substantially lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company s income tax provision included a expense associated with certain 2019 inter-entity payments no longer being deductible for tax purposes due to the finalization of tax regulations on April 7, 2020 under Internal Revenue Code Section 267A and a expense related to an increase in the Company s deferred income tax liabilities resulting from the impairment of certain assets within its E P waste services which impacted the geographical apportionment of its state income taxes. 
 131 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Compensation Contingent liabilities Tax credits and loss carryforwards Interest rate swaps Finance costs Gross deferred income tax assets Less: Valuation allowance Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Goodwill and other intangibles ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Landfill closure and post-closure ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Interest rate swaps ) Other ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) The Company has of Canadian tax loss carryforwards with a 20-year carryforward period which will begin to expire in 2036, as well as various U.S. state tax losses with carryforward periods up to 20 years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had undistributed earnings of approximately for which income taxes have not been provided on permanently reinvested earnings of approximately . Additionally, the Company has not recorded deferred taxes on the amount of financial reporting basis in excess of tax basis of approximately attributable to the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries which are permanently reinvested. It is not practical to estimate the additional tax that may become payable upon the eventual repatriation of these amounts; however, the tax impacts could result in a material increase to the Company s effective tax rate. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and Canadian income tax, which are its principal operating jurisdictions. The Company has concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for years through 2018. Additionally, the normal reassessment period for the Company has expired for all Canadian federal income tax matters for years through 2017. The Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits recorded at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The Company does not anticipate the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change by December 31, 2023. The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 
 132 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 . The Company manages its operations through the following geographic solid waste operating segments: Eastern, Southern, Western, Central and Canada. The Company s geographic solid waste operating segments comprise its reportable segments. Each operating segment is responsible for managing several vertically integrated operations, which are comprised of districts. The Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker evaluates operating segment profitability and determines resource allocations based on several factors, of which the primary financial measure is segment EBITDA. The Company defines segment EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, impairments and other operating items, other income (expense) and loss on early extinguishment of debt. Segment EBITDA is not a measure of operating income, operating performance or liquidity under GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Company s management uses segment EBITDA in the evaluation of segment operating performance as it is a profit measure that is generally within the control of the operating segments. A reconciliation of segment EBITDA to Income before income tax provision is included at the end of this Note 17. ) Southern ) Western ) Central ) Canada ) Corporate (a), (d) ) ) 

Year Ended Intercompany Reported Segment Depreciation and Capital December 31, 2021 Revenue Revenue (b) Revenue EBITDA (c) Amortization Expenditures Total Assets (e) Eastern ) Southern ) Western ) Central ) Canada ) Corporate (a), (d) ) ) 
 133 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 ) Southern ) Western ) Central ) Canada ) Corporate (a), (d) ) ) 

 (a) The majority of Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments. Direct acquisition expenses, expenses associated with common shares held in the deferred compensation plan exchanged for other investment options and share-based compensation expenses associated with Progressive Waste share-based grants outstanding at June 1, 2016 that were continued by the Company are not allocated to the operating segments and comprise the net EBITDA of the Company s Corporate segment for the periods presented. (b) Intercompany revenues reflect each segment s total intercompany sales, including intercompany sales within a segment and between segments. Transactions within and between segments are generally made on a basis intended to reflect the market value of the service. (c) For those items included in the determination of segment EBITDA, the accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 3. (d) Corporate assets include cash, debt issuance costs, equity investments, operating lease right-of-use assets and corporate facility leasehold improvements and equipment. (e) Goodwill is included within total assets for each of the Company s operating segments. Goodwill acquired Goodwill acquisition adjustments ) ) Goodwill divested ) ) Impact of changes in foreign currency Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired Impact of changes in foreign currency ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Canada Total 
 134 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 Southern segment EBITDA Western segment EBITDA Central segment EBITDA Canada segment EBITDA Subtotal reportable segments Unallocated corporate overhead ) ) ) Depreciation ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Impairments and other operating items ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Income before income tax provision Denominator: Basic shares outstanding Dilutive effect of equity-based awards Diluted shares outstanding of the employee s eligible compensation, subject to certain limitations imposed by the Income Tax Act (Canada). Certain of Waste Connections subsidiaries also have voluntary savings and investment plans in the U.S. (the 401(k) Plans ). The 401(k) Plans are available to all eligible U.S. employees of Waste Connections and its subsidiaries. Waste Connections and its subsidiaries make matching contributions under the 401(k) Plans of of every dollar of a participating employee s pre-tax contributions until the employee s contributions equal of the employee s eligible 
 135 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 , and , respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These amounts include matching contributions Waste Connections made under the Deferred Compensation Plan, described below. Multiemployer Pension Plans: The Company also participates in multiemployer pension plans. The Company does not administer these multiemployer plans. In general, these plans are managed by the trustees, with the unions appointing certain trustees, and other contributing employers of the plan appointing certain others. The Company is generally not represented on the board of trustees. The Company makes periodic contributions to these plans pursuant to its collective bargaining agreements. The Company s participation in multiemployer pension plans is summarized as follows: Not applicable to Local 731, I.B. of T., Pension Fund Green for the plan year beginning 10/1/2021 Green for the plan year beginning 10/1/2021 Not applicable Suburban Teamsters of Northern Illinois Pension Fund Green Green Not applicable Teamsters Local 301 Pension Fund Not applicable Midwest Operating Engineers Pension Plan Green for the plan year beginning 4/1/2022 Green for the plan year beginning 4/1/2021 Not applicable Automobile Mechanics Local No. 701 Union and Industry Pension Fund Not applicable Local 813 Pension Trust Fund Critical Critical for the plan year beginning 1/1/2021 Locals 302 612 of the IOUE - Employers Construction Industry Retirement Plan Not applicable IAM National Pension Fund Critical Critical International Union of Operating Engineers Pension Trust Green as of 4/30/2020 Green as of 4/30/2020 Not applicable 3/31/2024 Multi-Sector Pension Plan Critical as of 1/1/2021 Critical as of 1/1/2021 Not applicable Recycling and General Industrial Union Local 108 Pension Fund Not applicable Nurses and Local 813 IBT Retirement Plan Not applicable Contributions to other multiemployer plans 

 (a) Unless otherwise noted in the table above, the most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available in 2022 and 2021 is for the plans years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (b) The FIP/RP Status column indicates plans for which a Funding Improvement Plan FIP or a Rehabilitation Plan RP has been implemented. (c) A multiemployer defined benefit pension plan that has been certified as endangered, seriously endangered or critical may begin to levy a statutory surcharge on contribution rates. Once authorized, the surcharge is at the rate of 5 for the first 12 months and 10 for any periods thereafter, until certain conditions are met. The Company was not required to pay a surcharge to these plans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (d) Of the Multiemployer Pension Plans considered to be individually significant, the Company was listed in the Form 5500 as providing more than 5 of the total contributions for the following: 1) Local No. 731, I.B. of T., Pension Fund for plan years ending September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019; 2) Teamsters Local 301 Pension Fund for plan years ending December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019; 3) Suburban Teamsters of Northern Illinois Pension Plan for the plan years ending December 31, 2021 and 2020; and 4) Recycling and General Industrial Union Local 108 Pension Fund for the plan years ending December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The status is based on information that the Company received from the pension plans and is certified by the pension plans actuary. Plans with green status are at least 80 funded. Plans with yellow status are less than 80 funded. 
 136 

Table of Contents WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS OF U.S. DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, PER TON AND PER GALLON AMOUNTS) 
 of their base salaries and up to of their bonuses, commissions and restricted share unit grants. Effective as of December 1, 2014, the Board of Directors determined to discontinue the option to allow eligible participants to defer restricted share unit grants pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. Members of the Company s Board of Directors are eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to their director fees. Although the Company periodically contributes the amount of its obligation under the plan to a trust for the benefit of the participants, any compensation deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan constitutes an unsecured obligation of the Company to pay the participants in the future and, as such, is subject to the claims of other creditors in the event of insolvency proceedings. Participants may elect certain future distribution dates on which all or a portion of their accounts will be paid to them, including in the case of a change in control of the Company. Their accounts will be distributed to them in cash, except for amounts credited with respect to deferred restricted share unit grants, which will be distributed in the Company s common shares pursuant to the 2004 Plan. In addition to the amount of participants contributions, the Company will pay participants an amount reflecting a deemed return based on the returns of various mutual funds or measurement funds selected by the participants, except in the case of restricted share units that were deferred and not subsequently exchanged into a measurement fund pursuant to the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan, which will be credited to their accounts as Company common shares. The measurement funds are used only to determine the amount of return the Company pays to participants and participant funds are not actually invested in the measurement fund, nor are any Company common shares acquired under the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company s matching contributions to the Deferred Compensation plan were suspended from June 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. The Company reinstated its matching contributions effective January 1, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and during the period from January 1, 2020 through May 31, 2020, the Company also made matching contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan of of every dollar of a participating employee s pre-tax eligible contributions until the employee s contributions equaled of the employee s eligible compensation, less the amount of any match the Company made on behalf of the employee under the Waste Connections 401(k) Plan, and subject to certain deferral limitations imposed by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code on 401(k) plans. The Company s total liability for deferred compensation at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, which was recorded in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. , the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of per Company common share. The dividend will be paid on , to shareholders of record on the close of business on . 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level such that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports: (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (2) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. This process includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and any dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP; (3) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of ours are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management; and (4) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material affect on our financial statements would be prevented or timely detected. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In conducting our evaluation, we used the framework set forth in the report titled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of our evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, there has been no change to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three month period ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Except as set forth above in Part I under Information About Our Executive Officers and in the paragraph below, the information required by Item 10 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated by reference to the sections Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Board Composition and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance (if applicable) in our definitive Management Information Circular and Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we will file with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our 2022 fiscal year. We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to our officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and all other officers, directors and employees. We have also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board Charter to promote the effective functioning of our Board of Directors and its committees, to promote the interests of shareholders and to ensure a common set of expectations concerning how the Board, its committees and management should perform their respective functions. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics and our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board Charter are available on our website at www.wasteconnections.com as are the charters of our Board s Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees. Information on or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website. Shareholders may also obtain copies of the corporate governance documents discussed above by contacting our Secretary at 3 Waterway Square Place, Suite 110, The Woodlands, Texas 77380, or (832) 442-2200. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information required by Item 11 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference to the sections Executive Compensation, Corporate Governance, and Board Composition in our definitive Management Information Circular and Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS Information required by Item 12 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference to the sections Principal Shareholders and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our definitive Management Information Circular and Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Information required by Item 13 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference to the sections Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Corporate Governance and Board 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 Composition in our definitive Management Information Circular and Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Information required by Item 14 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference to the section Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Authorization of the Board of Directors to Fix the Remuneration of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our definitive Management Information Circular and Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 77. The following Financial Statement Schedule is filed herewith on page 145 and made a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. (b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 3.1 Articles of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2017) 3.2 Articles of Amalgamation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 3.3 Articles of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 3.4 By-law No. 1 of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 3.5 Form of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 4.1 Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2018) 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2018) 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2019, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2019) 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2020, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2020) 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2020, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2020) 
 140 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2021, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2021) 4.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2022, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022) 4.8 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2022, by and between Waste Connections, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2022) 4.9 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021) 4.10 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2022) 4.11 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2022) 4.12 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 13, 2020 4.13 Letter of Credit Facility Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of February 25,2022, by and between the Registrant and The Bank of Nova Scotia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2022) 10.1 + Form of Indemnification Agreement dated June 1, 2016, between Waste Connections, Inc. and each of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 10.2 + Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2018) 10.3 + Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (with One-Year Performance Period) under the Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 10.4 + Form of Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (with Three-Year Performance Period) under the Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 10.5 + Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 10.6 + Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement under the Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 10.7 + Form of Deferred Share Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2016) 10.8 + Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Shares of Waste Connections, Inc. under the Waste Connections, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 15, 2018) 10.9 + Waste Connections US, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2016) 
 141 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.10 + Waste Connections US, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of December 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2016) 10.11 + Amendment to the Waste Connections, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016) 10.12 + Amendment No. 2 to the Waste Connections, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2017) 10.13 + Waste Connections, Inc. Compensation Recoupment Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 15, 2018) 10.14 + Separation Benefits Plan of Waste Connections US, Inc., as amended and restated effective July 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2022) 10.15 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Matthew S. Black, effective October 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2018) 10.16 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and David G. Eddie, effective October 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2018) 10.17 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Eric O. Hansen, effective February 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 14, 2019) 10.18 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Ronald J. Mittelstaedt, effective July 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2019) 10.19 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Worthing F. Jackman, effective July 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2019) 10.20 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Darrell W. Chambliss, effective July 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2019) 10.21 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and James M. Little, effective July 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2019) 10.22 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Patrick J. Shea, effective July 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2019) 10.23 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Jason Craft, effective July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on October 29, 2020) 10.24 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Mary Anne Whitney, effective February 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2021) 10.25 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Robert M. Cloninger, effective February 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 17, 2022) 
 142 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.26 + Separation Benefits Plan Participation Letter Agreement by and between Waste Connections US, Inc. and Susan R. Netherton, effective February 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 17, 2022) 10.27 + Form of Addendum to Letter Agreement dated November 10, 2022, between Waste Connections US, Inc. and each of its officers party to a Letter Agreement dated before July 26, 2022 10.28 + Waste Connections, Inc. 2020 Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2021) 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.1 Power of Attorney (see signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

 Filed herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Waste Connections, Inc. By: /s/ Worthing F. Jackman Worthing F. Jackman Date: February 16, 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Worthing F. Jackman and Mary Anne Whitney, jointly and severally, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the securities commissions or similar regulatory authorities in Canada, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Worthing F. Jackman President and Chief Executive Officer Worthing F. Jackman (principal executive officer) February 16, 2023 /s/ Mary Anne Whitney Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mary Anne Whitney (principal financial officer) February 16, 2023 /s/ David G. Eddie Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer David G. Eddie (principal accounting officer) February 16, 2023 /s/ Ronald J. Mittelstaedt Ronald J. Mittelstaedt Executive Chairman February 16, 2023 /s/ Andrea E. Bertone Andrea E. Bertone Director February 16, 2023 /s/ Edward E. Guillet Edward E. Guillet Director February 16, 2023 /s/ Michael W. Harlan Michael W. Harlan Director February 16, 2023 /s/ Larry S. Hughes Larry S. Hughes Director February 16, 2023 /s/ Elise L. Jordan Elise L. Jordan Director February 16, 2023 /s/ Susan Lee Susan Lee Director February 16, 2023 /s/ William J. Razzouk William J. Razzouk Director February 16, 2023 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 145 

<EX-10.27>
 2
 wcn-20221231xex10d27.htm
 EX-10.27
 
 Form of Addendum re Separation Benefits Plan (00107048).DOC 
 Exhibit 10.27 November 10, 2022 [Participant Name] 3 Waterway Square Place, Suite 110 The Woodlands, Texas 77380 
 Re: Addendum to Letter Agreement Dear [Participant Name]: This Addendum (this Addendum relates to that certain Letter Agreement, effective [Date] (the Letter Agreement ), by and among you and Waste Connections US, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). By signing this Addendum, you hereby agree that (1) all references to the Plan in the Letter Agreement shall be to the Separation Benefits Plan (and Summary Plan Description) of the Company effective July 24, 2018 (as Amended and Restated July 26, 2022) and (2) the references in the Letter Agreement to Section 12 shall be to Section 13, Section 27(f) to Section 28(f) and Section 20 to Section 21 of the Plan. All other terms and conditions of the Letter Agreement remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Addendum, which shall be deemed effective as of July 26, 2022. WASTE CONNECTIONS US, INC. By: [Name] [Title] PARTICIPANT [Participant Name] 
 {00107048.DOC.} 

3 Waterway Square Place, Suite 110, The Woodlands, TX 77380 Tel (832) 442-2200 Fax (832) 442-2290 www.wasteconnections.com 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 wcn-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. 

Other Names Under Which Jurisdiction of Conducts Subsidiary Formation Business 10100 HOLDINGS, LLC Colorado 115 W MAIN HOLDINGS, LLC Colorado 1280 N. MAIN ST., LLC California 1895548 ONTARIO LIMITED Ontario 1922464 ALBERTA LTD. Alberta 2201898 ALBERTA ULC Alberta 2361975 ALBERTA LTD. Alberta 2362047 ALBERTA ULC Alberta 2362055 ALBERTA ULC Alberta 19TH LOWER BUCKEYE, LLC Delaware 2596557 ONTARIO LTD. Ontario 2900 DEDE ROAD, LLC Maryland 371 BRIAN HOLDINGS, LLC Colorado 9164-9608 QUEBEC INC. Quebec 9199-5290 QUEBEC INC. Quebec A.C.M.S., INC. Florida Heart of Florida Environmental ACE SOLID WASTE, INC. Minnesota ADVANCED SYSTEMS PORTABLE RESTROOMS, INC. Oregon Advanced Mobile Storage Advanced Systems Portable Restrooms McDonald Portable Toilets AIRBORNE DISPOSAL, LLC Tennessee A.J. BLOSENSKI, INC. Pennsylvania AJB CBD LLC Delaware ALASKA WASTE-DENALI, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE-DUTCH HARBOR, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE-INTERIOR, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE-JUNEAU, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE-KENAI PENINSULA, LLC Alaska Hank s Water Company ALASKA WASTE-KETCHIKAN, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE MAT-SU, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE-NOME, LLC Alaska ALASKA WASTE-SITKA, LLC Alaska AMERICAN DISPOSAL COMMERCIAL SERVICES, INC. Virginia AMERICAN DISPOSAL COMPANY, INC. Washington Vashon Disposal AMERICAN DISPOSAL MAINTENANCE SERVICES, INC. Virginia AMERICAN DISPOSAL PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware AMERICAN DISPOSAL RECYCLING SERVICES, INC. Virginia AMERICAN DISPOSAL ROLL-OFF SERVICES, INC. Virginia AMERICAN DISPOSAL SERVICE OF GEORGIA, INC. Georgia AMERICAN DISPOSAL SERVICES, INC. Virginia McLean Trash Service Webb Brothers Trash Removal Services AMERICAN DISPOSAL SERVICES OF COLORADO, INC. Colorado AMERICAN DISPOSAL SERVICES OF MARYLAND, INC. Virginia AMERICAN RECYCLING CENTER, INC. Virginia ANDERSON COUNTY LANDFILL, INC. Delaware Anderson County Landfill ANDERSON REGIONAL LANDFILL, LLC Delaware ARKANSAS RECLAMATION COMPANY, LLC Arkansas ASTRO ACQUISITIONCO, INC. Delaware AULC HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware AUSTIN LANDFILL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware B J GARBAGE CO. Oregon BAY AREA PROPERTY HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware BAY DISPOSAL, LLC Virginia Ambrose Disposal Service BAY DISPOSAL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware BAY DISPOSAL PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware BESTRANS, INC. Delaware BETHLEHEM LANDFILL COMPANY Delaware Bethlehem Landfill Company BITUMINOUS RESOURCES, INC. Kentucky Hopkins County Regional Landfill BLOSSOM PRAIRIE LANDFILL, INC. Texas BLUE COMPACTOR SERVICES, LLC Minnesota BLUE RIDGE LANDFILL COMPANY Pennsylvania Blue Ridge Landfill Company BLYTHE RECYCLING AND DEMOLITION SITE HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware BRADS BRADS Landfill BROADACRE LANDFILL, INC. Colorado Pueblo Landfill and Recycling Center BULLDOG ACQUISITION, LLC Delaware Bulldog Systems LLC Robert s Disposal 

BULLDOG WEST END HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware BUTLER COUNTY LANDFILL, INC. Nebraska C S GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. Nevada C S WASTE SOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA, INC. California C S WASTE SOLUTIONS OF LASSEN COUNTY, LLC California C S Waste Solutions of Lassen County C S WASTE SOLUTIONS OF NEVADA, INC. Nevada CALPET, LLC Wyoming CAMINO REAL ENVIRONMENTAL CENTER, INC. New Mexico CANBY DISPOSAL COMPANY Oregon CANBY TRANSFER RECYCLING, INC. Oregon CAPITAL REGION LANDFILLS, INC. New York CAROLINA LANDFILL, LLC South Carolina CAROLINA PROCESSING RECYCLING, LLC South Carolina CAROLINA WASTE RECYCLING LLC South Carolina CARPENTER WASTE HOLDINGS, LLC New York Carpenter Waste Carpenter Waste Removal CART-AWAY, LLC New York CGL HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware CH4, LLC Illinois CHAMBERS DEVELOPMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC. North Carolina Anson County Landfill CHAMP LANDFILL COMPANY, LLC Missouri Champ Landfill Company CHEROKEE SANITARY LANDFILL COMPANY Arkansas Cherokee Sanitary Landfill Company CHICAGO GRADE LANDFILL, INC. California CHICAGO GRADE LANDFILL RECYCLING LLC California CHICAGO GRADE LANDFILL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware CHIQUITA CANYON, INC. Delaware CHIQUITA CANYON, LLC Delaware Chiquita Canyon Landfill CITY WASTE, LLC Tennessee CLEARLAKE WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. California CLIFTON ORGANICS, LLC New York COLD CANYON LAND FILL, INC. California Cold Canyon Processing Facility COLUMBIA RESOURCE CO., L.P. Washington COLUMBIA RIVER DISPOSAL, INC. Washington Bingen Garbage Service Columbia River Disposal Skamania County Sanitary Service COMMERCIAL ROLLOFF COMPANY, LLC Arizona COMMERCIAL WASTE COMPANY, LLC Arizona COMMUNITY REFUSE DISPOSAL, INC. Nebraska COMPLEXE ENVIRO CONNEXIONS LTEE Canada CONSHOHOCKEN EQUIPMENT SERVICES, LLC Pennsylvania CONSHOHOCKEN RECYCLING CENTER, LLC Pennsylvania CONSHOHOCKEN RECYCLING RAIL TRANSFER LLC Delaware CORRAL DE PIEDRA LAND COMPANY California COUNTY WASTE AND RECYCLING SERVICE, INC. New York Ace Carting County Waste D.J. s Roll Off Service Hardesty and Sons Sanitation Spaulding Waste Services Superior Waste Valley View Sanitation Services COUNTY WASTE TRANSFER CORP. New York Troy Transfer Troy Transfer Station COUNTY WASTE -- ULSTER, LLC New York Big Top Disposal COUNTY WASTE - CANAAN B3 TRANSFER STATION, LLC New York EACO/B-3 CRI HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware CRM SITE SERVICES, LLC Colorado Aspen Excavation and Demolition Colorado Resource Management CUPOLA INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES, LLC Delaware CURRY TRANSFER RECYCLING, INC. Oregon City Transfer and Recycling Country Transfer Recycling Harrell s Septic Roto-Rooter of Curry County CWR HOLDINGS, LLC South Carolina CYPRESS CREEK LANDFILL, LLC Delaware D.M. DISPOSAL CO., INC. Washington American Portable Storage D.M. Recycling Superior Refuse Removal DEINES SERVICE CO. Oregon DELTA WASTE, L.L.C. Texas DELTA WASTE SERVICES, L.P. Texas DENVER REGIONAL LANDFILL, INC. Colorado DICK S SANITATION SERVICE, INC. Minnesota DNCS PROPERTIES, LLC Arizona DRAGON DISPOSAL, LLC Arizona 

DRY CREEK LANDFILL, INC. Oregon DURHAM REGIONAL LANDFILL, INC. Delaware DURHAM REGIONAL LANDFILL, LLC Arizona EAGLE FORD RECLAMATION COMPANY, LLC Texas EAGLE DISPOSAL OF PA INC. Pennsylvania Eagle Disposal EAGLE TOWING REPAIR, INC. Pennsylvania ECO-STORAGE INVESTMENTS, LLC Delaware Green Acres Recycling ECOSORT, L.L.C. Oregon E.L. HARVEY SONS INC. Massachusetts Colonial Waste Services Dover Trucking EL Harvey Transfer Station Mr. Trashman New Bedford Hauling New Bedford Transfer Station Roy s Recycling Service Waste Not Disposal Zero Waste Materials Recovery Facility EL PASO DISPOSAL, LP Texas El Paso Disposal ELKO SANITATION COMPANY Nevada Waste Connections of Nevada EMPIRE DISPOSAL, INC. Washington ENTECH ALASKA, LLC Alaska B P Waste SVCS. Envirolaska ENTREPRISE SANITAIRE F.A. LTEE. Canada ENVIRONMENTAL TRUST COMPANY Tennessee EVERGREEN DISPOSAL, INC. Montana Eureka Disposal Glacier Disposal Kootenai Disposal FINLEY-BUTTES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Oregon Finley Buttes Landfill Company FINNEY COUNTY LANDFILL, INC. Delaware FITCHBURG HARVEY HOLDINGS, LLC Massachusetts FLORIDA WASTE HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware Waste Connections of FL FORT ANN TRANSFER STATION, LLC New York FRONT RANGE LANDFILL, INC. Delaware Front Range Landfill F.W. DISPOSAL, L.L.C. Missouri Valley Park Transfer Station FW DISPOSAL SOUTH, LLC Missouri G P DEVELOPMENT, INC. Nebraska GARDEN CITY SANITATION, INC. California GARDEN CITY SANITATION PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware GENESIS RAILROAD REAL ESTATE, LLC Pennsylvania GILL HAULING, INC. Nebraska Western Disposal GLENN WEINBERGER TOPSOIL, INC. Arizona Weinberger Waste Disposal GMW ENTERPRISES, INC. Arizona GOLD RIVER HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware GRANVILLE TRANSFER STATION, LLC Vermont GREEN WASTE SOLUTIONS OF ALASKA, LLC Alaska GREENWICH TRANSFER STATION, LLC Vermont GROOT, INC. Illinois GROOT INDUSTRIES, INC. Delaware GROOT RECYCLING WASTE SERVICES, INC. Illinois Accurate Document Destruction Accurate Document Destruction, Inc. GROVELAND TRANSFER AND RECYCLING, INC. Florida HAMPTON ROADS RECOVERY CENTER, LLC Virginia HARDIN SANITATION, INC. Idaho Fox Sanitation Service Idaho Garbologist HAROLD LEMAY ENTERPRISES, INCORPORATED Washington AA Better Trash Junk Clean Up AA Lucky Portable Storage Aberdeen Sanitation Co. Butler s Cove Refuse Service City Sanitary Co. Eastern Grays Harbor Disposal EGH Disposal Harbor Disposal Co. Harold LeMay Enterprises HE Recycling Joes Refuse Service Lakewood Recycling Service Lakewood Refuse Service LeMay Inc LeMay Mobile Shredding LeMay Transportation Pacific Disposal Pierce County Refuse Recycle Services Rural Garbage Service White Pass Garbage HARVEY HOLDINGS, LLC Massachusetts 

HARVEY RECYCLING OF FITCHBURG, LLC Massachusetts HIGH DESERT SOLID WASTE FACILITY, INC. New Mexico HONEYWAGON ORGANICS, LLC Colorado HOODVIEW DISPOSAL RECYCLING, INC. Oregon HUDSON VALLEY WASTE HOLDING, INC. Delaware INTERMOUNTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. Colorado InterMountain Waste Recycling Mountain Waste Recycling INTERMOUNTAIN WASTE RECYCLING, LLC Colorado IOWA WASTE SERVICES, LLC Delaware IOWA WASTE SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware ISLAND DISPOSAL, INC. Washington Whidbey Recycling Services J J ACQUIRECO, LLC Delaware J J SERVICES, INC. Tennessee J J SERVICES HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware J BAR J LAND, INC. Nebraska JACKSON COUNTY RECYCLING PARTNERSHIP, LLC Oregon JACKSON TRANSFER STATION, LLC Vermont K. B. RECYCLING, INC. Oregon KAHUT CITY SANITARY SERVICE, INC. Oregon City Sanitary Service KAHUT COMPANIES HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware KAHUT INVESTMENT HOLDINGS, LLC Oregon KAHUT WASTE SERVICES, LLC Oregon KINGSBURY TRANSFER STATION, LLC Vermont LAKE COUNTY WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. California LAKESHORE DISPOSAL, INC. Idaho LANDFILL L.L.C. Illinois LAUREL RIDGE LANDFILL, L.L.C. Delaware LCRD HAULING OF INM, LLC Delaware Lewis Clark Recycling and Disposal Shenandoah Sanitation Waste Connections of Iowa LEALCO, INC. Texas ABC Waste Collection Pro Star Waste Waste Connections of Texas Waste Connections of Texas Rio Grande Valley LES ENTREPRISES RAYLOBEC INC. Quebec LEWIS CLARK RECYCLING AND DISPOSAL, LLC Delaware LIGHTNING BUTTE ENVIRONMENTAL, LLC Minnesota LIVERMORE SANITATION, INC. California LONE STAR DISPOSAL, L.P. Texas LONE STAR DISPOSAL (TEXAS), L.L.C. Texas LOUISIANA RECLAMATION COMPANY, L.L.C. Louisiana LOUISIANA REGIONAL LANDFILL COMPANY Delaware Timberlane Landfill Company L.P. GILL, INC. Nebraska MADERA DISPOSAL SYSTEMS, INC. California Allied Disposal Company Avenal Landfill Bishop Waste Disposal Coastal Rolloff Service Riverdale Disposal Service Sierra Disposal MAINLY SANITATION BUSINESS, LLC Delaware MAMMOTH DISPOSAL COMPANY California MANAGEMENT ENVIRONMENTAL NATIONAL, INC. Washington MASON COUNTY GARBAGE CO., INC. Washington MBO, LLC Delaware Lacassine Oilfield Services MDSI OF LA, INC. California MEL DEINES SANITARY SERVICE INC. Oregon MENDOCINO LEASING COMPANY, INC. California MERIDIAN HILL COMPOSTING, INC. Washington METROPOLITAN TRANSFER STATION, INC. New York MILLENNIUM WASTE INCORPORATED Indiana Quad Cities Landfill MILPITAS SANITATION, INC. California MISSION COUNTRY DISPOSAL California MORRO BAY GARBAGE SERVICE California MOUNTAIN ROLL-OFFS, INC. Colorado Mountain Refuse Mountain Refuse, Inc. Mountain Refuse, LLC Mountain Recycling, Inc. Mountain Waste Recycling MRI MOUNTAIN VIEW WASTE SYSTEMS, LLC Colorado MOUNTAIN WASTE - DENVER, LLC Colorado Pro Disposal Recycling MOUNTAIN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. Colorado MRL PROPERTY HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware MTG DISPOSAL, LLC Massachusetts Mega 

MURREY S DISPOSAL COMPANY, INC. Washington Murrey s Disposal Olympic Disposal MUSIC CITY PICK-A-PART Tennessee MUSIC CITY PICK-A-PART HOLDINGS I, LLC Delaware MUSIC CITY PICK-A-PART HOLDINGS II, LLC Delaware NAUSET DISPOSAL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware NEBRASKA ECOLOGY SYSTEMS, INC. Nebraska NEVADA SITE SERVICES Nevada Desert Recycling Joe s Sanitation Pahrump Sanitation NOBLES COUNTY LANDFILL, INC. Minnesota NORTHBOROUGH HARVEY HOLDINGS, LLC Massachusetts NORTHWEST CONTAINER SERVICES, INC. Oregon NWCS CONTAINER, INC. Delaware OKLAHOMA CITY WASTE DISPOSAL, INC. Oklahoma OKLAHOMA LANDFILL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware OREGON ENVIRONMENTAL INDUSTRIES, LLC Oregon Rogue Environmental Industries OSAGE LANDFILL, INC. Oklahoma PACIFIC RECYCLING SOLUTIONS, INC. California Pacific Organics Solutions PACIFIC SOLID WASTE DISPOSAL, INC. Washington PAHRUMP VALLEY DISPOSAL, INC. Nevada Amargosa Disposal Service Beatty Disposal Service PALADIN COMMODITIES, INC. Delaware PENN WASTE INC. Pennsylvania PENN WASTE PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware PENINSULA SANITATION SERVICE, INC. Washington Garbage Service Peninsula Sanitation Peninsula Sanitation Service PIERCE COUNTY RECYCLING, COMPOSTING AND DISPOSAL, LLC Washington LRI POST OAK CLEAN GREEN, INC. Texas POTRERO HILLS LANDFILL, INC. California Potrero Hills Landfill PREFERRED SEPTIC DISPOSAL, INC. California PREMIER WASTE SOLUTIONS, LLC Nebraska PSI ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. Indiana PSI WASTE PSI ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS, INC. Indiana PSI WASTE QUAD COUNTY ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS, LLC Mississippi R360 ARTESIA, LLC Delaware R360 ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS, LLC Delaware R360 ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware R360 ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS OF LOUISIANA, LLC Delaware R360 ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS OF MISSISSIPPI, LLC Delaware R360 ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS OF TEXAS, LLC Delaware R360 ES HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware R360 HITCHCOCK, LLC Delaware R360 OKLAHOMA, LLC Delaware J. Scott Mudd Disposal R360 PERMIAN BASIN, LLC New Mexico R360 RED BLUFF, LLC Texas R360 SHUTE CREEK, LLC Delaware R360 SILO, LLC Delaware R.A. BROWNRIGG INVESTMENTS, INC. Oregon Cascade Disposal Company Cascade Recycling Co. Kelvic Disposal Co. Kelvic Dropbox Company Sun Country Disposal RAILROAD AVENUE DISPOSAL, LLC Delaware RAM WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. Colorado Mountain West Disposal RECYCLE MINNESOTA L.L.C. Minnesota RED CARPET LANDFILL, INC. Oklahoma REDROCK LEASING, INC. Nevada REDWOOD WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. Delaware RENSSELAER REGION LANDFILLS, INC. Delaware RH FINANCIAL CORPORATION Washington RICH VALLEY, LLC Minnesota RIDGE (CHATHAM) HOLDINGS G.P. INC. Canada RIDGE (CHATHAM) HOLDINGS L.P. Manitoba RIP, INC. Florida R.J.C. TRUCKING CO. Oregon Eugene Drop Box ROAD RUNNER WASTE SERVICE, INC. New Mexico ROBERT WRIGHT DISPOSAL, INC. New York ROCHELLE WASTE DISPOSAL, L.L.C. Illinois ROCK RIVER ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. Illinois ROCK RIVER ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS, LLC Illinois ROGUE COMPOST, LLC Oregon ROGUE DISPOSAL RECYCLING, INC. Oregon 

ROGUE GREEN FUELS LLC Oregon Rogue Clean Fuels ROGUE KLAMATH TRANSFER LLC Oregon ROGUE MATERIALS RECOVERY, LLC Oregon ROGUE RAIL TRANSLOAD LLC Oregon ROGUE ROCK LLC Oregon ROGUE SHRED, LLC Oregon ROGUE TRANSFER RECYCLING, LLC Oregon ROGUE WASTE DISPOSAL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware ROGUE WASTE, INC. Oregon Rogue Waste Group ROGUE WASTE SYSTEMS, LLC Oregon ROLL-OFF EXPRESS, INC. Maryland RRD HOLDING COMPANY Illinois Disposal Services of Belvidere, Inc. G B Disposal, Inc. Gill s Freeport Disposal, Inc. Hoffman Disposal, Inc. Illinois Valley Waste Services, Inc. Marengo Disposal Company MDC Environmental Services, Inc. Montgomery Trucking Northern Illinois Disposal Services, Inc. Rock River Disposal Services, Inc. S.A. DUNN COMPANY, LLC New York SAN LUIS GARBAGE COMPANY California SANFORD RECYCLING AND TRANSFER, INC. Florida SANIPAC, INC. Oregon Star Garbage SANITATION SOLUTIONS, INC. Texas SANITATION SOLUTIONS PROPERTIES, LLC Texas SANTA MARIA TRANSFER STATION, INC. California Santa Maria Roll-Off SCOTT SOLID WASTE DISPOSAL COMPANY Tennessee Volunteer Landfill SCOTT WASTE SERVICES, LLC Kentucky SEABREEZE RECOVERY, INC. Delaware Seabreeze Environmental Seabreeze Environmental Landfill SECTION 18, LLC Minnesota SEDALIA LAND COMPANY Colorado SENECA MEADOWS, INC. New York SERVICES ENVIRONNEMENTAUX RICHELIEU INC. Quebec SHALE GAS SERVICES, LLC Arkansas SIERRA HOLDING GROUP, LLC New York SIERRA PROCESSING, LLC New York SILVER SPRINGS ORGANICS L.L.C. Washington SJ RECLAMATION, INC. Delaware SKB ENVIRONMENTAL, INC. Minnesota Shamrock Trucking SKB ENVIRONMENTAL CLOQUET LANDFILL, INC. Minnesota SLD LANDFILL, INC. Delaware SOLID WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. California SOUTH COUNTY SANITARY SERVICE, INC. California SOUTHWEST ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES Nevada SSL OPERATING COMPANY, INC. Delaware STEAMBOAT CREEK TERMINALS, INC. Virginia STUTZMAN REFUSE DISPOSAL INC. Kansas SUMTER RECYCLING AND SOLID WASTE DISPOSAL, INC. Florida SUN COUNTRY MATERIALS, LLC Delaware TABLE ROCK HOLDINGS, LLC Oregon TACOMA RECYCLING COMPANY, INC. Washington TAFT RECYCLING, INC. Florida TANNER ROAD FACILITY, L.P. Texas TEAM WASTE MEMPHIS, LLC Mississippi All American Waste Systems Team Waste TEAM WASTE SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware TENNESSEE WASTE MOVERS, INC. Delaware TWM-Landfill TEXAS REGIONAL LANDFILL COMPANY LP Texas Bowie Transfer Station Buffalo Creek Landfill East Texas Regional Landfill Company Fort Worth C D Landfill Jacksboro Landfill Travis County Landfill Turkey Creek Landfill Weatherford Landfill THUNDER BUTTE ENVIRONMENTAL, LLC Minnesota TIMBER RIDGE LANDFILL COMPANY Missouri Timber Ridge Landfill Company TIMBERLINE DISPOSAL, L.L.C. Colorado TRI COUNTRY SCRAP METALS, LLC California TROJAN RECYCLING, INC. Massachusetts TROJAN RECYCLING PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware 

TWM LAND HOLDINGS, LLC Mississippi UKIAH WASTE SOLUTIONS, INC. California UPPER VALLEY DISPOSAL HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware US LIQUIDS OF LA., L.P. Delaware R360 Environmental Solutions, Inc. VAIL HONEYWAGON ENTERPRISES, LLC Colorado Vail Honeywagon Ltd. Vail Honeywagon Rubbish Recycling WARM ASSOCIATES II, LLC Rhode Island WASCO COUNTY LANDFILL, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS BAYOU, INC. Delaware Delta Disposals WC of Louisiana WASTE CONNECTIONS BROKERAGE SERVICES, LLC Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS HOLDINGS LTD. Canada WASTE CONNECTIONS LONE STAR, INC. Texas Alltex Waste Archer Waste Corpus Christi Disposal Service Crouch Sanitation and Disposal Eagle Disposal Freedman Refuse Gaston Sanitation Service Good Ol Boys Curbside GW Waste Services Main Street Disposal Quality Hauling Waste Services Skid-O-Kan Texas Jack Triple H Trash Solutions Tri-Country Disposal Waste Connections of TX Waste Wranglers WC of Texas WASTE CONNECTIONS MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS OF ALABAMA, INC. Delaware Competitive Waste Systems Rumsey Environmental WASTE CONNECTIONS OF ALASKA, INC. Delaware Alaska Green Waste Solutions Alaska Pacific Environmental Services Anchorage Alaska Waste Alaska Waste - Anchorage Alaska Waste Transfer Anchorage Refuse Commercial Refuse DH Transit Eagle River Refuse Green Waste Kodiak Sanitation Peninsula Sanitation Valley Refuse Wasilla Refuse WASTE CONNECTIONS OF ALBUQUERQUE, LLC Arizona BARCO Albuquerque WASTE CONNECTIONS OF ARIZONA, INC. Delaware Arizona Sanitation Services Right Away Disposal Sun Lakes Disposal Waste Connections of Arizona WASTE CONNECTIONS OF ARKANSAS, INC. Arkansas WCN of Arkansas Methvin Sanitation WASTE CONNECTIONS OF CALIFORNIA, INC. California Amador Disposal Service Ebbetts Pass Disposal Service El Dorado Disposal Service Green Team of Los Angeles GreenTeam GreenTeam of San Jose GreenWaste of Tehama SEI Debris Box SEI Solid Waste West LA Reclamation Western El Dorado Recovery Systems WASTE CONNECTIONS OF CANADA INC. Ontario 

WASTE CONNECTIONS OF COLORADO, INC. Delaware All Trash Service Aspen Waste Aspen Waste Systems Community Recycling Denver Roll-Off Service Diamond Disposal Eagle Waste Recycling Service Eagle Waste Services Eagle Waste Services, Inc. Eagle Roll-Off, Inc. El Paso Disposal Services Fremont Disposal Horizon Property Management Platte Valley Disposal Pueblo Disposal Pueblo Disposal Recycling Service Snowy Peaks Trash Company Solid Waste Transfer Services Southside Landfill The Trash Company Town Country Disposal U.S. Disposal U.S. Disposal Services Waste Connections of Colorado Springs WASTE CONNECTIONS OF EL PASO, LP Texas BARCO El Paso WASTE CONNECTIONS OF FLORIDA, INC. Delaware Gator Road Recycling Transfer Good Fella s Roll-Off Waste Disposal Waste Connections of Florida WASTE CONNECTIONS OF GEORGIA, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS OF IDAHO, INC. Indiana Mountain Jack Environmental Services T, T R Enterprises Valley Waste and Recycling WASTE CONNECTIONS OF ILLINOIS, INC. Delaware Millennium Waste - IL WASTE CONNECTIONS OF IOWA, INC. Iowa Chitty Garbage Chitty Garbage Service E-Z Sanitation Stone Sanitation Town Country Disposal Whaley Waste Systems WASTE CONNECTIONS OF KANSAS, INC. Delaware Anderson Trash Service Best Yet Refuse Collectia LTD. Dual County Sanitation Northend Disposal Plumb Thicket Landfill R-Arrow Salina Waste Systems Schaben Sanitation Stutzman Refuse Disposal Waste Connections of Wichita WASTE CONNECTIONS OF KENTUCKY, INC. Delaware Kentucky Waste Systems, Inc. Mid-State Recycling Waste Disposal Mid-State Recycling Waste Systems Mid-State Waste Poff Carting Services WASTE CONNECTIONS OF LOUISIANA, INC. Delaware Delta Disposals Diamond Disposal Good Neighbor Disposal WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MARYLAND, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MINNESOTA, INC. Minnesota Hendrickson Sanitation L L Sanitation Schaap Sanitation Scotting Sanitation Ulrich Sanitation WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MISSISSIPPI DISPOSAL SERVICES, LLC Mississippi WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MISSISSIPPI, INC. Delaware Asco Sanitation Buck Run Landfill Northeast Mississippi Regional Landfill WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MISSOURI, INC. Missouri Obie Pete s Solid Waste Company Pete Tanner Solid Waste Waste Connections of Cape Girardeau Waste Connections of St. Louis Waste Connections Timber Ridge 

WASTE CONNECTIONS OF MONTANA, INC. Delaware Bitterroot Disposal Valley Recycling Victor Transfer WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NEBRASKA, INC. Delaware Allied Refuse Art s Garbage Service B B Sanitary Service Big Red Roll Off Central Waste Disposal Countryside Services Duren Sanitation J J Sanitation Junk in the Box Midwest Refuse Service Commercial Omega Systems Papillion Sanitation Sanitation Systems Saunders County Disposal Schaben Sanitation SGS Sanitation Shrader Refuse and Recycling Service Company Steve s Sanitation Steve s Sanitation Service The Garbage Company Wahoo Sanitation White Sanitation WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NEVADA, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NEW JERSEY, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NEW MEXICO, INC. Delaware Silva Sanitation Southwest Disposal WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NEW YORK, INC. Delaware County Waste Waste Connections WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC. Delaware Queen City Transfer Station Waste Connections of the Carolinas WC of the Carolinas WASTE CONNECTIONS OF NORTH DAKOTA, INC. Delaware Armstrong Sanitation Plus WASTE CONNECTIONS OF OKLAHOMA, INC. Oklahoma B B Sanitation Metropolitan Waste Services Oklahoma Disposal Sanitation Waste Connections Waste Connections of Lawton WASTE CONNECTIONS OF OREGON, INC. Oregon American Sanitary Service Arrow Sanitary Service Babe s Garbage Service Bandon Disposal Recycling Central Coast Disposal Clatskanie Sanitary Service County Transfer Recycling EWSI Environmental Waste Systems Hood River Garbage Service Hudson Portable Toilet Service Hudson Garbage Service Les County Sanitary Les Sanitary Service North Bend Sanitation Service Ontario Sanitary Service Oregon Paper Fiber Public Disposal and Recyling Center Sanitary Disposal Sanitary Disposal Transfer Station Sweet Home Sanitation Service Sweet Home Transfer Recycling The Dalles Disposal The Dalles Transfer Station Wally s Portable Restrooms WASTE CONNECTIONS OF OSCEOLA COUNTY, LLC Florida J.E.D. Landfill WASTE CONNECTIONS OF PENNSYLVANIA, INC. Delaware Waste Connections of Pennsylvania WASTE CONNECTIONS OF RHODE ISLAND, INC. Delaware Link Environmental Link Environmental Equipment Patriot Disposal Patriot Hauling WASTE CONNECTIONS OF SOUTH CAROLINA, INC. Delaware Waste Connections of the Carolinas 

WASTE CONNECTIONS OF SOUTH DAKOTA, INC. South Dakota A C Keiffer Sanitation Art s Garbage Service Cook s Wastepaper Recycling Dakota Data Shred Envirotech Waste Services Kieffer Sanitation Marv s Sanitary Service of Sioux Falls Novak Enterprises Novak Sanitary Service Pierre Recycling Center Reber Sanitation Ron s Dray Sioux Valley Sanitation Service Steve s Garbage Service Walker Refuse WASTE CONNECTIONS OF TENNESSEE, INC. Delaware Asco Sanitation Cumberland Waste Cumberland Waste Disposal Music City Hauling Ocoee Environmental Services Queen City Disposal Scott Solid Waste Southern Disposal WASTE CONNECTIONS OF TEXAS, LLC Delaware Caprock Waste Hardy Road Transfer Station Hill Country Refuse Vaquero Waste Recycling Waste Connections of Texas West Texas Disposal WASTE CONNECTIONS OF UTAH, INC. Delaware City Sanitation Roche Sons WASTE CONNECTIONS OF WASHINGTON, INC. Washington Buchmann Sanitation Service Empire Disposal Hauling Lakeside Disposal Recycling Company The Disposal Group Triangle Resources Twin City Sanitary Service Vancouver Sanitary Service Waste Connections of Spokane WASTE CONNECTIONS OF WYOMING, INC. Delaware American Disposal American Disposal, Inc. BW Waste Edwal Services Green River Valley Refuse Kieffer Sanitation Ryan Sanitation WASTE CONNECTIONS PALMETTO, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS US, INC. Delaware WASTE CONNECTIONS US HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware WASTE CONTROL, INC. Washington Stan s Sanitary Service WASTE CONTROL PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware WASTE CONTROL RECYCLING, INC. Washington WASTE DISPOSAL, L.L.C. Kansas WASTE INNOVATIONS, LLC Arizona Waste Innovations Waste Innovations Leasing WASTE MASTERS SOLUTIONS, LLC Delaware Banta s Bestway Trash Remove All Co. WASTE MASTERS SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. Delaware WASTE REDUCTION SERVICES, L.L.C. Oregon WASTE SERVICES OF N.E. MISSISSIPPI, INC. Mississippi WASTE SOLUTIONS GROUP OF SAN BENITO, LLC Delaware John Smith Road Landfill WATERWAY TRAILS INC. Texas WAYS LANE LLC Pennsylvania WC INDUSTRIALS, INC. Delaware WCHU FINANCE KFT. Hungary WCI AUSTIN LANDFILL, LLC Minnesota WCI CROSSINGS ULC Alberta WCI GLOBAL HOLDINGS ULC Alberta WCI NORTH INVESTMENTS, GP Alberta WCI SOUTH INVESTMENTS, LP Delaware WCI VENTURE I, LLC Delaware WCI VENTURE II, LLC Delaware WCI VENTURE III, LLC Delaware 

WCI VENTURE IV, LLC Delaware WCI-WHITE OAKS LANDFILL, INC. Delaware White Oaks Landfill WCN DE LP CORPORATION Delaware WCN HOLDINGS, INC. Ontario WCN TX GP CORPORATION Delaware WCUK FINANCE LTD United Kingdom (England and Wales) WCUK HOLDINGS LTD United Kingdom (England and Wales) WCUK MANAGEMENT LTD United Kingdom (England and Wales) WCUK VENTURE HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware WEST BANK ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC Indiana Leftovers of Wyoming Westbank Sanitation WEST COAST RECYCLING AND TRANSFER, INC. Oregon Public Disposal and Recycling Center Store-It WEST LINN REFUSE RECYCLING, INC. Oregon WEST VALLEY COLLECTION RECYCLING, LLC California WESTBOROUGH HARVEY HOLDINGS, LLC Massachusetts WHITEHALL TRANSFER STATION, LLC Vermont WINNEBAGO LANDFILL COMPANY, LLC Illinois WINNEBAGO RECLAMATION SERVICE, INC. Illinois WYOMING ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC. Indiana Lander Valley Sanitation Wyoming Waste Systems YAKIMA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. Washington 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 wcn-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We have issued our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Waste Connections, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Waste Connections, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-259244) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-168064, File No. 333-212245, File No. 333-212244, File No. 333-212243 and File No. 333-239554). /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Houston, Texas February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 wcn-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Worthing F. Jackman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Waste Connections, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Worthing F. Jackman Worthing F. Jackman President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 wcn-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mary Anne Whitney, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Waste Connections, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Mary Anne Whitney Mary Anne Whitney Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 wcn-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) I, Worthing F. Jackman, being the duly elected and acting President and Chief Executive Officer of Waste Connections, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Worthing F. Jackman Worthing F. Jackman President and Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 wcn-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) I, Mary Anne Whitney, being the duly elected and acting Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Waste Connections, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Mary Anne Whitney Mary Anne Whitney Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 wcn-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 wcn-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 wcn-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 wcn-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

