<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1564618_0001564618-23-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25823553</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416295</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3059092</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10910102</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5476802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5447646</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564618-23-000029.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221165236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564618-23-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		133
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Independent Bank Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001564618
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				134219346
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35854
		FILM NUMBER:		23649054

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7777 HENNEMAN WAY
		CITY:			MCKINNEY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 562-9004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7777 HENNEMAN WAY
		CITY:			MCKINNEY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Independent Bank Group Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564618-23-000029.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 ibtx-20221231.htm
 10-K

ibtx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 . 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates based on the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022 was approximately . 
 At February 17, 2023, the Company had outstanding shares of common stock, par value .01 per share. 
 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference: 

INDEPENDENT BANK GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 Item 2. Properties 
 34 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 39 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 65 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 68 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 68 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 68 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 68 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 136 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by Item 1A. Risk Factors , and the section captioned Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this report. 
 General 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. (the Company is a registered bank holding company headquartered in McKinney, Texas, which is located in the northern portion of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area. The Company was organized as a Texas corporation on September 20, 2002. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Independent Bank, a Texas state chartered bank, doing business as Independent Financial (the Bank ), provides a wide range of relationship-driven commercial banking products and services tailored to meet the needs of businesses, professionals and individuals. The terms "Company," "we," "us" and "our" mean the Company and its subsidiaries, when appropriate. We operate branches and offices in the Dallas/North Texas area, including McKinney, Dallas, Fort Worth, and Sherman/Denison, the Austin/Central Texas area, including Austin and Waco, the Houston Texas metropolitan area and along the Colorado Front Range area, including Denver, Colorado Springs and Fort Collins. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated total assets of 18.3 billion, total loans of 13.8 billion, total deposits of 15.1 billion and total stockholders equity of 2.4 billion. 
 The Company s primary function is to own all of the stock of the Bank. The Bank is a locally managed community bank that seeks to provide personal attention and professional assistance to its customer base, which consists principally of small to medium sized businesses, professionals and individuals. The Bank s philosophy includes offering direct access to its officers and personnel, providing friendly, informed and courteous service, local and timely decision making, flexible and reasonable operating procedures, and consistently applied credit policies. 
 The Company s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "IBTX." 
 Business Strategy 
 The Company operates based upon the following core strategies, which the Company designed to enhance shareholder value by growing strategically while preserving asset quality, improving efficiency and increasing profitability: 
 Grow Organically . The Company focuses on continued organic growth through the Company s existing footprint and business lines. The Company utilizes a community-focused, relationship-driven customer strategy to increase loans and deposits through the Company s existing locations. Preserving the safety and soundness of the Company s loan portfolio is a fundamental element of the Company s organic growth strategy. The Company has a strong and conservative credit culture, which allows the Company to maintain its asset quality as the Company grows. In addition, the Company has an enterprise risk management function to identify and mitigate risk on a Company wide basis to support continued growth. 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Grow Through Acquisitions . The Company plans to continue to take advantage of opportunities to acquire or strategically partner with other banking franchises both within and outside the Company s current footprint. Since mid-2010, the Company has completed twelve acquisitions that the Company believes have enhanced shareholder value and the Company s market presence. The following table summarizes each of the acquisitions completed since 2010. 
 Acquired Institution/Market Date of Acquisition Fair Value of Total Assets Acquired (dollars in thousands) Town Center Bank 
 Dallas/North Texas 
 July 31, 2010 37,451 Farmersville Bancshares, Inc. 
 Dallas/North Texas 
 September 30, 2010 99,420 I Bank Holding Company, Inc. 
 Austin/Central Texas 
 April 1, 2012 172,587 The Community Group, Inc. 
 Dallas/North Texas 
 October 1, 2012 110,967 Collin Bank 
 Dallas/North Texas 
 November 30, 2013 168,320 Live Oak Financial Corp. 
 Dallas/North Texas 
 January 1, 2014 131,008 BOH Holdings, Inc. 
 Houston, Texas 
 April 15, 2014 1,188,893 Houston City Bancshares, Inc. 
 Houston, Texas 
 October 1, 2014 350,747 Grand Bank 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 1, 2015 620,196 Carlile Bancshares, Inc. 
 Dallas/North Texas, Central Texas, Colorado Front Range 
 April 1, 2017 2,444,155 Integrity Bancshares, Inc. 
 Houston, Texas 
 June 1, 2018 851,875 Guaranty Bancorp 
 Denver, Colorado and Colorado Front Range 
 January 1, 2019 3,943,070 
 The Company's Community Banking Services 
 The Independent Way. Nearly a century after the Bank s beginning, the Bank s dedication to serving the needs of businesses and individuals in the Bank s communities remains stronger than ever. Through the Bank, the Company strives to provide customers with innovative financial products and services, local decision making and a level of service and responsiveness that is second to none. The Company s innovative and independent spirit is balanced by adherence to fundamental banking principles that have enabled the Company to remain strong, sound and financially secure even during challenging economic times. The Company is also steeped in a tradition of civic pride as evidenced by the investment of the Company s time, energies and financial resources in many local community development initiatives and organizations to improve and benefit the Company s communities. 
 Lending Operations. Through the Bank, the Company offers a broad range of commercial and retail lending products to businesses, professionals and individuals. Commercial lending products include owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, interim construction loans, commercial loans (such as Small Business Administration (SBA) guaranteed loans, business term loans, equipment lease financing, lines of credit and energy related loans) to a diversified mix of small and midsized businesses, and loans to professionals, including medical practices. Retail lending products include residential first and second mortgage loans and consumer installment loans, such as loans to purchase cars, boats and other recreational vehicles. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s strategy is to maintain a broadly diversified loan portfolio by type and location. The Company s loan portfolio consists of real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, residential mortgage loans, residential construction loans, agricultural loans, consumer loans, and energy loans. Real estate secured loans are spread among a variety of types of borrowers, including owner-occupied offices for small businesses, medical practices and offices, retail operations and multi-family properties. The Company s loans are diversified geographically throughout the Company s Dallas/North Texas region (approximately 38 ), the Company s Houston region (approximately 24 ), the Company s Austin/Central Texas region (approximately 13 and the Company's Colorado Front Range region (approximately 25 ). See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Loan Portfolio " for a more detailed description of the Company s lending operations. 
 Deposits. Through the Bank, the Company provides a full range of deposit products and services, including a variety of checking and savings accounts, debit cards, online banking, including online account opening, mobile banking, eStatements and bank-by-mail and direct deposit services. Deposits are the Company s principal source of funds for use in lending and other general banking purposes. The Company also offers business accounts and management services, including analyzed business checking, business savings, and treasury management services. The Company solicits deposits through its relationship-driven team of dedicated and accessible bankers and through community focused marketing. The Company also utilizes an experienced Treasury Management team to solicit and manage large deposit relationships. 
 Other Services. In connection with our relationship driven approach to our customers, the Company, through the Bank, offers residential mortgages through the mortgage brokerage division. As a mortgage broker, the Company originates residential mortgages which are typically sold into the secondary market shortly after closing. The Company also supports residential mortgage operations through a mortgage warehouse program. The Company provides wealth management services to its customers through Private Capital Management, LLC, a registered investment advisory firm, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank. 
 The Company has also implemented a retail banking strategy designed to enhance the consumer experience with the Company. Through this strategy, the Company utilizes an intentional and focused approach to understand and meet the multifaceted financial needs of each individual customer within the Company s financial centers. 
 Competition 
 The Company competes in the commercial banking industry solely through the Bank and firmly believes that the Bank s long-standing presence in the community and personal service philosophy enhance the Company s ability to attract and retain customers. This industry is highly competitive, and the Bank faces strong direct competition for deposits, loans and other financial-related services. The Company competes with other commercial banks, thrifts and credit unions. An emerging source of competition is banking through digital channels offered by large, money center banking organizations, as well as FinTech businesses. Although some of these competitors are situated locally, others have statewide or nationwide presence. In addition, the Company competes with large banks in major financial centers and other financial intermediaries, such as consumer finance companies, brokerage firms, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, securities firms, mutual funds and certain government agencies as well as major retailers, all actively engaged in providing various types of loans and other financial services. The Company believes that its banking professionals, the range and quality of products that the Company offers, its market presence, and its emphasis on building long-lasting relationships distinguishes the Bank from its competitors. 
 According to S P Capital IQ, as of June 30, 2022, the Company had the 16 th largest deposit market share in Texas and the 13 th largest deposit market share in Colorado. We believe that our strong market share is a reflection of the Company s ability to compete with more prominent banking franchises in our markets. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,547 employees. The average tenure of the executive leadership team within the Company is 14.04 years, and the attrition rate for all employees in 2022 was 35.6 . Involuntary terminations due to a reduction in workforce in November 2022 increased the attrition rate for the year ended 2022. Excluding the workforce reduction, the attrition rate for all employees was 28.3 . None of the Company s employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit nor are they parties to any collective bargaining agreement. We believe our employee relations to be good. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We are a high performing company that provides meaningful and engaging employee experience while serving as a powerful force for positive change in the communities we serve. We believe in a corporate culture where all people are empowered to reach their full potential. The Company s Board of Directors fosters this belief by ensuring that senior management adopt strategies that result in the Company keeping a continuous pulse on both employee performance and satisfaction at every level. The Company has also adopted and enforces codes of conduct that establish principles of integrity, respect, and excellence at all levels of the Company. 
 Diversity and inclusion remains a focus of the Company s recruitment and retention strategie s. The Company launched its Diversity and Inclusion Program in 2020. The program is built upon the three core principles of people, culture and community. The program includes the establishment of a Diversity Council, comprised of 15 cross-functional leaders diverse in gender, race and ethnicity. The Company s Board of Directors receives quarterly updates on the progress made by the Diversity and Inclusion Program. Since its inception the program's accomplishments have included: 
 
 Completion of an all-employee survey focused on analyzing employee satisfaction levels and identification of critical areas of need for improvement; 
 Evaluation of tools to provide employees with cultural awareness and sensitivity training; 
 Identification and participation in various job fairs focused upon providing opportunities to underserved and minority candidates; 
 Creation of a calendar to educate employees about various holidays and awareness months; and 
 Recruitment of a diverse summer internship class comprised of 42 non-white students and 50 female students. 
 To attract and retain talent, the Company offers a Hybridworx (remote work) Program, competitive compensation and benefits, and is heavily invested in the health, safety and welfare of each employee. The Company s standard benefits package includes an active health and wellness program that engages employees throughout the year with the goal of generating positive health outcomes for our team members. The program includes access to telemedicine, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, insurance premium reductions for those who complete certain health and fitness tasks in the year, and an Employee Assistance Program offering confidential emotional support, work-life solutions, and legal and financial planning resources. The Company also empowers employees to plan for their financial futures by matching 100 of the first 6 of contributions made to the Company s 401-K plan. The Company also offers a competitive staff incentive plan. The Company will pay 100 of its 2022 staff incentive plan to its eligible employees. 
 The Company also encourages every employee to effect positive change in the communities we serve throughout Texas and Colorado. Senior management has designed programs that encourage and celebrate community service by providing additional paid time off to employees to accommodate participation in service related activities and by highlighting contributions made by our team throughout the year. In 2022, our employees volunteered over 2,300 hours for a volunteer value of over 60,000. 
 The Company firmly believes that one of its greatest assets is its employees. We strive year after year to build and enhance our corporate culture so that our workforce continues to feel valued, heard, understood, appreciated, encouraged and empowered to professionally thrive and make a difference within the Company and the communities we serve. 
 Available Information 
 The Company files reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You may read and copy this information at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, like the Company, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Documents filed by the Company with the SEC are available from the Company without charge (except for exhibits to the documents). You may obtain documents filed by the Company with the SEC by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the Company at the following address: 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. 
 7777 Henneman Way 
 McKinney, Texas 75070-1711 
 Attention: Paul Langdale 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Telephone: (972) 562-9004 
 www.ifinancial.com 
 Documents filed by the Company with the SEC are also available on the Company s website, www.ifinancial.com. Information furnished by the Company and information on, or accessible through, the SEC s or the Company s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General. The U.S. banking industry is highly regulated under federal and state law. Consequently, the growth and earnings performance of the Company and its subsidiaries will be affected not only by management decisions and general and local economic conditions, but also by the statutes administered by, and the regulations and policies of, various governmental regulatory authorities. These authorities include the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or the OCC, the Texas Department of Banking, or the TDB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB, the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities. The effect of these statutes, regulations and policies, and any changes to such statutes, regulations and policies, can be significant and cannot be predicted. 
 The primary goals of the bank regulatory scheme are to maintain a safe and sound banking system and to facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries establishes a comprehensive framework for their respective operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s deposit insurance fund, the banks depositors and the public, rather than the Company s shareholders or creditors. The description below summarizes certain elements of the applicable bank regulatory framework. This description is not intended to describe all laws and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries, and the description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations, policies, interpretive letters and other written guidance that are described herein. 
 Independent Bank Group as a Bank Holding Company 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, or the BHC Act, and supervision, examination and enforcement by the Federal Reserve. The BHC Act and other federal laws subject bank holding companies to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. The Federal Reserve s jurisdiction also extends to any company that the Company directly or indirectly controls, such as the Company s nonbank subsidiaries. 
 Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends; Source of Strength . The Company is regarded as a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The principal source of the Company s revenues is dividends received from the Bank. As described in more detail below, Texas state law places limitations on the amount that state banks may pay in dividends, which the Bank must adhere to when paying dividends to the Company. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement that provides that a bank holding company should not pay dividends unless (a) its net income over the last four quarters (net of dividends paid) has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (b) the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition of the bank holding company and its subsidiaries and (c) the bank holding company will continue to meet minimum required capital adequacy ratios. Accordingly, the Company should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income in any year or that can only be funded in ways that weaken its ability to serve as a source of financial strength for its banking subsidiaries, including by borrowing money to pay dividends. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Under Federal Reserve policy, bank holding companies have historically been required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of its banking subsidiaries, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (the Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement, the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to provide such resources. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. As discussed below, a bank holding company, in certain circumstances, could be required to guarantee the capital restoration plan of an undercapitalized banking subsidiary. If the capital of the Bank were to become impaired, the Federal Reserve could assess the Company for the deficiency. If the Company failed to pay the assessment within three months, the Federal Reserve could order the sale of the Company s stock in the Bank to cover the deficiency. 
 Scope of Permissible Activities . Under the BHC Act, the Company is prohibited from acquiring a direct or indirect interest in or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank or financial holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiary banks, except that the Company may engage in, directly or indirectly, and may own shares of companies engaged in, certain activities found by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing and controlling banks as to be proper. These activities include, among others, operating a mortgage, finance, credit card or factoring company; performing certain data processing operations; providing investment and financial advice; acting as an insurance agent for certain types of credit-related insurance; leasing personal property on a full-payout, nonoperating basis; and providing certain stock brokerage and investment advisory services. In approving acquisitions or the addition of activities, the Federal Reserve considers, among other things, whether the acquisition or the additional activities can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public, such as greater convenience, increased competition, or gains in efficiency, that outweigh such possible adverse effects as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, also known as the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, effective March 11, 2000, or the GLB Act, amended the BHC Act and eliminated the barriers to affiliations among banks, securities firms, insurance companies and other financial service providers. The GLB Act permits bank holding companies to become financial holding companies and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature. The GLB Act defines financial in nature to include securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking activities; and activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be closely related to banking. No regulatory approval will be required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve. 
 Safe and Sound Banking Practices . Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe and unsound banking practices and may be required to obtain prior approval and/or provide the Federal Reserve with prior notice of certain transactions. The Federal Reserve may oppose the transaction if it believes that the transaction would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law or regulation. In certain circumstances, the Federal Reserve could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. 
 The Federal Reserve has broad authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or which constitute violations of laws or regulations, and can assess civil money penalties for certain activities conducted on a knowing and reckless basis, if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as one million dollars 1,000,000) for each day the activity continues. 
 Anti-Tying Restrictions . Bank holding companies and their affiliates are prohibited from tying the provision of certain services, such as extensions of credit, to other nonbanking services offered by a bank holding company or its affiliates. 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements . The Federal Reserve utilizes a system based upon risk-based capital guidelines under a two-tier capital framework to evaluate the capital adequacy of bank holding companies. Tier 1 capital generally consists of common stockholders equity, retained earnings, a limited amount of qualifying perpetual preferred stock, qualifying trust preferred securities and noncontrolling interests in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill and certain intangibles. Tier 2 capital generally consists of certain hybrid capital instruments and perpetual debt, mandatory convertible debt securities and a limited amount of subordinated debt, qualifying preferred stock, credit loss allowance, and unrealized holding gains on certain equity securities. The regulatory capital requirements are applicable to the Company because its total consolidated assets equal more than 1 billion. The Bank is subject to the capital requirements of the FDIC. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Under the guidelines, specific categories of assets are assigned different risk weights, based generally on the perceived credit risk of the asset. These risk weights are multiplied by corresponding asset balances to determine a risk-weighted asset base. The guidelines required a minimum ratio to be well capitalized of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8.0 (of which at least 6.0 was required to consist of Tier 1 capital elements). Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. Risk-weighted assets exclude intangible assets such as goodwill and core deposit intangibles. 
 In addition to the risk-based capital guidelines, the Federal Reserve uses a leverage ratio as an additional tool to evaluate the capital adequacy of bank holding companies. The leverage ratio is a company s Tier 1 capital divided by its average total consolidated assets. In general, bank holding companies are required to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 4.0 . Further, under what is known as the Basel III requirements, the Company is subject to a capital measure known as Common Equity Tier 1 , or CET1, which emphasizes the common equity component of capital adequacy. 
 The federal banking agencies risk-based and leverage capital ratios are minimum supervisory ratios generally applicable to banking organizations that meet certain specified criteria. Banking organizations not meeting these criteria are expected to operate with capital positions well above the minimum ratios. The federal bank regulatory agencies may set capital requirements for a particular banking organization that are higher than the minimum ratios when circumstances warrant. Federal Reserve guidelines also provide that banking organizations experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions must maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. 
 In addition to the minimum CET1, Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios, the Company and the Bank must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional CET1 capital greater than 2.5 of risk-weighted assets above the required minimum levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, repurchasing shares, and paying discretionary bonuses. 
 Under the Federal Reserve's and FDIC s prompt corrective action standards, in order to be considered well-capitalized, the Company and the Bank must have a ratio of CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 , a ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 10.0 , and a leverage ratio of 5.0 ; and must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. In order to be considered adequately capitalized, an institution must have the minimum capital ratios described above. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank each were well-capitalized. An institution that is not well capitalized is subject to certain restrictions on brokered deposits and interest rates on deposits. See Note 20. Regulatory Matters for more information on regulatory capital requirements. 
 The Federal Reserve s capital regulations and Regulation Y generally require a bank holding company to receive the Federal Reserve's prior approval of, and/or provide notice to and consult with the Federal Reserve regarding any redemption or repurchase of its own equity securities. 
 Interchange Fees. The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act limits the amount of interchange fees that banks with assets of 10 billion or more may charge to process electronic debit transactions. An issuer must begin complying with the Durbin Amendment no later than July 1 of the next calendar year after the issuer crosses the 10 billion threshold. The Company and the Bank became subject to the rule on July 1, 2020. Under the Durbin Amendment and the Federal Reserve s implementing regulations, bank issuers who are not exempt may only receive an interchange fee from merchants that is reasonable and proportional to the cost of clearing the transaction. The maximum permissible interchange fee is equal to no more than 0.21 plus five basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. A debit card issuer may also recover 0.01 per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements required by the Federal Reserve. In addition, the Federal Reserve has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product. 
 Imposition of Liability for Undercapitalized Subsidiaries . Bank regulators are required to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions whose capital declines below certain levels. In the event an institution becomes undercapitalized, it must submit a capital restoration plan. The capital restoration plan will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company having control of the undercapitalized institution guarantees the subsidiary s compliance with the capital restoration plan up to a certain specified amount. Any such guarantee from a depository institution s holding company is entitled to a priority of payment in bankruptcy. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The aggregate liability of the holding company of an undercapitalized bank is limited to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount necessary to cause the institution to be adequately capitalized. The bank regulators have greater power in situations where an institution becomes significantly or critically undercapitalized or fails to submit a capital restoration plan. For example, a bank holding company controlling such an institution can be required to obtain prior Federal Reserve approval of proposed dividends, or might be required to consent to a consolidation or to divest the troubled institution or other affiliates. 
 Acquisitions by Bank Holding Companies . The BHC Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before it acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, or ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if after such acquisition it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting shares of such bank. In approving bank acquisitions by bank holding companies, the Federal Reserve is required to consider, among other things, the effect of the acquisition on competition, the financial condition, managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding company and the banks concerned, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including the record of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA), the effectiveness of the applicant in combating money laundering activities and the extent to which the proposed acquisition would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system. The Company s ability to make future acquisitions will depend on its ability to obtain approval for such acquisitions from the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve could deny the Company s application based on the above criteria or other considerations. For example, the Company could be required to sell banking centers as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to the Company or, if acceptable, may reduce the benefit of a proposed acquisition. 
 Control Acquisitions . Federal and state laws, including the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, or the CBCA, impose additional prior notice or approval requirements and ongoing regulatory requirements on any investor that seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or bank holding company. Whether an investor controls a depository institution is based on all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. As a general matter, an investor is deemed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 25 or more of any class of voting securities. Subject to rebuttal, an investor is presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 10 or more of any class of voting securities and either the depository institution or company is a public company or no other person will hold a greater percentage of that class of voting securities after the acquisition. If an investor s ownership of the Company s voting securities were to exceed certain thresholds, the investor could be deemed to control the Company for regulatory purposes, which could subject such investor to regulatory filings or other regulatory consequences. 
 On January 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve finalized a rule that simplifies and increases transparency of its rules for determining when one company controls another company for purposes of the BHC Act. The rule became effective September 30, 2020. The rule has and will likely continue to have a meaningful impact on control determinations related to investments in banks and bank holding companies and investments by bank holding companies in nonbank companies. 
 Volcker Rule. Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, known as the Volcker Rule, prohibits any bank, bank holding company, or affiliate (referred to collectively as banking entities from engaging in two types of activities: proprietary trading and the ownership or sponsorship of private equity or hedge funds that are referred to as covered funds. Proprietary trading is, in general, trading in securities on a short-term basis for a banking entity's own account. In December 2013, the federal banking agencies, the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, finalized a regulation to implement the Volcker Rule. After the enactment of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act in May 2018, Volcker Rule limitations apply to banking entities with 10 billion or more in total consolidated assets. The Company became subject to the Volcker Rule on January 1, 2021 and has confirmed that its investment practices conform to the Volcker Rule. 
 Federal Securities Laws. The common stock of the Company is registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Therefore, the Company is subject to the reporting, information disclosure, proxy solicitation, insider trading limits and other requirements imposed on public companies by the SEC under the Exchange Act. This includes limits on sales of stock by certain insiders and the filing of insider ownership reports with the SEC. The SEC and Nasdaq have adopted regulations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd Frank Act that apply to the Company as a Nasdaq-traded, public company, which seek to improve corporate governance, provide enhanced penalties for financial reporting improprieties and improve the reliability of disclosures in SEC filings. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation of the Bank 
 The Bank is a Texas-chartered banking association, the deposits of which are insured by the deposit insurance fund of the FDIC. The Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System; therefore, the Bank is subject to supervision and regulation by the FDIC, the TDB and the CFPB. Such supervision and regulation subject the Bank to special restrictions, requirements, potential enforcement actions and periodic examination by the FDIC, the TDB and the CFPB. Because the Federal Reserve regulates the Company, the Federal Reserve also has supervisory authority that directly affects the Bank. 
 Equivalence to National Bank Powers . The Texas Constitution, as amended in 1986, provides that a Texas-chartered bank has the same rights and privileges that are or may be granted to national banks domiciled in Texas. To the extent that the Texas laws and regulations may have allowed state-chartered banks to engage in a broader range of activities than national banks, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, or the FDICIA, has operated to limit this authority. The FDICIA provides that no state bank or subsidiary thereof may engage as a principal in any activity not permitted for national banks, unless the institution complies with applicable capital requirements and the FDIC determines that the activity poses no significant risk to the deposit insurance fund of the FDIC. In general, statutory restrictions on the activities of banks are aimed at protecting the safety and soundness of depository institutions. 
 Financial Modernization . Under the GLB Act, a national bank may establish a financial subsidiary and engage, subject to limitations on investment, in activities that are financial in nature, other than insurance underwriting as principal, insurance company portfolio investment, real estate development, real estate investment, annuity issuance and merchant banking activities. To do so, a bank must be well capitalized, well managed and have a Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, rating from the FDIC of satisfactory or better. Subsidiary banks of a financial holding company or national banks with financial subsidiaries must remain well capitalized and well managed in order to continue to engage in activities that are financial in nature without regulatory actions or restrictions. Such actions or restrictions could include divestiture of the financial in nature subsidiary or subsidiaries. In addition, a financial holding company or a bank may not acquire a company that is engaged in activities that are financial in nature unless each of the subsidiary banks of the financial holding company or the bank has a CRA rating of satisfactory of better. 
 Although the powers of state chartered banks are not specifically addressed in the GLB Act, Texas-chartered banks such as the Bank will have the same if not greater powers as national banks through the parity provisions contained in the Texas Constitution and other Texas statutes. 
 Branching . Texas law provides that a Texas-chartered bank can establish a branch anywhere in Texas provided that the branch is approved in advance by the TDB. The branch must also be approved by the FDIC, which considers a number of factors, including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate powers. The Dodd-Frank Act permits insured state banks to engage in de novo interstate branching if the laws of the state where the new branch is to be established would permit the establishment of the branch if it were chartered by such state. 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders . Transactions between the Bank and its nonbanking subsidiaries and/or affiliates, including the Company, are subject to Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. In general, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act imposes limits on the amount of such transactions, and also requires certain levels of collateral for loans to affiliated parties. It also limits the amount of advances to third parties that are collateralized by the securities or obligations of the Company or its subsidiaries. Covered transactions with any single affiliate may not exceed 10 of the capital stock and surplus of the Bank, and covered transactions with all affiliates may not exceed, in the aggregate, 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus. For a bank, capital stock and surplus refers to the bank s Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, as calculated under the risk-based capital guidelines, plus the balance of the allowance for credit losses excluded from Tier 2 capital. The Bank s transactions with all of its affiliates in the aggregate are limited to 20 of the foregoing capital. Covered transactions are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate, as well as a purchase of securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of assets (unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve) from the affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan, and the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. In addition, in connection with covered transactions that are extensions of credit, the Bank may be required to hold collateral to provide added security to the Bank, and the types of permissible collateral may be limited. The Dodd-Frank Act generally enhances the restrictions on transactions with affiliates. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Affiliate transactions are also subject to Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, which generally requires that certain transactions between the Bank and its affiliates be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving other nonaffiliated persons. 
 The restrictions on loans to directors, executive officers, principal shareholders and their related interests (collectively referred to herein as insiders contained in the Federal Reserve Act and in Regulation O promulgated by the Federal Reserve apply to all insured institutions and their subsidiaries and bank holding companies. These restrictions include limits on loans to one borrower and conditions that must be met before such a loan can be made. There is also an aggregate limitation on all loans to insiders and their related interests. Generally, these loans cannot exceed the institution s total unimpaired capital and surplus, and the FDIC may determine that a lesser amount is appropriate. Loans to senior executive officers of a bank are even further restricted, generally limited to 100,000 per senior executive officer. Insiders are subject to enforcement actions for knowingly accepting loans in violation of applicable restrictions. 
 Restrictions on Dividends . Dividends paid by the Bank have provided a substantial part of the Company s operating funds, and for the foreseeable future, it is anticipated that dividends paid by the Bank to the Company will continue to be the Company s principal source of operating funds. However, capital adequacy requirements serve to limit the amount of dividends that may be paid by the Bank. Under federal law, the Bank cannot pay a dividend if, after paying the dividend, it would be undercapitalized. The FDIC may declare a dividend payment to be unsafe and unsound even though the Bank would continue to meet its capital requirements after payment of the dividend. 
 Because the Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries, its right to participate in the distribution of assets of any subsidiary upon the subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization will be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or the FDI Act, provides that, in the event of a liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If the Bank fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, nondeposit creditors, including the Company, with respect to any extensions of credit it has made to the Bank. 
 Examinations by the FDIC the TDB . The Bank is subject to continuous regulation, supervision and examination by the FDIC and the TDB concerning all areas of operation of the Bank. Areas monitored by the FDIC and the TDB, include, but are not limited to, lending practices, corporate governance, investments, borrowings, payment of dividends, training of employees, reserve methodology, BSA/AML compliance, management of risk related to interest rate, liquidity, capital and operations, overall enterprise risk management, internal audit program, financial accounting practices, security procedures, information technology and other related matters. The Bank and Company devote a significant amount of time and resources to align practices and procedures with examiners' expectations and federal and state regulation. 
 Examinations by the CFPB. The Bank is subject to supervision and examination by the CFPB. The CFPB maintains authority over the Bank with respect to substantially all federal statutes and regulations protecting the interests of consumers of financial services, including but not limited to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act and the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and their respective related regulations. Violation of these laws and regulations could subject the Bank to lawsuits and administrative penalties, including civil monetary penalties, payments to affected consumers, and orders to halt or materially change our consumer banking activities. The CFPB has broad authority to pursue enforcement actions, including investigations, civil actions and cease and desist proceedings and can refer civil and criminal findings to the Department of Justice for prosecution. The Bank is also subject to other federal and state consumer protection laws that, among other things, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive, corrupt or fraudulent business practices, untrue or misleading advertising and unfair competition. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Audit Reports . Insured institutions with total assets of 500 million or more must submit annual audit reports prepared by independent auditors to federal and state regulators. In some instances, the audit report of the institution s holding company can be used to satisfy this requirement. Auditors of an insured institution must receive examination reports, supervisory agreements and reports of enforcement actions. For institutions with total assets of 1 billion or more, financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, management s certifications signed by the Company s and the Bank s chief executive officer and chief accounting or financial officer concerning management s responsibility for the financial statements, and an attestation by the auditors regarding the Bank s internal controls must also be submitted. For institutions with total assets of more than 3 billion, independent auditors may be required to review quarterly financial statements. The FDICIA requires that the Bank have an independent audit committee, consisting only of outside directors, or that the Company has an audit committee that is entirely independent. The committees of such institutions must include members with experience in banking or financial management, must have access to outside counsel, and must not include representatives of large customers. 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements . The FDIC has adopted regulations establishing minimum requirements for the capital adequacy of insured institutions and may establish higher minimum requirements if, for example, a bank has previously received special attention or has a high susceptibility to interest rate risk. The FDIC s risk-based capital guidelines, under the fully phased-in Basel III Capital Rules, generally require state banks to have a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8.5 and a ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 10.5 . The capital categories have the same definitions for the Bank as for the Company. The FDIC s leverage guidelines require state banks to maintain Tier 1 capital of no less than 4.0 of average total assets, except in the case of certain highly rated banks for which the requirement is 3.0 of average total assets. The TDB has issued a policy which generally requires state chartered banks to maintain a leverage ratio (defined in accordance with federal capital guidelines) of 5.0 . See Note 20. Regulatory Matters for more information on regulatory capital requirements. 
 Corrective Measures for Capital Deficiencies . The federal banking regulators are required by the FDI Act to take prompt corrective action with respect to capital-deficient institutions that are FDIC-insured. The five capital categories for insured depository institutions under the prompt corrective action regulations consist of: 
 Well capitalized - equals or exceeds a 10 total risk-based capital ratio, 8 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, 6.5 CET1 capital ratio and 5 leverage ratio and is not subject to any written agreement, order or directive requiring it to maintain a specific level for any capital measure; 
 Adequately capitalized - equals or exceeds an 8 total risk-based capital ratio, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, 4.5 CET1 capital ratio and 4 leverage ratio; 
 Undercapitalized - total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8 , or a Tier 1 risk-based ratio of less than 6 , a CET1 capital ratio of less than 4.5 or a leverage ratio of less than 4 ; 
 Significantly undercapitalized - total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6 , or a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4 , a CET1 capital ratio of less than 3 or a leverage ratio of less than 3 ; and 
 Critically undercapitalized - a ratio of tangible equity to total assets equal to or less than 2 . 
 In addition to requiring undercapitalized institutions to submit a capital restoration plan, agency regulations contain broad restrictions on certain activities of undercapitalized institutions, including asset growth, acquisitions, branch establishment and expansion into new lines of business. With certain exceptions, an insured depository institution is prohibited from making capital distributions, including dividends, and is prohibited from paying management fees to control persons if the institution would be undercapitalized after any such distribution or payment. 
 As an institution s capital decreases, the FDIC s enforcement powers become more severe. A significantly undercapitalized institution is subject to mandated capital raising activities, restrictions on interest rates paid and transactions with affiliates, removal of management and other restrictions. The FDIC has only very limited discretion in dealing with a critically undercapitalized institution and is virtually required to appoint a receiver or conservator. 
 Banks with risk-based capital and leverage ratios below the required minimums may also be subject to certain administrative actions, including the termination of deposit insurance upon notice and hearing, or a temporary suspension of insurance without a hearing in the event the institution has no tangible capital. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Deposit Insurance Assessments . Substantially all of the deposits of the Bank are insured up to applicable limits by the deposit insurance fund of the FDIC, and the Bank must pay annual deposit insurance assessments to the FDIC for such deposit insurance protection. The FDIC maintains the deposit insurance fund by designating a required reserve ratio. If the reserve ratio falls below the designated level, the FDIC must adopt a restoration plan that provides that the deposit insurance fund will return to an acceptable level generally within five years. 
 On December 20, 2010, the FDIC raised the minimum designated reserve ratio of the deposit insurance fund to 2.00 , which exceeds the 1.35 reserve ratio that is required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The FDIC has the discretion to set the price for deposit insurance according to the risk for all insured institutions regardless of the level of the reserve ratio. 
 The deposit insurance fund reserve ratio is maintained by assessing depository institutions and establishing an insurance premium based upon statutory factors. Under its current regulations, the FDIC imposes assessments for deposit insurance according to a depository institution s ranking in one of four risk categories based upon supervisory and capital evaluations. 
 On February 7, 2012, the FDIC approved a final rule that amends its existing deposit insurance funds restoration plan and implements certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Effective as of July 1, 2012, the assessment base is determined using average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity rather than the current assessment base of adjusted domestic deposits. Because the change resulted in a much larger assessment base, the final rule also lowered the assessment rates in order to keep the total amount collected from financial institutions relatively unchanged from the amounts previously being collected. After the effect of potential base-rate adjustments, the total base assessment rate for the Bank could range from 2.5 to 45 basis points on an annualized basis. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, for institutions with 10 billion or more in assets, the FDIC uses a performance score and a loss-severity score that are used to calculate an initial assessment rate. In calculating these scores, the FDIC uses a bank s capital level and regulatory supervisory ratings and certain financial measures to assess an institution s ability to withstand asset-related stress and funding-related stress. The FDIC also has the ability to make discretionary adjustments to the total score based upon significant risk factors that are not adequately captured in the calculations. The FDIC deposit assessment began use of this new calculation in the first quarter of 2020. 
 On June 22, 2020, the FDIC issued a rule that mitigates the deposit insurance assessment effects of participating in the Paycheck Protection Progam (PPP) loan program first enacted under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. Pursuant to the final rule, the FDIC will generally remove the effect of PPP lending in calculating an institution s deposit insurance assessment. The final rule also provides an offset to an institution s total assessment amount for the increase in its assessment base attributable to participation in the PPP loan program. Further, on October 20, 2020, the FDIC issued a final rule to allow institutions that experienced temporary growth from participation in the PPP loan program to determine whether they are subject to the requirements of Part 363 of the FDIC s regulations (which imposes annual audit and reporting requirements on insured deposit institutions with 500 million or more in consolidated total assets) for fiscal years ending in 2021 based on the consolidated assets of December 31, 2019. 
 Brokered Deposit Restrictions . Adequately capitalized institutions cannot accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits, without receiving a waiver from the FDIC, and are subject to restrictions on the interest rates that can be paid on any deposits. Undercapitalized institutions may not accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits. In December 2020, the FDIC finalized a rule that intended to bring the brokered deposit regulations in line with modern deposit taking methods. The final rule became effective on April 1, 2021, with an extended compliance date of January 1, 2022. Compliance with the final rule did not impact the Bank's classification of brokered deposits. 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations . The federal banking agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank has a concentration in commercial real estate lending if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm residential properties and loans for construction, land development and other land represent 300 or more of total capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. Owner-occupied loans are excluded from this second category. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address the following key elements: board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Community Reinvestment Act . The CRA and the regulations issued thereunder are intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their entire service area, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operations of such banks. These regulations also provide for regulatory assessment of a bank s record in meeting the needs of its service area when considering applications to establish branches, merger applications and applications to acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of another bank. The Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act FIRREA) requires federal banking agencies to make public a rating of a bank s performance under the CRA. In the case of a bank holding company, the CRA performance record of the banks involved in the transaction are reviewed in connection with the filing of an application to acquire ownership or control of shares or assets of a bank or to merge with any other bank holding company. An unsatisfactory CRA record could substantially delay approval or result in denial of an application. In December 2019, the FDIC and the OCC jointly proposed rules that changed the existing regulations in four key ways: (i) clarifying what activities will qualify for CRA credit; (ii) updating where activities count for CRA credit; (iii) providing a more transparent and objective method for measuring CRA performance; and (iv) revising CRA-related data collection, record keeping, and reporting. In May 2020, the OCC issued its final CRA rule, effective October 1, 2020, but, effective January 1, 2022, rescinded it and replaced it with the OCC s prior CRA rule. The FDIC has not finalized the revisions to its CRA rule. The Federal Reserve, along with the FDIC and the OCC, issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ("NPR") on May 5, 2022. The deadline for submitting comments on the NPR was August 5, 2022. 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity . In addition to expanding the activities in which banks and bank holding companies may engage, the GLB Act also imposed new requirements on financial institutions with respect to customer privacy. The GLB Act generally prohibits disclosure of customer information to nonaffiliated third parties unless the customer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to customers annually. Financial institutions, however, are required to comply with state law if it is more protective of customer privacy than the GLB Act. 
 Federal regulators have issued advisory statements regarding cybersecurity. Generally, federal regulators expect that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. In addition, a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If the Company fails to observe the regulatory guidance, the Company could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. Recently, the federal banking agencies adopted a Final Rule that went into effect on May 1, 2022, that requires banking organizations to notify their primary banking regulator within 36 hours of determining that a computer-security incident has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to carry out banking operations or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, its businesses and operations that would result in material loss, or its operations that would impact the stability of the United States. 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states, have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states, including Texas and Colorado, have implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. The Texas banks are required to promptly report material cybersecurity incidents to the Texas Banking Commissioner. 
 The Company expects this trend of both federal and state-level attention to cybersecurity to continue, and is continually monitoring developments at the federal level and in the states in which its customers are located. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Limits on Compensation. The Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC in 2010 issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies for executive management of banks and bank holding companies. This guidance was intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine their safety and soundness by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The objective of the guidance is to assure that incentive compensation arrangements (i) provide incentives that do not encourage excessive risk-taking, (ii) are compatible with effective internal controls and risk management and (iii) are supported by strong corporate governance, including oversight by the board of directors. In 2016, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. As of December 31, 2022, these rules have not been implemented. In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including the NYSE, to implement listing standards that require listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. The final rule requires us to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after such listing standard becomes effective. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Legislation . A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, or the USA Patriot Act, substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued and, in some cases, proposed a number of regulations that apply various requirements of the USA Patriot Act to financial institutions. These regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their customers. The USA Patriot Act requires, among other things, financial institutions to comply with certain due diligence requirements in connection with correspondent or private banking relationships with non-U.S. financial institutions or persons, establish an anti-money laundering program that includes employee training and an independent audit, follow minimum standards for identifying customers and maintaining records of the identification information and make regular comparisons of customers against agency lists of suspected terrorists, their organizations and money launderers. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA ), was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to promulgate priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy; requires the development of standards for testing technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations; and expands BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. Many of the statutory provisions in the AMLA will require additional rulemakings, reports and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. In June 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy required under the AMLA. The priorities include: corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking and proliferation financing. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation . The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. These are typically known as the OFAC rules based on their administration by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. The OFAC-administered sanctions targeting certain countries take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to a U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Laws, Regulations or Policies 
 In general, regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of financial institutions. From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures. Such initiatives may change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company and the Bank in substantial and unpredictable ways. The Company cannot determine the ultimate effect that any potential legislation, if enacted, or implementing regulations with respect thereto, would have, upon the financial condition or results of operations of the Company or the Bank. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or the Bank could have a material effect on the financial condition, results of operations or business of the Company and the Bank. 
 Enforcement Powers of Federal and State Banking Agencies 
 The federal banking agencies have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and appoint a conservator or receiver. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory agreements could subject the Company or the Bank and their subsidiaries, as well as their respective officers, directors, and other institution affiliated parties, to administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil money penalties. In addition to the grounds discussed above under Corrective Measures for Capital Deficiencies, the appropriate federal banking agency may appoint the FDIC as conservator or receiver for a banking institution (or the FDIC may appoint itself, under certain circumstances) if any one or more of a number of circumstances exist. The TDB also has broad enforcement powers over the Bank, including the power to impose orders, remove officers and directors, impose fines and appoint supervisors and conservators. 
 Effect on Economic Environment 
 The policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, have a significant effect on the operating results of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the means available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid for deposits. 
 Federal Reserve monetary policies have materially affected the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The Company cannot predict the nature of future monetary policies and the effect of such policies on the business and earnings of it and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in the Company s common stock involves risks. The following is a description of the material risks and uncertainties that the Company believes affect its business and an investment in the common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties that the Company is unaware of, or that it currently deems immaterial, also may become important factors that affect the Company and its business. If any of the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were to occur, the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of the common stock could decline significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Summarized below are the most significant risks and uncertainties that we believe could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Following this summary, we discuss each risk in greater detail under each risk s respective headings, organized by Risks Related to the Company s Business and Risks Related to an Investment in the Company s Common Stock. You should read both the summary and the detailed descriptions of each risk before investing in the Company s securities. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO THE COMPANY S BUSINESS 
 Strategic Risk 
 The Company may not be able to continue to grow. 
 The Company may not be able to continue its acquisition strategy. 
 The Company must effectively manage risk associated with its acquisition strategy. 
 The Company has a geographic concentration in Texas and Colorado. 
 Operational Risk 
 Workforce disruption may inhibit the Company's ability to attract and retain talent. 
 The Company must effectively manage the need for technological change. 
 The Company may experience system failure or cybersecurity breaches. 
 The Company is reliant on third party service providers. 
 The Company m ay be subj ect to data processing failures, control failures and fraud. 
 New lines of business or new products and services subject the Company to additional risks. 
 The Company s accounting estimates and risk management programs rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 The Company is subject to counterparty risk. 
 The value of the Company s goodwill could become impaired. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company must manage credit risk. 
 The Company has a significant concentration in commercial real estate loans. 
 The Company has exposure to credit risk related to the energy industry. 
 The Company s Allowance for Credit Losses may be insufficient. 
 The Company s mortgage business subjects the Company to additional risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company must manage interest rate risk. 
 The replacement of LIBOR may subject the Company to additional risk. 
 The Company could experience losses on its investment securities in volatile rate environments. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk 
 The Company is subject to legal and regulatory risk. 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated environment and, as a result, is subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 The Company must devote significant resources to compliance. 
 The Company is subject to continuous examination. 
 The Company may be required to pay significantly higher FDIC deposit insurance assessments in the future. 
 The Company faces a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 There are substantial regulatory limitations on changes of control of bank holding companies. 
 Liquidity and Capital Risk 
 The Company is subject to liquidity risk. 
 The Company must maintain adequate capital. 
 The Federal Reserve may require the Company to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Other Risks Affecting Our Business 
 Volatile market conditions and macro economic trends, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company operates in a competitive environment. 
 The Company is reliant on deposits as a significant source of funding. 
 The Company may be adversely impacted by natural disasters, health pandemics, and other local and worldwide events beyond the Company s control. 
 The Company is subject to growing risk from changing environmental conditions. 
 Reputational risk is heightened by emerging environmental, social and governance concerns. 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK 
 The Company s stock price can be volatile. 
 The Company is dependent upon the Bank for cash flow, and the Bank s ability to make cash distributions is restricted. 
 The Company s dividend policy may change without notice, and the Company s future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. 
 The Company s largest shareholder and board of directors have historically, and currently, exert a controlling influence on the Company. 
 The Company s corporate organizational documents and the provisions of Texas law make it more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition of the Company that you may favor. 
 Other debt and equity instruments have priority over the Company s common stock. 
 An investment in the Company s common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE COMPANY S BUSINESS 
 Strategic Risk 
 The Company may not be able to continue to grow. 
 To achieve its past levels of growth, the Company has focused on both internal growth and acquisitions. The Company may not be able to sustain its historical rate of growth or may not be able to grow at all. More specifically, the Company may not be able to grow earning assets, specifically loans, and the Company may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates. Various factors, such as economic conditions and competition, may impede or prohibit loan growth and the completion of acquisitions. Further, as discussed above, the Company may be unable to attract and retain new talent, which could adversely affect its internal growth. If the Company is not able to continue its historical levels of growth, it may not be able to maintain its historical earnings trends. If the Company does not manage the Company s growth effectively, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be negatively affected, and the Company may not be able to continue to implement the Company s business strategy and successfully conduct the Company s operations. 
 The Company may not be able to continue its acquisition strategy. 
 The Company has been pursuing a growth strategy that includes the acquisition of other financial institutions in target markets. The Company has completed several acquisitions since 2010, with its last acquisition completed on January 1, 2019 of Guaranty Bancorp. The Company intends to continue its acquisition strategy. Such an acquisition strategy, involves significant risks, including the following: 
 finding suitable markets for expansion; 
 finding suitable candidates for acquisition; 
 attracting funding to support additional growth; 
 maintaining asset quality; 
 attracting and retaining qualified management; and 
 maintaining adequate regulatory capital. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Accordingly, the Company may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates in the future that fit its acquisition and growth strategy. In addition, the Company s previous acquisitions may make it more difficult for investors to evaluate historical trends in the Company s financial results and operating performance, as the impact of such acquisitions make it more difficult to identify organic trends that would be reflected absent such acquisitions. If the Company is unable to continue to grow through acquisitions, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operation and future prospects could be negatively impacted. 
 The Company must effectively manage risk associated with its acquisition strategy. 
 Acquisitions of financial institutions also involve operational risks and uncertainties, and acquired companies may have unknown or contingent liabilities with no available manner of recourse, exposure to unexpected asset quality problems, key employee and customer retention problems and other problems that could negatively affect the Company s organization. The Company may not be able to complete future acquisitions or, if completed, the Company may not be able to successfully integrate the operations, management, products and services of the entities that the Company acquires and eliminate redundancies. Acquisition activities and the integration process may also require significant time and attention from the Company s management that they would otherwise direct toward servicing existing business and developing new business. Further, the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, disruption of the combined entity s ongoing business, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the Company s ability to maintain relationships with customers or employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction. Failure to successfully integrate the entities the Company acquires into the Company s existing operations may increase the Company s operating costs significantly and adversely affect the Company s business and earnings. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values and, therefore, some dilution of the Company s tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any future transaction. 
 The Company has a geographic concentration in Texas and Colorado. 
 The Company conducts its operations almost exclusively in Texas and Colorado. This geographic concentration imposes risks from lack of geographic diversification. The economic conditions in Texas and Colorado affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects, where adverse economic developments, among other things, could affect the volume of loan originations, increase the level of nonperforming assets, increase the rate of foreclosure losses on loans and reduce the value of the Company s loans and loan servicing portfolio. Moreover, if the population or income growth in the Company s market areas is slower than projected, income levels, deposits and housing starts could be adversely affected and could result in a reduction of the Company s expansion, growth and profitability. Any regional or local economic downturn that affects Texas or Colorado, or existing or prospective borrowers or property values in such areas, may affect the Company and the Company s profitability more significantly and more adversely than the Company s competitors whose operations are less geographically concentrated. 
 Operational Risk 
 Workforce disruption may inhibit the Company's ability to attract and retain talent. 
 The Company s business and growth strategies depend significantly on the Company s ability to recruit and retain management and employees with expertise, experience and business relationships within the Company's market areas. The Company s ability to attract and retain key management and employees is dependent upon its compensation, incentive and benefits programs, its response to emerging workplace trends and practices, such as the current demand for flexible work schedules and remote work options that have arisen from the pandemic, its reputation for rewarding and promoting qualified employees, and its implementation of diversity and inclusion initiatives. The hyper competitive nature of the current labor market could increase the Company's noninterest expense, as well as cause significant difficulty and delay in replacing departed management and employees with qualified candidates, who are experienced in the specialized aspects of the Company s business or who have ties to the communities within the Company s market areas. The unexpected loss of any of the Company s key personnel could, therefore, have an adverse impact on the Company s productivity and growth. This in turn makes the Company's success dependent upon the strength of its recruitment efforts, as well as its succession plans and procedures. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The Company must effectively manage the need for technological change. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. The Company s future success will depend in part upon the Company s ability to address the needs of the Company s customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Company s operations as it continues to grow and expand the Company s market area. The Company may experience operational challenges as it implements these new technology enhancements or products, which could result in the Company not fully realizing the anticipated benefits from such new technology or require the Company to incur significant costs to remedy any such challenges in a timely manner. 
 The Company may experience system failure or cybersecurity breaches. 
 The Company is highly dependent on its computer systems and network infrastructure to conduct its operations, including the secure processing, storage and transmission of vital and sensitive data, exposing the Company to potential cyber incidents resulting from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. As a financial institution, the Company processes, stores and transmits a significant amount of personal customer information. The Company also maintains important internal data such as personally identifiable information about employees and customers, and information relating to the Company s operations. The Company relies on third-party service providers for significant portions of its computer systems, network infrastructure and information security, and failure or misconduct by any of those third parties or their systems could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information, as well as execution of transactions over the Company s computer systems, are essential to protect the Company and its customers against fraud and cybersecurity breaches and for the Company to maintain customer confidence. The computer systems and network infrastructure the Company uses could fail or be subject to unforeseen problems. The Company s operations are dependent upon its ability to protect its computer systems and network against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from cybersecurity breaches, cyberattacks, ransomware attacks, viruses, worms, and other unauthorized or hostile acts which are becoming increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Any action, damage or failure that causes or results in breakdowns, disruptions, or unauthorized activities in the Company s computer systems or network infrastructure, including customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan or other systems, could disrupt the Company s ability to properly operate its business, damage the Company s reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny, investigations or fines, violate privacy or other applicable laws or expose the Company to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. External or internal actors could obtain unauthorized access to the Company s computer systems or network infrastructure or information stored in and transmitted through the Company s computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in the theft or unauthorized use of personal information, which could cause significant liability to the Company and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with the Company. The pervasiveness of cybersecurity incidents in general and the risks of cybersecurity breaches are complex and continue to evolve as technology and reliance on these systems continue to evolve. Cybersecurity concerns are also further heightened by Russia's invasion of the Ukraine. In addition, advances in computer capabilities and the increased sophistication of fraudsters and hackers could result in a compromise or breach of the systems the Company and the Company s third-party service providers use to encrypt and protect customer data and transactions. A failure or compromise of such security measures could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of February 21, 2023, the Company has not discovered any material cybersecurity incidents. 
 The Company is reliant on third party service providers. 
 The Company depends on a number of relationships with third-party service providers. Specifically, the Company receives core systems processing, essential web hosting and other Internet systems, cloud technologies, deposit processing, mobile banking and other processing services from third-party service providers. If these third-party service providers experience difficulties, interruptions, or terminate their services, and the Company is unable to replace them with other comparable service providers, particularly on a timely basis, the Company s operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. Even if the Company is able to replace third party service providers, it may be at a higher cost to the Company, which could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The Company may be subject to data processing failures, control failures and fraud. 
 Employee errors and employee and customer fraud or misconduct could subject the Company to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm the Company s reputation. Misconduct by the Company s employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from the Company, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of the Company s customers, or improper use of, or unauthorized access to confidential information. Customers are also subject to financial crimes, including fraud, wire fraud, and cyber-crimes, which could adversely impact their ability to pay loans or result in a fraudulent removal of funds from their deposit accounts or other unauthorized activities. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, or fraudulent and other criminal schemes impacting customers, and the precautions the Company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors could also subject the Company to financial claims for negligence. 
 The Company maintains a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors, cybersecurity breaches, and employee, customer, or third party fraud. However, if the Company s internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the Company relies heavily upon information supplied by third parties, including the information contained in credit applications, property appraisals, title information, equipment pricing and valuation and employment and income documentation, in deciding which loans the Company will originate, as well as the terms of those loans. If any of the information upon which the Company relies is misrepresented, either fraudulently or inadvertently, and the misrepresentation is not detected prior to asset funding, the value of the asset may be significantly lower than expected, or the Company may fund a loan that the Company would not have funded or on terms the Company would not have extended. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the applicant or another third party, the Company generally bears the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. A loan subject to a material misrepresentation is typically unsellable or subject to repurchase if it is sold prior to detection of the misrepresentation. The sources of the misrepresentations are often difficult to locate, and it is often difficult to recover any of the monetary losses that the Company may suffer. 
 New lines of business or new products and services subject the Company to additional risks. 
 From time to time, the Company may implement or may acquire new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, the Company may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of the Company s system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company s accounting estimate and risk management programs rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 The Company utilizes analytical and forecasting models across various areas of the Company's operations to manage risk. Many of these models rely upon certain assumptions, which, if inaccurate or inadequate, could impact the Company in materials ways. In addition, the models themselves may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 By way of example, the Company uses forecasting and analytical models to estimate its expected credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments. It also uses models to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. If the models the Company uses for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, the Company may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models the Company uses for determining its expected credit losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models the Company uses to measure the fair value of financial instruments is inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what the Company could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in the Company s analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company is subject to counterparty risk. 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional customers. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or customer. In addition, the Company s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the Company. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 The value of the Company s goodwill could become impaired. 
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeded the fair value of net assets that the Company acquired in connection with the purchase of another financial institution. The Company reviews goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset might be impaired. Significant and sustained decline in the Company s stock price and material adverse changes in economic conditions may result in taking future write downs related to the impairment of goodwill. 
 The Company determines impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Any such adjustments are reflected in the Company s results of operations in the periods in which they become known. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1.1 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. While the Company has not recorded any such impairment charges since the Company initially recorded the goodwill, there can be no assurance that the Company s future evaluations of goodwill will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk 
 The Company must manage credit risk. 
 Making any loan involves risk, including risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers, risks of nonpayment, risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and cash flows available to service debt, and risks resulting from changes in economic and market conditions. The Company s credit risk approval and monitoring procedures may fail to identify or reduce these credit risks, and they cannot completely eliminate all credit risks related to the Company s loan portfolio. The Company faces a variety of risk related to its types of loans. Adverse developments affecting commercial real estate values in the Company s market areas could increase the credit risk associated with commercial real estate loans, impair the value of the property pledged as collateral for these loans, and affect the Company s ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss. Further, due to the larger average size of commercial real estate loans, the Company faces risk that losses incurred on a small number of commercial real estate loans could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company s commercial real estate and commercial loans also have the risk that repayment is subject to the ongoing business operations of the borrower. Commercial loans are often secured by personal property, such as inventory, and intangible property, such as accounts receivable, which if the business is unsuccessful, typically have values insufficient to satisfy the loan without a loss. If the overall economic climate in the United States, generally, or the Company s market areas in Texas and Colorado, specifically, experience material disruption, the Company s borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, the collateral the Company holds may decrease in value or become illiquid, and the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require additional provisions for credit losses, which would cause the Company s net income and return on equity to decrease. 
 The Company has a significant concentration in commercial real estate loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 80.1 of the Company s loan portfolio was comprised of loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral, excluding agricultural loans secured by real estate. As a result, adverse developments affecting real estate values in the Company s market areas could increase the credit risk associated with the Company s real estate loan portfolio. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the area in which the real estate is located. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in one or more of the Company s markets could increase the credit risk associated with the Company s loan portfolio, and could result in losses that would adversely affect credit quality, financial condition, and results of operation. Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity in the Company s market areas could significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect the Company s ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses. Collateral may have to be sold for less than the outstanding balance of the loan, which could result in losses on such loans. Such declines and losses would have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations and growth prospects. If real estate values decline, it is also more likely that the Company would be required to increase the Company s allowance for credit losses, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has increased demand for remote work opportunities and continues to cause supply chain disruption, which could have a particularly adverse impact on the Company's office and retail portfolios. As of December 31, 2022, office and retail loans collectively accounted for 49.1 of the Company's commercial real estate portfolio. The Company's retail portfolio, which alone accounted for 29.4 of the Company's commercial real estate portfolio may also decline in credit quality in the event there are reductions in consumer disposable income from workforce reductions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has exposure to credit risk related to the energy industry. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 4.2 of the Company s loans held for investment portfolio (excluding mortgage warehouse loans) was composed of loans made to companies engaged in oil production and oilfield services. The significant decline in oil prices during 2020 adversely effected some of these borrowers ability to repay these loans and impaired the value of collateral securing some of these loans. While oil prices have since recovered and the Company's energy portfolio remains well managed, the decline and volatility in oil prices could have an impact on other segments of the economy generally, including real estate, and particularly for the Texas and Colorado economies. The Houston market economy specifically could be adversely affected given its high concentration of energy related businesses. The Company s asset quality and results of operations could be adversely impacted by the direct and indirect effects of current and future conditions in the energy industry. The Company's energy portfolio is also more susceptible to operational and environmental related disruption, such as on the job injuries, oil spills, explosions, severe weather, and heightened pressure to implement environmental, social and governance driven initiatives, and particularly initiatives that align with the Biden Administration's goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
 The Company s Allowance for Credit Losses may be insufficient. 
 The Company maintains allowances for credit losses on loans, securities and off-balance sheet credit exposures. The Company has implemented controls and procedures to measure and estimate the lifetime expected credit loss at the time a financial asset is initially added to the balance sheet and periodically thereafter. The Company's amount of each allowance account represents management's best estimate of current expected credit losses on such financial instruments at each balance sheet date using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The actual amount of credit losses is affected by changes in economic, operating and other conditions within the Company s markets, as well as changes in the financial condition, cash flows, and operations of the Company s borrowers, all of which are beyond the Company s control, and such losses may exceed current estimates. As a result, the determination of the appropriate level of allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Company to make significant estimates related to current and expected future credit risks and trends, all of which may undergo material changes. The Company s current expected credit losses (CECL) model has increased the complexity, and associated risk, of the analysis and processes relying on management judgment, which could negatively impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment (excluding mortgage warehouse purchase loans) was 1.09 and as a percentage of total nonperforming loans was 371.14 . Additional credit losses will likely occur in the future and may occur at a rate greater than the Company has previously experienced. The Company may be required to take additional provisions for credit losses in the future to further supplement the allowance for credit losses, either due to management s decision to do so or requirements by the Company s banking regulators. In addition, bank regulatory agencies will periodically review the Company s allowance for credit losses and the value attributed to nonaccrual loans or to real estate acquired through foreclosure. Based on their judgments or interpretations, which may be different than management s, regulators may require the Company to change classifications or grades of loans or recognize further loan charge-offs. If the assessment of credit losses is inaccurate, or if economic and market conditions materially deteriorate as a result of occurrences like the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic, other global pandemics, natural disasters, or if anticipated climate change regulations impact the Company's CECL model, then the Company may need to increase or decrease its allowance for credits losses, which, in turn, will increase or decrease the Company s reported income, and introduce additional volatility into its reported earnings, and possibly capital. See also Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition - Allowance for Credit Losses for additional discussion of financial impact of the allowance for credit losses. 
 The Company s mortgage business subjects the Company to additional risk. 
 The Company originates and sells residential mortgage loans through the Bank s mortgage division and purchases and sells residential mortgages through its mortgage warehouse business. As of December 31, 2022, mortgage warehouse purchase loans totaled 312.1 million, or 2.2 of total loans held for investment. Mortgage lending and mortgage warehouse purchase lending include credit risk associated with commercial bank lending. This line of business is also subject to market volatility, changes in interest rates, volume volatility and changing appetite of investors for certain mortgage products. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Through its mortgage warehouse business, the Company provides guidance lines of credit to mortgage companies that originate and sell residential mortgages. As part of this process, the Bank funds and purchases the mortgage at closing, the mortgage company sells the mortgage to an institutional buyer, and the proceeds from that sale are the primary source of repurchase of the mortgage from the Bank. This process exposes the Bank to market and interest rate risk in the event that the mortgage is not sold. The Bank is also subject to risk of fraud by mortgage company employees and customers. While the Company has insurance against fraud in the mortgage process, fraud loss in excess of insurance limits or which is not covered by insurance could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 The Company has entered into loan purchase commitments and forward sales commitments to mitigate the interest rate risk related to mortgage origination activities. While the Company believes that its hedging strategies will be successful in mitigating exposure to interest rate risk associated with the origination and purchase of mortgage loans, no hedging strategy can completely mitigate risk. Poorly designed strategies, improperly executed transactions, or inaccurate assumptions regarding future interest rates or market conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Mortgage lending and mortgage warehouse purchase lending is subject to counterparty risk. The Company is from time to time required to hold or repurchase mortgage loans or reimburse investors as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties under the agreements pursuant to which it purchases and sells mortgage loans. While agreements with the originators and sellers of mortgage loans provide legal recourse that may allow the Company to recover some or all of losses, these companies are frequently not financially capable of paying large amounts of damages and as a result the Company can offer no assurance that it will not suffer loss as a result of these arrangements. 
 The Company may incur other costs and losses as a result of actual or alleged violations of regulations related to the origination and purchase of residential mortgage loans. The origination of residential mortgage loans is governed by a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, which are frequently changing. The Company sells residential mortgage loans that it has purchased or that it originated to various parties, including Ginnie Mae and GSEs such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and other financial institutions that purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. These types of costs and losses arising from the Company s mortgage business would negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company must manage interest rate risk. 
 The majority of the Company s banking assets are monetary in nature and subject to risk from changes in interest rates. Like most financial institutions, the Company s earnings are significantly dependent on the Company s net interest income, the principal component of the Company s earnings, which is the difference between interest earned by the Company from the Company s interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest paid by the Company on the Company s interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. The Company expects that it will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of the Company s assets and liabilities, meaning that either its interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than the Company s interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to the Company s position, this gap will negatively impact the Company s earnings. The impact on earnings is more adverse when the slope of the yield curve flattens, that is, when short-term interest rates increase more than long-term interest rates or when long-term interest rates decrease more than short-term interest rates. Many factors impact interest rates, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply, and international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. 
 Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for the Company s borrowers, which increase the potential for default. At the same time, the marketability of the property securing a loan may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. Further, when the Company places a loan on nonaccrual status, the Company reverses any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. At the same time, the Company continues to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. 
 Rising interest rates in prior periods have increased interest expense, which in turn has adversely affected net interest income, and may do so in the future if the Federal Reserve raises rates. In a rising interest rate environment, competition for cost-effective deposits increases, making it more costly to fund loan growth. In addition, a rising rate environment could cause mortgage and mortgage warehouse lending volumes to substantially decline. Any rapid and unexpected volatility in interest rates creates uncertainty and potential for unexpected material adverse effects. The Company actively monitors and manages the balances of maturing and repricing assets and liabilities to reduce the adverse impact of changes in interest rates, but there can be no assurances that the Company can avoid all material adverse effects that such interest rate changes may have on the Company's net interest margin and overall financial condition. 
 The replacement of LIBOR may subject the Company to additional risk. 
 Because the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority and the administrator of LIBOR announced that it will cease publication of U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") settings by June 30, 2023, and because U.S. regulator guidance strongly encouraged banking organizations to cease using U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts by no later than December 31, 2021, the Company discontinued offering LIBOR-based products on October 31, 2021. The Company also required all LIBOR-based loans and renewals entered into on or prior to October 31, 2021 to close and fund by no later than December 31, 2021. As of November 1, 2021, the Company now negotiates loans and loan renewals that would have been tied to LIBOR using the Wall Street Journal's U.S. Prime Rate ("WSJ Prime"), which is the base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 70 of the 10 largest U.S. banks, or CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rates ("SOFR"), which are administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited and provide an indication of the forward-looking measurement of overnight SOFR, based on market expectations implied from derivatives markets. For swap transactions, the Company follows ISDA 2020 LIBOR Fallback Protocol published on October 23, 2020 and uses Fallback Rate (SOFR). 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 471.2 million of the Company's outstanding loans, and, in addition, certain derivative contracts, borrowings and other financial instruments have attributes associated with the LIBOR transition. The transition to LIBOR has resulted in and could continue to result in added costs and employee efforts and could present additional risk, including, but not limited to, litigation and reputational risks if the Company is unable to successfully renegotiate rates or if challenges are made to LIBOR fallback language within existing contracts. In addition, there continues to be uncertainty as to the ultimate effects of the LIBOR transition, including variations in the replacement benchmark rate designated and accepted by financial institutions. These variations also inject potential for greater competition with financial institutions whose LIBOR replacement rates and procedures may be more favorable or flexible than those adopted by the Company. Further, since CME Term SOFR and WSJ Prime are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing the new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR, which may lead to increased volatility as compared to LIBOR. The transition has also required changes to the Company's risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Failures to adequately manage the transition process also poses greater operational and reputational risks that could create material adverse effects on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company could experience losses on its investment securities in volatile rate environments. 
 While the Company attempts to invest a significant percentage of its assets in loans (the Company s loan to deposit ratio was 92.0 as of December 31, 2022), the Company invests a percentage of its total assets (approximately 10.4 as of December 31, 2022) in investment securities as part of its overall liquidity strategy. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s available for sale securities portfolio was approximately 1.7 billion and the amortized cost of held to maturity securities was 207.1 million. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Factors beyond the Company s control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in its portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. For example, fixed-rate securities are generally subject to decreases in market value when market interest rates rise. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults by the issuer or individual borrowers with respect to the underlying securities, and continued instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could cause an other-than-temporary impairment in future periods and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting market interest rates, the financial condition of issuers of the securities and the performance of the underlying collateral, the Company may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk 
 The Company is subject to legal and regulatory risk. 
 The Company, like all financial institutions, has been and may in the future become involved in legal and regulatory proceedings. Litigation arises in a variety of contexts, including lending and deposit operations, intellectual property claims related to the technology used in business operations, employment practices, operating activities, fiduciary responsibilities, and other general business matters. The Company considers most of these proceedings to be in the normal course of business or typical for the industry. However, it is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters. Any material legal or regulatory proceeding could impose substantial cost and cause management to divert its attention from the Company s business and operations. Any adverse determination in a legal or regulatory proceeding could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for a description of a legal proceeding which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated environment and, as a result, is subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not the Company s shareholders. These regulations affect the Company s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Any change in applicable regulations or federal or state legislation could have a substantial impact on the Company, the Bank and their respective operations. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in July 2010, instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes in light of the recent performance of and government intervention in the financial services sector. Additional legislation and regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could significantly affect the Company s powers, authority and operations, or the powers, authority and operations of the Bank in substantial and unpredictable ways. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB, with broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive, and abusive acts and practices. These rules may result in increased regulatory compliance costs and subject the Company to increased potential liabilities related to its consumer banking business and residential mortgage lending activities. 
 Regulators have significant discretion and power to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws by banks and bank holding companies in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. The exercise of this regulatory discretion and power could have a negative impact on the Company. Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could also result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 One of the Bank's primary, regulators, the FDIC focused on two areas in 2022 which included : 1) addressing financial risks posed by climate change; and 2) review of the bank merger process. Policies and regulations that may flow from the FDIC's focus on these areas could materially impact the Company's business, credit assessments, financial condition and operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The Company must devote significant resources to compliance. 
 Various federal banking laws and regulations, including rules adopted by the Federal Reserve Board pursuant to the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, impose certain heightened requirements on and greater supervision of banks and bank holding companies that maintain total consolidated assets of at least 10 billion, like the Company. The imposition of these regulatory requirements and increased supervision has and will continue to require commitment of additional financial resources to maintain regulatory compliance, which has increased the Company s non-interest expense, and has and will continue to otherwise have an impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 For example, the Company is subject to the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act regarding limits on debit card interchange fees. The Durbin Amendment gives the Federal Reserve Board the authority to establish rules regarding interchange fees charged for electronic debit transactions by a payment card issuer that, together with its affiliates, has assets of 10 billion or more and to enforce a new statutory requirement that such fees be reasonable and proportional to the actual cost of a transaction to the issuer. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted rules under this provision that limit the swipe fees that a debit card issuer can charge a merchant for a transaction to the sum of 0.21 and five basis points times the value of the transaction, plus up to one cent for fraud prevention costs. Accordingly, deposit insurance assessments and expenses related to regulatory compliance may increase, while any decrease in the amount of interchange fees that the Company receives would reduce the Company s revenue. 
 The Company is subject to continuous examination. 
 Texas and federal banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of the Company s business, including compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a Texas or federal banking agency were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of the Company s operations had become unsatisfactory, or that the Company or its management was in violation of any law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in the Company s capital, to restrict the Company s growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against the Company, the Company s officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and/or, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate the Company s deposit insurance. If the Company becomes subject to such regulatory actions, the Company could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The Company may be required to pay significantly higher FDIC deposit insurance assessments in the future. 
 Previous economic conditions and the Dodd-Frank Act caused the FDIC to increase deposit insurance assessments and may result in increased assessments in the future. On February 7, 2011, the FDIC approved a final rule that amended the Deposit Insurance Fund restoration plan and implemented certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Effective April 1, 2011, the assessment base is determined using average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity rather than the previous assessment base of adjusted domestic deposits. The final rule also provides the FDIC s board with the flexibility to adopt actual rates that are higher or lower than the total base assessment rates adopted on February 7, 2011 without notice and comment, if certain conditions are met. An increase in the assessment rates could materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The Company faces a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The federal Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, or Patriot Act, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the Treasury to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. If the Company s policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that the Company has already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, the Company would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on the Company s ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of the Company s business plan (including the Company s acquisition plans), which would negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for the Company. 
 There are substantial regulatory limitations on changes of control of bank holding companies. 
 With certain limited exceptions, federal regulations prohibit a person or company or a group of persons deemed to be acting in concert from, directly or indirectly, acquiring more than 10 (5 if the acquirer is a bank holding company) of any class of the Company s voting stock or obtaining the ability to control in any manner the election of a majority of the Company s directors or otherwise direct the management or policies of the Company without prior notice or application to and the approval of the Federal Reserve. Accordingly, prospective investors need to be aware of and comply with these requirements, if applicable, in connection with any such purchase of shares of the Company s common stock. These provisions effectively inhibit certain mergers or other business combinations, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 Liquidity and Capital Risk 
 The Company is subject to liquidity risk. 
 Liquidity is essential to the Company s business. The Company relies on its ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment and maturity schedules of the Company s loans and investment securities, respectively, to ensure that the Company has adequate liquidity to fund the Company s operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of the Company s investment securities, Federal Home Loan Bank advances, the sale of loans, and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on the Company s liquidity. The Company s most important source of funds consists of deposits. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company would lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing the Company s funding costs and reducing the Company s net interest income and net income. 
 Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations, investment maturities and sales of investment securities, and proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Company s equity and debt securities to investors. Additional liquidity is provided by the ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank. The Company also may borrow funds from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. The Company s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize the Company s activities, or on terms that are acceptable to the Company, could be impaired by factors that affect the Company directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact the Company s ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet the Company s expenses, pay dividends to the Company s shareholders, or to fulfill obligations such as repaying the Company s borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The Company must maintain adequate capital. 
 The Company faces significant capital and other regulatory requirements as a financial institution. The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide the Company with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet the Company s commitments and business needs, which could include the possibility of financing acquisitions. In addition, the Company, on a consolidated basis, and the Bank, on a stand-alone basis, must meet certain regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. The Company faces significant capital and other regulatory requirements as a financial institution. The Company s ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on the Company s financial condition and performance. In the future, the Company may not be able to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to the Company. If the Company fails to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, the Company s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 The Federal Reserve may require the Company to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 
 The Federal Reserve, which examines the C ompany and the Bank, req uires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal bank regulators to require that all companies that directly or indirectly control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength for the institution. Under these requirements, in the future, the Company could be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank if it experiences financial distress. 
 A capital injection may be required at times when the Company does not have the resources to provide it, and therefore the Company may be required to borrow the funds. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations. Thus, any borrowing that must be done by the holding company in order to make the required capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive and will adversely impact the holding company s cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Other Risks Affecting Our Business 
 Volatile market conditions and macro economic trends, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company is operating in a dynamic and challenging economic environment, including uncertain global, national and local market conditions. In particular, Texas and Colorado based financial institutions are affected by volatility in the energy markets and the potential impact of that volatility on real estate and other markets. The Company is also subject to uncertain interest rate conditions. These volatile economic conditions could adversely affect borrowers and their businesses as well as the value of collateral (particularly real estate collateral) securing loans, which could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Furthermore, the COVID-19 Pandemic has created increased market volatility and impacted the Company s business, financial condition and operations in a number of ways. While COVID-19 has not materially impacted the Company, there is no assurance regarding the future related to the continuing impact it may have on national, state, and local economies, which may result in credit and operating losses. 
 The Company operates in a competitive environment. 
 The Company conducts its operations almost exclusively in Texas and Colorado. Many of the Company s competitors offer the same, or a wider variety of, banking services within the Company s market areas. These competitors include banks with nationwide operations, regional banks and other community banks. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The Company also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including savings and loan institutions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage banks and other financial intermediaries. In addition, a number of out-of-state financial intermediaries have opened production offices, or otherwise solicit deposits, in the Company s market areas. Furthermore, many of the Company s larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvement, resulting in additional or superior product offerings not offered by the Company. 
 Also, the rise of FinTech" and popular derivations arising from the "FinTech" boom, such as cryptocurrency, have created both competitive and operational challenges. The Company s ability to successfully compete will depend on a number of factors, including its ability to maintain long-term customer relationships and customer satisfaction with the Company s products and services, the scope, relevance and pricing of the products and services the Company offers, industry and general economic trends, and the Company s ability to invest in and effectively implement new technology, procedures and methodology that promote the security of financial transactions in a digital world. If the Company's operations are unable to keep pace with customers' evolving financial needs and demands, then the Company may be unable to continue to grow its loan and deposit portfolios, or may be required to increase the rates the Company pays on deposits or lower the rates it offers on loans, which could reduce the Company s profitability. 
 The Company is reliant on deposits as a significant source of funding. 
 The Company relies on customer deposits as a significant source of funding. Competition among U.S. banks for customer deposits is intense, and may increase the cost of deposits or prevent new deposits, and may otherwise negatively affect the Company s ability to grow its deposit base. The Company s deposit accounts may decrease in the future, and any such decrease could have an adverse impact on the Company s sources of funding, which impact could be material. Any changes the Company makes to the rates offered on its deposit products to remain competitive with other financial institutions may adversely affect the Company s profitability and liquidity. The demand for the deposit products the Company offers may also be reduced due to a variety of factors, such as digital banking technology, demographic patterns, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers disposable income, regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products or the availability of competing products. In addition, a portion of the Company s deposits are brokered deposits and FDIC uninsured deposits. The levels of these types of deposits that the Company holds may be more volatile during changing economic conditions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 528.9 million, or 3.5 , of the Company s deposits consisted of brokered deposits. 
 The Company may be adversely impacted by natural disasters, health pandemics, and other local and worldwide events beyond the Company s control. 
 Natural disasters, health pandemics, severe weather events, including those prominent in Texas and Colorado and those prominent in the geographic areas of vendors and business partners, together with worldwide hostilities, such as Russia's invasion of the Ukraine, terrorist attacks, and other external events could have a significant impact on the Company s ability to conduct business. These events could also affect the stability of the Company s deposit base, borrowers ability to repay loans, impair collateral, result in a loss of revenue or an increase in expenses. Although the Company has established disaster recovery and business continuity procedures and plans, the occurrence of any such event may adversely affect the Company s business, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes and other natural disasters and severe weather events have caused, and in the future may cause, widespread property damage and significantly and negatively affect the local economies in which the Company operates. The effect of catastrophic weather events if they were to occur, could have a materially adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and business, as well as potentially increase the Company s exposure to credit losses and liquidity risks. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is subject to growing risk from changing environmental conditions. 
 The Company is subject to growing risk from changing environmental conditions. Among the risks associated with climate change are more frequent severe weather events. As discussed in the previous factors, severe weather events subject the Company to significant risks and more frequent severe weather events magnify those risks. Governmental policy actions to address climate change, such as efforts to reduce reliance on fossil fuels and green energy initiatives, could have a significant impact on the Texas and Colorado economies, in particular. While the Texas and Colorado economies are more diversified than in the past and energy companies are working to adapt to climate change initiatives, the oil and gas industry has had, and continues to have, a significant impact on the overall Texas and Colorado economies. Further, banking regulators are beginning to consider the risk presented by climate change on the financial system and may pass new regulations, such as climate related stress testing, to address this risk. The potential losses and costs associated with climate change related risks could have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 In addition, given that a significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real property, the Company has sensitivity to other environmental risks. During the ordinary course of business, the Company may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, the Company may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require the Company to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit the Company s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase the Company s exposure to environmental liability. Although the Company has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Reputational risk is heightened by emerging environmental, social and governance concerns. 
 While reputational risk has always been inherent in the financial services sector, the emergence of the concept of environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives has heightened reputational risk for many industries, and particularly for publicly traded entities, like the Company. Pressure to conform operations and practices around ESG factors could have pervasive impact on the Company's lending practices, branching strategy, product and service offerings, corporate governance, mergers and acquisition strategy, and disclosures. The lack of formalized requirements framing how entities should implement ESG and to what degree creates uncertainty that could have materially adverse effects on the Company's business, financial condition and operations. 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, the Company s earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The Company cannot predict the effects of such policies upon the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK 
 The Company s stock price can be volatile. 
 Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. The Company s stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; 
 recommendations by securities analysts; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company; 
 new reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry; 
 perceptions in the marketplace regarding the Company and/or its competitors; 
 new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 
 significant acquisitions or business combinations involving the Company or its competitors; 
 the public float and trading volumes for the Company s common stock; 
 changes in government regulations, including tax laws; and 
 volatility in economic conditions, including changes in interest rates, significant local or global events, disruption in energy markets and changes in the global economy. 
 In addition, although the Company s common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the trading volume of the Company s common stock is less than that of other, larger financial institutions. Given the lower trading volume, significant sales of Company common stock, or the expectation of such sales, could cause the stock price to fall. 
 The Company is dependent upon the Bank for cash flow, and the Bank s ability to make cash distributions is restricted. 
 The Company s primary tangible asset is the Bank. As such, the Company depends upon the Bank for cash distributions (through dividends on the Bank s stock) that the Company uses to pay the Company s operating expenses, satisfy the Company s obligations (including the Company s senior indebtedness, subordinated debentures, and junior subordinated indebtedness issued in connection with trust preferred securities), and to pay dividends on the Company s common stock. There are numerous laws and banking regulations that limit the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company. If the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the Company, the Company will not be able to satisfy the Company s obligations or pay dividends on the Company s common stock. Federal and state statutes and regulations restrict the Bank s ability to make cash distributions to the Company. These statutes and regulations require, among other things, that the Bank maintain certain levels of capital in order to pay a dividend. Further, state and federal banking authorities have the ability to restrict the payment of dividends by supervisory action. 
 The Company s dividend policy may change without notice, and the Company s future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. 
 The Company may change its dividend policy at any time without notice to the Company s shareholders. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as the Company s board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Any declaration and payment of dividends on common stock will depend upon the Company s earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, the Company s ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to the common stock and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors. Furthermore, consistent with the Company s strategic plans, growth initiatives, capital availability, projected liquidity needs, and other factors, the Company has made, and will continue to make, capital management decisions and policies that could adversely impact the amount of dividends, if any, paid to the Company s common shareholders. 
 The Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy in relation to the organization s overall asset quality, level of current and prospective earnings and level, composition and quality of capital. The guidance provides that the Company inform and consult with the Federal Reserve prior to declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in an adverse change to the Company s capital structure, including interest on senior debt, subordinated debt and the subordinated debentures underlying the Company s trust preferred securities. If required payments on the Company s outstanding senior debt, subordinated debt and junior subordinated debentures, held by its unconsolidated subsidiary trusts, are not made or are suspended, the Company would be prohibited from paying dividends on its common stock. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s largest shareholder and board of directors have historically, and currently, exert a controlling influence on the Company. 
 Collectively, as of February 17, 2023, Messrs. Vincent Viola and David Brooks owned 11.5 of the Company s outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis. Vincent Viola, the largest shareholder of the Company, currently owns 9.9 of the Company s outstanding common stock, and David Brooks, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, currently owns 1.6 of the Company s common stock, each calculated on a fully diluted basis. Further, as of the date hereof, the Company s other directors and executive officers currently own collectively approximately 1.7 of the Company s outstanding common stock. These individuals have historically, and currently, exert controlling influence in the Company s management and policies. 
 In addition, Michael Viola, a director of the Company, is the son of Vincent Viola. Further, David Brooks, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has a 36 year history of ownership and operation of the Bank with Vincent Viola; and he has a joint investment with Mr. Viola outside of the Company. Given these close relationships, even though he does not serve on the Company s board, Mr. Viola has and will continue to have an influence over the direction and operation of the Company. 
 The Company s corporate organizational documents and the provisions of Texas law make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition of the Company that you may favor. 
 The Company s certificate of formation and bylaws contain various provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of the Company. These provisions include the following: 
 staggered terms for directors; 
 a provision that directors cannot be removed except for cause; 
 a provision that any special meeting of the Company s shareholders may be called only by a majority of the Company s board of directors, the Chairman or a holder or group of holders of at least 20 of the Company s shares entitled to vote at such special meeting; and 
 a provision establishing certain advance notice procedures for nomination of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered only at an annual or special meeting of shareholders. 
 The Company s certificate of formation provides for noncumulative voting for directors and authorizes the board of directors to issue shares of its preferred stock without shareholder approval and upon such terms as the board of directors may determine. The issuance of the Company s preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a controlling interest in the Company . In addition, certain provisions of Texas law, including a requirement that two-thirds of the shares outstanding must approve major corporate actions, such as an amendment to the Company s certificate of formation or the approval of a merger, and a provision which restricts certain business combinations between a Texas corporation and certain affiliated shareholders, may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of the Company. Also, the Company s certificate of formation prohibits shareholder action by written consent. 
 Other debt and equity instruments have priority over the Company s common stock. 
 In the event of any winding up and termination of the Company, the Company common stock would rank below all claims of the holders of the Company s debt and any preferred stock then outstanding. The Company has a senior, revolving credit facility under which the Company may borrow up to 100 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no draws upon this credit facility and has no borrowings as of February 21, 2023. Further, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding 
 270 million of aggregate principal amount of subordinated indebtedness; and 
 57.3 million of subordinated debentures issued in connection with trust preferred securities 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Upon the winding up and termination of the Company, holders of the Company s common stock will not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets until after all of the Company s obligations to the Company s debt holders have been satisfied and holders of the Company s senior debt, subordinated debt, and junior subordinated debentures issued in connection with trust preferred securities have received any payments and other distributions due to them. In addition, the Company is required to pay interest on the Company s senior debt, subordinated debt and subordinated debentures and junior subordinated debentures issued in connection with the Company s trust preferred securities before the Company pays any dividends on the Company s common stock. Furthermore, the Company s board of directors may also, in its sole discretion, designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock from the Company s authorized and unissued preferred stock, which may have preferences with respect to common stock in dissolution, dividends, liquidation or otherwise. 
 An investment in the Company s common stock is not an insured deposit . 
 An investment in the Company s common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss or guaranteed by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. An investment in the Company s common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this report and shareholders who acquire the Company s common stock could lose some or all of their investment. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company owns its corporate headquarters, located at 7777 Henneman Way, McKinney, Texas 75070, which serves as the Bank s home office. The headquarters campus consists of an approximately 165,000 square foot, six story corporate office building along with the second phase of the corporate headquarters, which includes an approximately 198,000 square foot, six story facility that serves as the Company's operation center. Construction on phase two was completed in 2022 resulting in a state-of-the-art combined corporate campus that will support the Company s continued growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 93 full-service branches. The Company believes that its facilities are in good condition and are adequate to meet the Company s operating needs for the foreseeable future. At December 31, 2022, the Company owns 72 of the branches, and leases the remaining facilities. Our branches are located in the Dallas/North Texas area, including McKinney, Dallas, Fort Worth, and Sherman/Denison, the Austin/Central Texas area, including Austin and Waco, the Houston Texas metropolitan area and along the Colorado Front Range area, including Denver, Colorado Springs and Fort Collins. 
 For more information about premises and equipment and lease commitments, see Note 6. Premises and Equipment, Net , and Note 12. Leases , respectively, to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and the Bank are named as defendants in various lawsuits. Management of the Company and the Bank, following consultation with legal counsel, do not expect the ultimate disposition of any, or a combination, of these matters to have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company or the Bank. A legal proceeding that the Company believes could become material is described below. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank is a party to a legal proceeding inherited in connection with the Company's acquisition of BOH Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary, Bank of Houston, or BOH, that was completed on April 15, 2014. Several entities related to R.A. Stanford, or the Stanford Entities, including Stanford International Bank, Ltd., or SIBL, had deposit accounts at BOH. Certain individuals who had purchased certificates of deposit from SIBL filed a class action lawsuit against several banks, including BOH, on August 23, 2009 in Texas state court, alleging, among other things, that the plaintiffs were victims of fraud by SIBL and other Stanford Entities and seeks to recover damages and alleged fraudulent transfers by the defendant banks. 
 The plaintiffs seek recovery from the Bank and other defendants for their losses. On May 1, 2015, the plaintiffs filed a motion requesting permission to file a Second Amended Class Action Complaint in this case, which motion was subsequently granted. The Second Amended Class Action Complaint presents previously unasserted claims, including aiding and abetting or participation in a fraudulent scheme based upon the large amount of deposits that the Stanford Entities held at BOH and the alleged knowledge of certain BOH officers. The case was then inactive due to a Court-ordered discovery stay issued March 2, 2015 pending the Court s ruling on plaintiff s motion for class certificate and designation of class representatives and counsel. On November 7, 2017, the Court issued an order denying the plaintiff s motion. In addition, the Court lifted the previously ordered discovery stay. On January 11, 2018, the Court entered a scheduling order providing that the case be ready for trial on January 27, 2020. Due to agreed upon extensions of discovery on July 25, 2019, the Court amended the scheduling order to provide that the case be ready for trial on January 11, 2021. In light of additional agreed upon extensions of discovery deadlines, the Court entered a new scheduling order on March 9, 2020, which provided that the case be ready for trial March 15, 2021. In light of delays in discovery associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, the parties agreed to amend the scheduling order with new ready for trial date of May 6, 2021. The Defendants filed a motion to remand the case. The Bank also filed its motion for summary judgment on February 12, 2021. On the same day, the Bank also joined in on an omnibus motion for summary judgment based on procedural issues common to all Defendants. On March 19, 2021, the Plaintiffs filed a notice of abandonment of five of the seven causes of action against the Bank. On March 11, 2021, the Defendants filed a motion to amend the scheduling order, which was granted, effectively vacating the May 6, 2021 trial date. On January 20, 2022 the Court issued an opinion and order denying the motion for summary judgment by the Bank and the other defendants. On the same date, the Court issued a suggestion of remand of the case to the Southern District of Texas. As of March 11, 2022, the case has been officially remanded to the Southern District of Texas. On January 2-3, 2023, the Bank attended court-ordered mediation which did not result in resolution. A trial date has been set for February 27, 2023. The Company has experienced an increase in legal fees associated with the defense of this claim and expects to continue to incur significant legal fees in connection with this matter for the foreseeable future. 
 The Bank notified its insurance carriers of the claims made in the Second Amended Complaint. The insurance carriers have initially indicated that the claims are not covered by the policies or that a loss has not yet occurred. The Bank pursued insurance coverage as well as reimbursement of defense costs through the initiation of litigation and other means. On November 6, 2018, the Company settled claims under its Financial Institutions Select Policy pursuant to which the Company received payment of an amount which is not material to the operations of the Company. The Company did not settle any claims under its Financial Institution Bond Policy. 
 The Bank believes that the claims are without merit and is vigorously defending the lawsuit. This is complex litigation involving a number of procedural matters and issues. As such, we are unable to predict when this matter may be resolved and, given the uncertainty of litigation, the ultimate outcome of, or the range of potential costs or damages arising from, this case. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Common Stock 
 Since January 2, 2014, the Company's common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol IBTX. Quotations of the sales volume and the closing sales prices of the common stock of the Company are listed daily in the Nasdaq Global Select Market s listings. As of February 17, 2023, there were 440 holders of record for the Company's common stock. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding the Company s equity compensation plans under which the Company s equity securities are authorized for issuance: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders N/A 1,459,078 (1) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A 
 ____________ 
 (1) Constitutes shares of the Company s common stock issuable under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. See Note 19. Stock Awards for more information on types of allowable awards under the Plan. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Stock Repurchase Program: From time to time, the Company's board of directors has authorized stock repurchase programs which allows the Company to purchase its common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. In general, the share repurchase program allows the Company to proactively manage its capital position and return excess capital to shareholders. In December 2021, the Company's Board authorized the 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan, which provided for the repurchase of up to 160.0 million of common stock through December 31, 2022. Under this program, the Company repurchased 1,651,236 shares at a total cost of 116.0 million through December 31, 2022. Under a prior stock repurchase program, the Company repurchased 419,098 shares of Company stock at a total cost of 29.2 million during 2021 and 109,548 shares of Company stock at a total cost of 5.7 million during 2020. 
 In January 2023, the Company's Board approved the 2023 Stock Repurchase Plan, which provides for the repurchase of common stock up to 125.0 million through December 31, 2023. Through February 17, 2023, no shares have been repurchased under the 2023 Plan. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the Corporation's repurchase activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Repurchase Plan Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (thousands) Total first quarter 2022 37,575 74.20 11,444 159,187 Total second quarter 2022 1,642,136 70.20 1,639,792 44,083 Total third quarter 2022 15,311 68.62 44,083 October 2022 5,585 61.44 44,083 November 2022 3,015 64.54 44,083 December 2022 702 63.99 Total fourth quarter 2022 9,302 62.64 Total 2022 year-to-date 1,704,324 70.23 1,651,236 ____________ 
 (1) Includes 53,088 shares purchased to settle employee tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock awards. These transactions are not considered part of the Corporation's repurchase program. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s common stock for the period December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index for the same period. Dividend reinvestment has been assumed. The Performance Graph assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017, in the Company s common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and KBW Nasdaq Bank Index. The historical stock price performance for the Company s common stock shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return 
 Among Independent Bank Group, Inc., the Russell 2000 Index and the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index 
 
 December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Independent Bank Group, Inc. 100.00 68.26 84.21 97.36 114.42 97.37 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 KBW Nasdaq Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 
 (Source: S P Capital IQ) 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors in Part I. Item 1A , and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected results discussed in the forward-looking statements appearing in this discussion and analysis. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, our other filings with the SEC, and other press releases, documents, reports and announcements that we make, issue or publish may contain statements that we believe are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other related federal security laws. These forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, including our future revenues, income, expenses, provision for taxes, effective tax rate, earnings per share and cash flows, our future capital expenditures and dividends, our future financial condition and changes therein, including changes in our loan portfolio and allowance for credit losses, our future capital structure or changes therein, the plan and objectives of management for future operations, our future or proposed acquisitions, the future or expected effect of acquisitions on our operations, results of operations and financial condition, our future economic performance and the statements of the assumptions underlying any such statement. Such statements are typically, but not exclusively, identified by the use in the statements of words or phrases such as aim, anticipate, estimate, expect, goal, guidance, intend, is anticipated, is estimated, is expected, is intended, objective, plan, projected, projection, will affect, will be, will continue, will decrease, will grow, will impact, will increase, will incur, will reduce, will remain, will result, would be, variations of such words or phrases (including where the word could, may or would is used rather than the word will in a phrase) and similar words and phrases indicating that the statement addresses some future result, occurrence, plan or objective. The forward-looking statements that we make are based on the Company s current expectations and assumptions regarding its business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to future results and occurrences, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. The Company s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance and could cause those results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. These possible events or factors include, but are not limited to: 
 our ability to sustain our current internal growth rate and total growth rate; 
 changes in geopolitical, business and economic events, occurrences and conditions, including changes in rates of inflation or deflation, nationally, regionally and in our target markets, particularly in Texas and Colorado; 
 worsening business and economic conditions nationally, regionally and in our target markets, particularly in Texas and Colorado, and the geographic areas in those states in which we operate; 
 our dependence on our management team and our ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel; 
 the concentration of our business within our geographic areas of operation in Texas and Colorado; 
 changes in asset quality, including increases in default rates on loans and higher levels of nonperforming loans and loan charge-offs generally; 
 concentration of the loan portfolio of the Bank, before and after the completion of acquisitions of financial institutions, in commercial and residential real estate loans and changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of commercial and residential real estate; 
 the ability of the Bank to make loans with acceptable net interest margins and levels of risk of repayment and to otherwise invest in assets at acceptable yields and that present acceptable investment risks; 
 inaccuracy of the assumptions and estimates that the managements of our Company and the financial institutions that we acquire make in establishing reserves for credit losses and other estimates generally; 
 lack of liquidity, including as a result of a reduction in the amount of sources of liquidity we currently have; 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 material increases or decreases in the amount of deposits held by the Bank or other financial institutions that we acquire and the cost of those deposits; 
 our access to the debt and equity markets and the overall cost of funding our operations; 
 regulatory requirements to maintain minimum capital levels or maintenance of capital at levels sufficient to support our anticipated growth; 
 changes in market interest rates that affect the pricing of the loans and deposits of each of the Bank and the financial institutions that we acquire and that affect the net interest income, other future cash flows, or the market value of the assets of each of the Bank and the financial institutions that we acquire, including investment securities; 
 fluctuations in the market value and liquidity of the securities we hold for sale, including as a result of changes in market interest rates; 
 effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment and insurance services; 
 the effects of infectious disease outbreaks, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the significant impact that the COVID-19 pandemic and associated efforts to limit its spread have had and may continue to have on economic conditions and the Company's business, employees, customers, asset quality and financial performance; 
 changes in economic and market conditions that affect the amount and value of the assets of the Bank and of financial institutions that we acquire; 
 the institution and outcome of, and costs associated with, litigation and other legal proceedings against one or more of the Company, the Bank and financial institutions that we acquire or to which any of such entities is subject; 
 the occurrence of market conditions adversely affecting the financial industry generally; 
 the impact of recent and future legislative regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities, and tax laws and regulations and their application by the Company s regulators, and changes in federal government policies, as well as regulatory requirements applicable to, and resulting from regulatory supervision of, the Company and the Bank as a financial institution with total assets greater than 10 billion; 
 changes in accounting policies, practices, principles and guidelines, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as the case may be; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies; 
 changes in the scope and cost of FDIC insurance and other coverage; 
 the effects of war or other conflicts, including, but not limited to, the current conflict between Russia and the Ukraine, acts of terrorism (including cyber attacks) or other catastrophic events, including natural disasters such as storms, droughts, tornadoes, hurricanes and flooding, that may affect general economic conditions; 
 our actual cost savings resulting from previous or future acquisitions are less than expected, we are unable to realize those cost savings as soon as expected, or we incur additional or unexpected costs; 
 our revenues after previous or future acquisitions are less than expected; 
 the liquidity of, and changes in the amounts and sources of liquidity available to us, before and after the acquisition of any financial institutions that we acquire; 
 deposit attrition, operating costs, customer loss and business disruption before and after our completed acquisitions, including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, may be greater than we expected; 
 the effects of the combination of the operations of financial institutions that we have acquired in the recent past or may acquire in the future with our operations and the operations of the Bank, the effects of the integration of such operations being unsuccessful, and the effects of such integration being more difficult, time consuming, or costly than expected or not yielding the cost savings we expect; 
 the impact of investments that the Company may have made or may make and the changes in the value of those investments; 
 the quality of the assets of financial institutions and companies that we have acquired in the recent past or may acquire in the future being different than we determined or determine in our due diligence investigation in connection with the acquisition of such financial institutions and any inadequacy of credit loss reserves relating to, and exposure to unrecoverable losses on, loans acquired; 
 our ability to continue to identify acquisition targets and successfully acquire desirable financial institutions to sustain our growth, to expand our presence in our markets and to enter new markets; 
 changes in general business and economic conditions in the markets in which we currently operate and may operate in the future; 
 changes occur in business conditions and inflation generally; 
 an increase in the rate of personal or commercial customers bankruptcies generally; 
 technology-related changes are harder to make or are more expensive than expected; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 physical or cyber attacks on the security of, and breaches of, the Company's digital information systems, the costs we or the Bank incur to provide security against such attacks and any costs and liability the Company or the Bank incurs in connection with any breach of those systems; 
 the potential impact of technology and FinTech entities on the banking industry generally; 
 the potential impact of climate change and related government regulation on the Company and its customers; 
 other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, technological and geopolitical factors affecting the Company s operations, pricing and services; and 
 the other factors that are described or referenced in Part I, Item 1A , of the Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Risk Factors". 
 We urge you to consider all of these risks, uncertainties and other factors carefully in evaluating all such forward-looking statements made by us. As a result of these and other matters, including changes in facts and assumptions not being realized or other factors, the actual results relating to the subject matter of any forward-looking statement may differ materially from the anticipated results expressed or implied in that forward-looking statement. Any forward-looking statement made in this 10-K or made by us in any report, filing, document, or information incorporated by reference in this 10-K speaks only as of the date on which it is made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 A forward looking-statement may include a statement of the assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement. The Company believes that these assumptions or bases have been chosen in good faith and that they are reasonable. However, the Company cautions you that assumptions as to future occurrences or results almost always vary from actual future occurrences or results, and the differences between assumptions and actual occurrences and results can be material. Therefore, the Company cautions you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this 10-K or incorporated by reference herein. 

Overview 
 The Company was organized as a bank holding company in 2002 and, since that time, has pursued a strategy to create long-term shareholder value through organic growth of our community banking franchise in our market areas and through selective acquisitions of complementary banking institutions with operations in the Company s market areas or in new market areas. On April 8, 2013, the Company consummated the initial public offering, or IPO, of its common stock which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 The Company s principal business is lending to and accepting deposits from businesses, professionals and individuals. The Company conducts all of the Company s banking operations through its principal bank subsidiary. The Company derives its income principally from interest earned on loans and, to a lesser extent, income from securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. The Company also derives income from non-interest sources, such as fees received in connection with various deposit services, mortgage banking operations and investment advisory services. From time to time, the Company also realizes gains or losses on the sale of assets. The Company s principal expenses include interest expense on interest-bearing customer deposits, advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas (FHLB) and other borrowings, operating expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy costs, communication and technology costs, expenses associated with other real estate owned, other administrative expenses, amortization of intangibles, acquisition expenses, provisions for credit losses and the Company s assessment for FDIC deposit insurance. 
 The Company intends for this discussion and analysis to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding the Company s financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. This discussion relates to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the accompanying notes, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s fiscal year ends on December 31. The following discussion and analysis presents the more significant factors that affected our financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and results of operations for each of the years then ended. Refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 for discussion of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations 
 Selected income statement data and key performance metrics are summarized in the table below: 
 As of and for the Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Selected Income Statement Data Net interest income 558,208 520,322 516,446 Provision for credit losses 4,490 (9,000) 42,993 Noninterest income 51,466 66,517 85,063 Noninterest expense 358,889 313,606 306,134 Income tax expense 50,004 57,483 51,173 Net income available to common shareholders 196,291 224,750 201,209 Per Share Data (Common Stock) Earnings per common share: Basic 4.71 5.22 4.67 Diluted 4.70 5.21 4.67 Dividends 1.52 1.32 1.05 Selected Performance Metrics Return on average assets 
 1.09 1.21 1.23 Return on average equity 8.04 8.86 8.26 Net interest margin 
 3.46 3.10 3.55 Efficiency ratio 56.82 51.30 48.79 Dividend payout ratio 
 32.27 25.29 22.48 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s results of operations compares its results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company s net income available to common shareholders decreased by 28.5 million, or 12.7 , to 196.3 million 4.70 per common share on a diluted basis) for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 224.8 million 5.21 per common share on a diluted basis) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income for 2022 over 2021 was primarily due to the 45.3 million increase in noninterest expense as well as the 15.1 million decrease in noninterest income, offset by a 24.4 million increase in net interest income after provision for loan losses and a decrease of 7.5 million in income tax expense . Net interest income after provision from loan losses was higher in the current year mainly due to the year-over-year loan growth as well as increased rates on interest earning assets due to Fed Funds rate increases offset by increased funding costs on deposit accounts in addition to lower acquired loan accretion and PPP income for the year over year period. The Company posted returns on average common equity of 8.04 and 8.86 , returns on average assets of 1.09 and 1.21 , and efficiency ratios of 56.82 and 51.30 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing total noninterest expense (which does not include the provision for credit losses and the amortization of core deposits intangibles) by net interest income plus noninterest income. The Company s dividend payout ratio was 32.27 and 25.29 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to both the increase in dividends paid from 1.32 per share in 2021 to 1.52 per share in 2022 and also the decrease in basic earnings per share from 5.22 per share in 2021 to 4.71 per share in 2022 
 Details of the changes in the various components of net income are detailed below. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income 
 The Company s net interest income is its interest income, net of interest expenses. Changes in the balances of the Company s interest-earning assets and its interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in the market interest rates, affect the Company s net interest income. The difference between the Company s average yield on earning assets and its average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is its net interest spread. Noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and stockholders equity, also support the Company s earning assets. The impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds is reflected in the Company s net interest margin, which is calculated as annualized net interest income divided by average earning assets. 
 The Company earned net interest income of 558.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 37.9 million, or 7.3 , from 520.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased average loan balances of 647.0 million and securities of 484.1 million as well as increased rates on interest earning assets due to Fed Fund rate increases offset by higher funding costs and lower acquired loan accretion and PPP income. The year ended December 31, 2022 includes 9.1 million of acquired loan accretion compared to 21.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. PPP income also decreased to 2.4 million in 2022 compared to 17.9 million in 2021. The Company s net interest margin for 2022 increased to 3.46 from 3.10 in 2021, and the Company s interest rate spread for 2022 increased to 3.13 from the 2.92 interest rate spread for 2021. The average balance of interest-earning assets for 2022 decreased by 641.3 million, or 3.8 , to 16.1 billion from an average balance of 16.8 billion for 2021. The decrease from the prior year was primarily related to decreased average interest-bearing deposits with correspondent banks, which decreased approximately 1.8 billion, offset by the increases in average loans and securities balances mentioned above. Average interest-bearing liabilities decreased 806.8 million, or 7.2 primarily due to decreased average deposits and FHLB advances. The Company s net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was positively impacted by a 58 basis point increase in the weighted-average yield on interest-earning assets to 4.06 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 3.48 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase from the prior year is due primarily to overall higher yields on all interest-earning assets due to the increasing rate environment as well as higher earnings on loans due to organic growth for the year over year period, offset by increased funding costs on deposit products and lower acquired loan accretion and PPP income. The change also reflects a shift in the asset mix during the year to higher yielding assets due to loan growth from lower yielding interest bearing deposit balances. The cost of interest bearing liabilities, including borrowings, was 0.93 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.56 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase from the prior year is primarily due to higher funding costs on deposit products and FHLB advances due to rate increases during 2022. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balance Sheet Amounts, Interest Earned and Yield Analysis. The following table presents average balance sheet information, interest income, interest expense and the corresponding average yields earned and rates paid for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The average balances are principally daily averages and, for loans, include both performing and nonperforming balances. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average Outstanding Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Outstanding Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Outstanding Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) 
 13,148,633 602,210 4.58 12,501,641 547,931 4.38 12,329,965 579,085 4.70 Taxable securities 1,617,454 32,944 2.04 1,204,153 22,754 1.89 749,273 19,150 2.56 Nontaxable securities 429,057 10,360 2.41 358,261 8,344 2.33 344,609 8,472 2.46 Interest bearing deposits and other 921,391 9,503 1.03 2,693,812 4,533 0.17 1,141,164 4,799 0.42 Total interest-earning assets 16,116,535 655,017 4.06 16,757,867 583,562 3.48 14,565,011 611,506 4.20 Noninterest-earning assets 1,892,555 1,800,301 1,792,725 Total assets 18,009,090 18,558,168 16,357,736 Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking accounts 6,002,530 45,405 0.76 5,967,655 22,615 0.38 4,577,137 28,244 0.62 Savings accounts 787,937 387 0.05 711,401 1,034 0.15 607,996 1,067 0.18 Money market accounts 2,130,908 21,562 1.01 2,584,386 13,580 0.53 2,368,980 21,089 0.89 Certificates of deposit 1,027,561 10,274 1.00 1,269,736 6,970 0.55 1,645,014 25,866 1.57 Total deposits 9,948,936 77,628 0.78 10,533,178 44,199 0.42 9,199,127 76,266 0.83 FHLB advances 150,890 2,017 1.34 362,192 2,038 0.56 613,251 4,170 0.68 Other borrowings - short-term 15,918 593 3.73 6,278 118 1.88 8,862 161 1.82 Other borrowings - long-term 266,746 13,858 5.20 287,860 15,129 5.26 215,627 12,301 5.70 Junior subordinated debentures 54,328 2,713 4.99 54,130 1,756 3.24 53,931 2,162 4.01 Total interest-bearing liabilities 10,436,818 96,809 0.93 11,243,638 63,240 0.56 10,090,798 95,060 0.94 Noninterest-bearing checking accounts 5,018,631 4,675,667 3,736,230 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 111,326 102,205 95,234 Stockholders equity 2,442,315 2,536,658 2,435,474 Total liabilities and equity 18,009,090 18,558,168 16,357,736 Net interest income 558,208 520,322 516,446 Interest rate spread 3.13 2.92 3.26 Net interest margin (2) 
 3.46 3.10 3.55 Net interest income and margin (tax equivalent basis) (3) 
 562,633 3.49 524,260 3.13 520,274 3.57 Average interest earning assets to interest bearing liabilities 154.42 149.04 144.34 
 ____________ 
 (1) Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans. 
 (2) Net interest margins for the periods presented represent: (i) the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets and the interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, divided by (ii) average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 (3) A tax-equivalent adjustment has been computed using a federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rates and Operating Interest Differential. Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. The following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on the Company s interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on the Company s interest-bearing liabilities. The effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous year s average rate. Similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average rate by the prior year s volume. For purpose of the following table, changes attributable to both volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of change in each. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 v. 2021 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 v. 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to Total Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Due to Total Increase (Decrease) (dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Volume Rate Interest-earning assets Loans 28,836 25,443 54,279 8,109 (39,263) (31,154) Taxable securities 8,276 1,914 10,190 9,534 (5,930) 3,604 Nontaxable securities 1,717 299 2,016 329 (457) (128) Interest bearing deposits and other (4,760) 9,730 4,970 3,784 (4,050) (266) Total interest-earning assets 34,069 37,386 71,455 21,756 (49,700) (27,944) Interest-bearing liabilities Checking accounts 133 22,657 22,790 7,185 (12,814) (5,629) Savings accounts 108 (755) (647) 167 (200) (33) Money market accounts (2,731) 10,713 7,982 1,752 (9,261) (7,509) Certificates of deposit (1,536) 4,840 3,304 (4,911) (13,985) (18,896) Total deposits (4,026) 37,455 33,429 4,193 (36,260) (32,067) FHLB advances (1,674) 1,653 (21) (1,490) (642) (2,132) Other borrowings - short-term 289 186 475 (48) 5 (43) Other borrowings - long-term (1,100) (171) (1,271) 3,841 (1,013) 2,828 Junior subordinated debentures 6 951 957 8 (414) (406) Total interest-bearing liabilities (6,505) 40,074 33,569 6,504 (38,324) (31,820) Net interest income 40,574 (2,688) 37,886 15,252 (11,376) 3,876 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost. Provision for credit losses is determined by management as the amount to be added to the allowance for credit loss accounts for various types of financial instruments including loans, held to maturity debt securities and off-balance sheet credit exposure, after net charge-offs have been deducted, to bring the allowance to a level deemed appropriate by management to absorb expected credit losses over the lives of the respective financial instruments. Management actively monitors the Company s asset quality and provides appropriate provisions based on such factors as historical loss experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 Financial instruments are charged-off against the allowance for credit losses when appropriate. Although management believes it uses the best information available to make determinations with respect to the provision for credit losses, future adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions differ from the assumptions used in making the determination. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the components of provision for credit losses: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Provision for credit losses related to: Loans 5,268 (12,609) 42,993 Held to maturity securities Off-balance sheet credit exposures (778) 3,609 Total provision for credit losses 4,490 (9,000) 42,993 
 The Company recorded a provision for credit losses on loans totaling 5.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. This is an increase of 17.9 million, or 141.8 compared to the 12.6 million negative provision for credit losses on loans recorded in 2021. Provision expense for loans is generally reflective of organic loan growth as well as charge-offs or specific credit allocations taken during the respective period. Provision expense is also impacted by the economic outlook and changes in macroeconomic variables. The provision recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to loan growth during the year, while the prior year provision was negative primarily related to changes in the economic outlook specifically related to the COVID pandemic. 
 As discussed in Note 4. Securities , the Company reclassified a portion of its available for sale state and municipal portfolio to held to maturity during first quarter 2022 to limit future volatility due to expected increases in interest rates. The majority of securities in the held to maturity portfolio are guaranteed or insured. Therefore, there was no provision for credit losses on held to maturity securities recorded during 2022. 
 The Company recorded 778 thousand in negative provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.6 million provision expense for the same period in 2021. Changes in the allowance for unfunded commitments are generally driven by the remaining unfunded amount and the expected utilization rate of a given loan segment. The decrease from prior period is due to lower expected remaining utilization on the single family construction and commercial loan portfolios. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income 
 The following table sets forth the major components of noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the period-over-period variations in such categories of noninterest income: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Variance Variance (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 v. 2021 2021 v. 2020 Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts 12,204 9,842 9,303 2,362 24.0 539 5.8 Investment management fees 9,146 8,586 7,546 560 6.5 1,040 13.8 Mortgage banking revenue 8,938 23,157 36,491 (14,219) (61.4) (13,334) (36.5) Mortgage warehouse purchase program fees 2,676 6,908 6,088 (4,232) (61.3) 820 13.5 (Loss) gain on sale of loans (1,844) 56 356 (1,900) N/M (300) N/M Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate 63 (36) (63) N/M 99 N/M Gain on sale of securities available for sale 13 382 (13) N/M (369) N/M (Loss) gain on sale and disposal of premises and equipment (494) (304) 370 (190) N/M (674) N/M Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI 5,371 5,209 5,347 162 3.1 (138) (2.6) Other 15,469 12,987 19,216 2,482 19.1 (6,229) (32.4) Total noninterest income 51,466 66,517 85,063 (15,051) (22.6) (18,546) (21.8) 
 ____________ 
 N/M - Not meaningful 
 Noninterest income decreased 15.1 million, or 22.6 , to 51.5 million for the year ended 2022 from 66.5 million for the year ended 2021. Significant changes in the components of noninterest income are discussed below. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts. Service charges on deposit accounts increased 2.4 million, or 24.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The increase is primarily due to higher account analysis charges of 1.6 million due to growth in our commercial treasury products and also reflects higher overdraft charges that have returned to normalized levels after the pandemic. 
 Mortgage banking revenue. Mortgage banking revenue decreased 14.2 million, or 61.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is reflective of decreased demand and lower volumes, as well as narrower margins resulting from rate increases during 2022. Offsetting the decrease in mortgage banking revenue was a fair value gain on derivative hedging instruments of 1.9 million compared to a loss of 2.4 million during 2021. 
 Mortgage warehouse purchase program fees. Mortgage warehouse purchase program fees decreased 4.2 million, or 61.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is reflective of decreased demand and lower volumes, as well as narrower margins resulting from rate increases over the year. 
 (Loss) gain on sale of loans. The Company recognized 1.8 million loss on sale of loans during 2022, primarily due to a 1.5 million loss on the sale of a commercial real estate loan, which was sold at a discount. 
 Other noninterest income. Other noninterest income increased 2.5 million, or 19.1 or the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was mainly due to a 794 thousand increase in earnings credits on our interest-bearing deposits held in correspondent banks, a 784 thousand excess benefit claim on a BOLI policy and increases in other miscellaneous income streams. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table sets forth the major components of the Company s noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the period-over-period variations in such categories of noninterest expense: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Variance Variance (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 v. 2021 2021 v. 2020 Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 212,087 180,336 157,540 31,751 17.6 22,796 14.5 Occupancy 42,938 40,688 39,210 2,250 5.5 1,478 3.8 Communications and technology 24,937 22,355 23,113 2,582 11.5 (758) (3.3) FDIC assessment 6,883 5,865 6,912 1,018 17.4 (1,047) (15.1) Advertising and public relations 2,106 1,097 2,416 1,009 92.0 (1,319) (54.6) Other real estate owned expenses, net 31 4 487 27 N/M (483) (99.2) Impairment of other real estate 784 (784) (100.0) Amortization of other intangible assets 12,491 12,580 12,671 (89) (0.7) (91) (0.7) Professional fees 15,571 15,530 12,630 41 0.3 2,900 23.0 Acquisition expense, including legal 16,225 (16,225) (100.0) Other 41,845 35,151 34,146 6,694 19.0 1,005 2.9 Total noninterest expense 358,889 313,606 306,134 45,283 14.4 7,472 2.4 
 ____________ 
 N/M - not meaningful 
 Noninterest expense increased 45.3 million, or 14.4 , to 358.9 million for the year ended 2022 from 313.6 million for the year ended 2021. Significant changes in the components of noninterest expense are discussed below. 
 Salaries and employee benefits. Salaries and employee benefits expense, which historically has been the largest component of the Company s noninterest expense, increased 31.8 million, or 17.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The change is primarily due to 22.2 million in higher salaries, bonus, payroll taxes, insurance expense and 401(k) match related to additional headcount, including executive and senior positions added during 2022 and the latter part of 2021. Additionally, severance and accelerated stock vesting expenses were higher in 2022, primarily due to 7.1 million in expenses related to a targeted reduction-in-force related to departmental and business line restructurings in fourth quarter, as well as 3.9 million recognized due to the separation of two executive officers during the year. Furthermore, deferred salaries expense, which also reduces salaries expense, was 5.1 million lower in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a higher volume of loan originations related to the second round of PPP that occurred in early 2021. Offsetting these changes was a 5.4 million reduction in mortgage commissions and incentives due to lower volumes for the year. In addition, the Company recognized a 1.0 million economic development incentive grant related to job growth, which was recorded as a reduction to salaries expense in 2022. 
 Occupancy. Occupancy expenses increased 2.3 million, or 5.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher depreciation and property tax expense due to the opening of the second phase of the Company's headquarters campus in second quarter 2022. 
 Communications and technology. Communications and technology expense increased 2.6 million, or 11.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. Communications and technology expenses were higher in the current year primarily due to 2.8 million higher data processing costs and software expenses related to various technology improvements and infrastructure projects. 
 Advertising and public relations. Advertising and public relations expense increased 1.0 million, or 92.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased sponsorships and events, which have normalized in 2022 compared to 2021, due to diminished pandemic-related concerns. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Other. Other noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 6.7 million, or 19.0 , compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in other noninterest expense is primarily due to asset impairment charges of 4.3 million during 2022 including an early lease termination for the former corporate operations facility, the write-off of capitalized software costs related a terminated infrastructure initiative project, and the write-off related to a correspondent bank relationship terminated during the year. Additionally, 2022 also reflects increases in employee recruitment fees, insurance expense, business development and other miscellaneous expenses. 

Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 50.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is an effective tax rate of 20.3 . Income tax expense was 57.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is an effective tax rate of 20.4 . 

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
 The following discussion and analysis summarizes the financial condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and details certain changes between those periods. 
 Assets 
 The Company's total assets decreased by 474.2 million, or 2.5 , to 18.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 18.7 billion at December 31, 2021. The significant components of the total change are discussed below. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 The Company s loan portfolio is the largest category of the Company s earning assets. The following table presents the gross balance and associated percentage of each major category in the Company s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Commercial (1) 
 2,240,959 16.1 1,983,886 15.9 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans 312,099 2.2 788,848 6.3 Real estate: Commercial 7,817,447 56.2 6,617,455 53.1 Commercial construction, land and land development 1,231,071 8.8 1,180,181 9.5 Residential (2) 
 1,604,169 11.5 1,332,246 10.7 Single-family interim construction 508,839 3.7 380,627 3.0 Agricultural 124,422 0.9 106,512 0.8 Consumer 81,667 0.6 81,815 0.7 Total gross loans 
 13,920,673 100.0 12,471,570 100.0 
 ____________ 
 (1) Includes SBA PPP loans of 5.0 million and 112.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes loans held for sale of 11.3 million and 32.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's loan portfolio, before the allowance for credit losses, totaled 13.9 billion, which is an increase 1.4 billion or 11.6 over total gross loans as of December 31, 2021. Loans held for investment, excluding mortgage warehouse purchase loans, loans held for sale and PPP loans and net of loan sales increased 2.1 billion, or 18.1 for the year over year period. See Note 5. Loans, Net and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans for more details on the Company's loan portfolio. The principal categories and changes in the loan portfolio are discussed below. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial loans. The Company provides a mix of variable and fixed rate commercial loans. The loans are typically made to small-and medium-sized manufacturing, wholesale, retail, energy related service businesses and medical practices for working capital needs and business expansions. Commercial loans generally include lines of credit and loans with maturities of five years or less. The loans are generally made with operating cash flows as the primary source of repayment, but may also include collateralization by inventory, accounts receivable, equipment and/or personal guarantees. Additionally, our commercial loan portfolio includes PPP loans originated under the CARES Act and shared national credits (SNC). 
 The Company s commercial loan portfolio increased 257.1 million, or 13.0 , to 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2022, from 2.0 billion as of December 31, 2021. The net increase in this portfolio type is primarily due to organic loan growth as well as a 231.9 million increase in energy-related loans offset by a decrease of 107.2 million in PPP loans related to SBA payoffs during the year. 
 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans. The Company s mortgage warehouse purchase loan portfolio decreased 476.7 million, or 60.4 , to 312.1 million as of December 31, 2022, from 788.8 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in this portfolio type for the current year is primarily reflective of lower volumes related to mortgage interest rate increases and shorter dwell times during the period. 
 Commercial real estate loans (CRE) . The commercial real estate loan portfolio has historically been the Company's largest category of loans, representing 56.2 and 53.1 of the total portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such loans generally involve less risk than other loans in the portfolio. The Company expects that commercial real estate loans will continue to be a significant portion of the Company s total loan portfolio and an area of emphasis in the Company s lending operations. 
 Commercial real estate loans increased 1.2 billion, or 18.1 , to 7.8 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 6.6 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase was due to organic loan growth in this loan type during the year. 
 Commercial construction, land and land development loans. The Company s commercial construction, land and land development loans comprise loans to fund commercial construction, land acquisition and real estate development construction. Although the Company continues to make commercial construction loans, land acquisition and land development loans on a selective basis, the Company does not expect the Company s lending in this area to result in this category of loans being a significantly greater portion of the Company s total loan portfolio. 
 Commercial construction, land and land development loans increased slightly by 50.9 million, or 4.3 to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021, due to organic loan growth for the year. 
 Residential Real Estate Loans . The Company s residential real estate loans, excluding mortgage loans held for sale, are primarily made with respect to and secured by single-family homes, which are both owner-occupied and investor owned and include a limited amount of home equity loans, with a relatively small average loan balance spread across many individual borrowers. The Company offers a variety of mortgage loan portfolio products which generally are amortized over five to thirty years. Loans collateralized by 1-4 family residential real estate generally have been originated in amounts of no more than 80 of appraised value. The Company requires mortgage title insurance and hazard insurance. The Company incurs interest rate risk as well as the risks associated with nonpayments on such loans. 
 The Company s residential real estate loan portfolio increased by 271.9 million, or 20.4 , to a balance of 1.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase in this category was primarily a result of organic loan growth. 
 Single-Family Interim Construction Loans. The Company makes single-family interim construction loans to home builders and individuals to fund the construction of single-family residences with the understanding that such loans will be repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the homes by builders or, in the case of individuals building their own homes, with the proceeds of a permanent mortgage loan. Such loans are secured by the real property being built and are made based on the Company s assessment of the value of the property on an as-completed basis. The Company expects to continue to make single-family interim construction loans so long as demand for such loans continues and the market for single-family housing and the values of such properties remain stable or continue to improve in the Company s markets. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The balance of single-family interim construction loans in the Company s loan portfolio increased by 128.2 million, or 33.7 , to 508.8 million as of December 31, 2022 from 380.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in this category was due to organic origination activity that exceeded repayments during the year. 
 Other Categories of Loans . Other categories of loans in the Company s loan portfolio include agricultural loans made to farmers and ranchers relating to their operations and consumer loans made to individuals for personal purposes, including automobile purchase loans and personal loans. None of these categories of loans represents more than 1 of the Company s total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and such categories continue to be a very small percentage of the Company's total loan portfolio. 
 Most of the Company s lending activity occurs within the state of Texas, primarily in the north, central and southeast Texas regions and the state of Colorado, specifically along the Front Range area. As of December 31, 2022, loans in the North Texas region represented about 38 of the total portfolio, followed by the Colorado Front Range region at 25 , the Houston region at 24 and the Central Texas region at 13 . A large percentage of the Company s portfolio consists of commercial and residential real estate loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no concentrations of loans related to a single industry in excess of 10 of total loans. 
 Loans by Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 The following table sets forth the contractual maturities of the Company s loan portfolio, including scheduled principal repayments and the distribution between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Within One Year One Year to Five Years After Five Years to Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total (dollars in thousands) Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Commercial 68,122 344,930 273,241 1,159,498 119,039 261,046 15,083 475,485 1,765,474 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans 312,099 312,099 Real estate: Commercial real estate 382,393 149,995 3,719,391 864,789 538,667 1,858,210 3,980 300,022 4,644,431 3,173,016 Commercial construction, land and land development 139,036 214,781 350,416 340,864 34,958 117,195 33,821 524,410 706,661 Residential real estate 88,767 23,180 459,025 39,228 147,748 174,671 456,135 215,415 1,151,675 452,494 Single-family interim construction 52,093 279,797 26,995 39,793 34,576 25,942 49,643 113,664 395,175 Agricultural 7,851 9,022 62,706 3,445 4,688 26,636 619 9,455 75,864 48,558 Consumer 7,009 42,523 10,595 16,198 129 5,213 17,733 63,934 Total loans 1,057,370 1,064,228 4,902,369 2,463,815 879,805 2,468,913 475,817 608,356 7,315,361 6,605,312 
 At December 31, 2022, the average duration of the Company's loan portfolio was 2.5 years. The Company generally structures certain loans, like commercial and commercial real estate, with shorter-term loan maturities in order to match funding sources that will enable the Company to effectively manage the portfolio by providing the flexibility to respond to liquidity needs, changes in interest rates and changes in underwriting standards and loan structures, among other things. Due to the shorter-term nature of such loans, from time to time in the ordinary course of business and without any contractual obligation, the Company will renew or extend maturing lines of credit or refinance existing loans at their maturity dates based on customer practice and need. These renewals, extensions and refinancings are made in the ordinary course of business for customers that meet the normal level of credit standards. These requests are typically made by the customer to support their working capital needs for operations. Such borrowers are generally not experiencing financial difficulties and could obtain similar financing elsewhere. In connection with each renewal, extension or refinancing, the Company may require a principal reduction or an adjustment to the terms and structure to reflect the current market pricing/structuring for such loans or to remain competitive with other financial institutions. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Asset Quality 
 Nonperforming Assets . The Company has established procedures to assist the Company in maintaining the overall quality of the Company s loan portfolio. In addition, the Company has adopted underwriting guidelines to be followed by the Company s lending officers and require significant senior management review of proposed extensions of credit exceeding certain thresholds. When delinquencies exist, the Company rigorously monitors the levels of such delinquencies for any negative or adverse trends. The Company s loan review procedures include approval of lending policies and underwriting guidelines by the Company s board of directors, an annual independent loan review, approval of large credit relationships by the Bank s Executive Loan Committee and loan quality documentation procedures. The Company, like other financial institutions, is subject to the risk that its loan portfolio will be subject to increasing pressures from deteriorating borrower credit due to general economic conditions. 
 The Company classifies nonperforming loans as nonaccrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest or loans modified under restructurings as a result of the borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Further information regarding the Company's accounting policies related to past due loans, nonaccrual loans, collateral dependent loans and troubled debt restructurings is presented in Note 5 . Loans, Net and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans . 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the allocation of the Company s nonperforming assets among the Company s different asset categories and key credit-related metrics as of the dates indicated. The balances of nonperforming loans reflect the net investment in these assets. 
 As of December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans Commercial 22,565 36,802 Commercial real estate 13,393 15,218 Commercial construction, land and land development 15 23 Residential real estate 1,582 1,592 Single-family interim construction 189 Consumer 8 38 Total nonaccrual loans (1) 
 37,752 53,673 Total loans delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing 843 1,790 Total troubled debt restructurings, not included in nonaccrual loans 1,494 1,875 Total nonperforming loans 40,089 57,338 Total other real estate owned and other repossessed assets 24,020 114 Total nonperforming assets 64,109 57,452 Total allowance for credit losses on loans 148,787 148,706 Total loans held for investment (2) 
 13,597,264 11,650,598 Total assets 18,258,414 18,732,648 Credit Ratios Ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans held for investment 0.29 0.49 Ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets 0.35 0.31 Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans held for investment 0.28 0.46 Ratio of allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans held for investment 1.09 1.28 Ratio of allowance for credit losses on loans to nonaccrual loans 394.12 277.06 Ratio of allowance for credit losses on loans to total nonperforming loans 371.14 259.35 
 ____________ 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans include troubled debt restructurings of 929 thousand and 1.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Excluding mortgage warehouse purchase loans of 312.1 million and 788.8 million and loans held for sale of 11.3 million and 32.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had 37.8 million and 53.7 million in loans on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the sale and partial payoff of a commercial nonaccrual loan of 9.9 million, the payoff and partial charge-off of a 11.8 million commercial loan and the foreclosure and partial charge-off of an 11.7 million commercial real estate property that was moved to other real estate owned during 2022 offset by the addition of a 12.3 million commercial real estate relationship, a 2.8 million commercial loan and other small net additions to nonaccrual. 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of nonperforming loans increased from 259.35 at December 31, 2021, to 371.14 at December 31, 2022, due primarily to the decrease in nonperforming loans as discussed above. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had other real estate owned and other repossessed assets of 24.0 million, which is an increase of 23.9 million from 114 thousand at December 31, 2021, due to the foreclosure of the 11.7 million nonaccrual commercial real estate property mentioned above and also the foreclosure of a 12.9 million commercial real estate property that was both added to nonaccrual and foreclosed upon during the first half of 2022. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables, held to maturity debt securities and off-balance sheet credit exposures. The CECL model requires the measurement of all expected credit losses on applicable financial assets based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. While historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses, adjustments to historical loss information may be made for differences in current portfolio-specific risk characteristics, environmental conditions or other relevant factors. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the allowance accounts is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond the Company's control, including the performance of the portfolios, the economy, changes in interest rates and the view of the regulatory authorities toward classification of assets. 
 Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 The following table sets forth the allowance for credit losses by category of loans: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Loans (1) 
 Amount of Total Loans (1) 
 Commercial loans 54,037 16.1 49,747 15.9 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans 2.2 6.3 Real estate: Commercial real estate 61,078 56.2 65,110 53.1 Construction, land and land development 17,696 8.8 23,861 9.5 Residential real estate 3,450 11.5 2,192 10.7 Single-family interim construction 11,817 3.7 7,222 3.0 Agricultural 207 0.9 106 0.8 Consumer 502 0.6 468 0.7 Total allowance for credit losses 148,787 100.0 148,706 100.0 
 ____________ 
 (1) Represents the percentage of the Company s total loans included in each loan category. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses amounted to 148.8 million, or 1.09 , of total loans held for investment, excluding mortgage warehouse purchase loans, compared with 148.7 million, or 1.28 , as of December 31, 2021. The percentage decrease during 2022 primarily reflects changes in the economic outlook, specifically related to the COVID pandemic, as well as reductions in specific credit loss allocations, as further discussed below. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had specific credit loss allocations of 9.6 million on individually evaluated loans totaling 34.5 million, compared with specific credit loss allocations of 18.1 million on individually evaluated loans totaling 64.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The majority of the decrease in evaluated loans and specific credit loss allocations was due to two energy loans totaling 21.7 million with total credit loss allocations of 10.5 million, one of which was sold and the other was paid off with a partial charge-off during 2022. In addition, one 11.7 million commercial real estate loan was foreclosed during the year and another 7.7 million commercial real estate relationship with a 1.6 million credit loss allocation was paid off with a partial charge-off. These reductions were offset by the addition of a 12.3 million commercial real estate loan with a credit loss allocation of 1.2 million and 3.5 million increase in credit loss allocation on a commercial loan relationship. 
 The factors driving significant changes in credit loss allocations by segment over the year are discussed below. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The allowance allocated to commercial loans totaled 54.0 million, or 2.4 of total commercial loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 49.7 million, or 2.5 of commercial loans as of December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses increased 4.3 million, or 8.6 for the period. Modeled expected credit losses increased 13.1 million while qualitative factors and other qualitative adjustments related to commercial loans decreased 1.2 million. The increase in modeled losses was primarily related to changes in Moody's macroeconomic variables used in our model related to elevated risks within the portfolio including economic uncertainty, such as inflationary pressures, weakening demand and labor challenges among other factors. Specific allocations for commercial loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis decreased 7.6 million from 16.0 million at December 31, 2021 to 8.4 million at December 31, 2022. The decrease in specific allocations for commercial loans was primarily related to principal payments received and the recognition of charge-offs related to two energy loans offset by the increase in specific allocation on another commercial loan as mentioned above. 
 The allowance allocated to commercial real estate loans totaled 61.1 million, or 0.8 of total commercial real estate loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 65,110, or 1.0 of commercial real estate loans as of December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses decreased 4.0 million, or 6.2 despite a 1.2 billion increase in the commercial real estate portfolio over the year. Modeled expected credit losses increased 22.9 million while qualitative factors and other qualitative adjustments related to commercial real estate loans decreased 26.6 million. The increase in modeled losses was primarily related to increases in the non-owner occupied portion of that portfolio due to changes in Moody's macroeconomic variables used in our model related to elevated risks within the portfolio including potential deterioration of real estate values as well as factors such as inflation and labor and material shortages among other factors. The decrease in qualitative factors was due primarily to an overlay factor relating to the Covid-19 pandemic, as discussed above. Specific allocations for commercial real estate loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis decreased 344 thousand from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 The allowance allocated to construction, land and land development loans totaled 17.7 million, or 1.4 of total construction, land and land development loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 23.9 million, or 2.0 of construction, land and land development loans as of December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses decreased 6.2 million, or 25.8 over the year. Modeled expected credit losses decreased 4.1 million and qualitative factors and other qualitative adjustments decreased 1.5 million. Specific allocations for construction, land and land development loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis decreased 562 thousand from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 The allowance allocated to single-family construction loans totaled 11.8 million, or 2.3 of total single-family construction loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 7.2 million, or 1.9 of single-family construction loans as of December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses increased 4.6 million, or 63.6 . Modeled expected credit losses increased 5.0 million while qualitative factor and other qualitative adjustments related to single-family construction loans decreased 491 thousand. Specific allocations for single family construction loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis increased 43 thousand from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 Refer to Note 5. Loans, Net and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans , in the notes to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional details of the allowance for credit losses on loans. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Additional information related to net charge-offs (recoveries) by loan type is presented in the table below. 
 Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Ratio of Annualized Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) to Average Loans 2022 Commercial 1,244 2,104,991 0.06 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans 428,409 Real estate: Commercial 4,009 7,280,480 0.06 Commercial construction, land and land development 1,215,302 Residential (75) 1,472,210 (0.01) Single-family interim construction 449,488 Agricultural 116,760 Consumer 9 80,993 0.01 Total 5,187 13,148,633 0.04 2021 Commercial 6,797 2,178,362 0.31 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans 906,675 Real estate: Commercial 375 6,374,508 0.01 Commercial construction, land and land development 126 1,190,934 0.01 Residential (7) 1,340,382 Single-family interim construction 345,397 Agricultural 85,316 Consumer 129 80,067 0.16 Total 7,420 12,501,641 0.06 2020 Commercial 5,558 2,297,372 0.24 Mortgage warehouse purchase loans 819,049 Real estate: Commercial 731 5,931,040 0.01 Commercial construction, land and land development 1,278,162 Residential 1,506,257 Single family-interim construction 82 347,954 0.02 Agricultural 90,483 Consumer 263 59,648 0.44 Total 6,634 12,329,965 0.05 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net charge-offs totaled 5.2 million, which is 0.04 of the Company's average loans outstanding during the period, compared to net charge-offs of 7.4 million, or 0.06 of average loans for the year ended December 31, 2021. The majority of the charge-offs in 2022 were concentrated in the commercial real estate portfolio. Charge-offs in 2022 primarily consist of net charge-offs recorded at the foreclosure of two commercial real estate properties totaling 3.4 million and a 773 thousand partial charge-off of a commercial loan that was paid off. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The majority of the 2021 charge-offs consisted of two commercial loan charge-offs totaling 2.5 million and 3.4 million relating to an acquired PCD leasing portfolio, which were fully reserved through purchase accounting adjustments at acquisition and transitioned to the loan allowance under CECL. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures 
 The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is calculated under the CECL model, representing expected credit losses over the contractual period for which the Company is exposed to credit risk resulting from a contractual obligation to extend credit. Off-balance sheet credit exposures primarily consist of amounts available under outstanding lines of credit and letters of credit detailed in Note 13. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Contingencies . The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is estimated by loan segment at each balance sheet date using the same methodologies as portfolio loans, taking into consideration the likelihood that funding will occur based on historical utilization rates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures was 3.9 million and 4.7 million, respectively. 
 Securities 
 The Company s investment strategy aims to maximize earnings while maintaining liquidity in securities with minimal credit, interest rate and duration risk. The types and maturities of securities purchased are primarily based on the Company s current and projected liquidity and interest rate sensitivity positions. Refer to Note 4. Securities for more details on the Company's security portfolio. 
 The fair value of the Company's available for sale securities decreased 314.9 million, or 15.7 , to 1.7 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.0 billion at December 31, 2021. The amortized cost of held to maturity securities was 207.1 million as of December 31, 2022. There were no securities held to maturity as of December 31, 2021. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company reclassified, at fair value, a portion of their available for sale obligations of state and municipal subdivisions to the held to maturity category, primarily to limit future volatility in equity due to potential increases in interest rates. 
 Total securities represented 10.4 and 10.7 of the Company s total assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were no sales of securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized net gains of 13 thousand on the sale of securities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Certain investment securities are valued at less than their amortized cost. At December 31, 2022, the Company's review of all securities at an unrealized loss position determined that the losses resulted from factors not related to credit quality. This conclusion is based on the Company's analysis of the underlying risk characteristics, including credit ratings, and other qualitative factors for each security type in the portfolio. The unrealized losses are generally due to increases in market interest rates. Furthermore, the Company has the intent to hold these securities until maturity or a forecasted recovery, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the securities before the recovery of their cost basis. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date. As such, there is no allowance for credit losses on available for sale or held to maturity securities recognized as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 4. Securities for more information on the Company's analysis of credit losses on securities available for sale and held to maturity. 
 Residential pass through securities (mortgage-backed securities) are securities that have been developed by pooling a number of real estate mortgages that are principally issued by federal agencies. These securities are deemed to have high credit ratings, and minimum regular monthly cash flows of principal and interest are guaranteed by the issuing agencies. Unlike U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities, which have a lump sum payment at maturity, mortgage-backed securities provide cash flows from regular principal and interest payments and principal prepayments throughout the lives of the securities. Premiums and discounts on mortgage-backed securities are amortized over the expected life of the security and may be impacted by prepayments. As such, mortgage-backed securities which are purchased at a premium will generally suffer decreasing net yields as interest rates drop because home owners tend to refinance their mortgages resulting in prepayments and an acceleration of premium amortization. Securities purchased at a discount will generally obtain higher net yields in a decreasing interest rate environment as prepayments result in acceleration of discount accretion. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the amount, scheduled maturities and weighted average yields for the Company s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Available for sale securities are presented at fair value and held to maturity securities are presented at amortized cost. 
 Within One Year One Year to Five Years After Five Years to Ten Years After Ten Years Total (dollars in thousands) Amount Weighted Average Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted Average Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted Average Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted Average Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted Average Yield (1) 
 Securities Available for Sale U.S. treasuries 29,649 1.90 170,103 1.44 39,658 1.27 239,410 1.47 Government agency securities 991 2.10 59,595 1.75 245,960 1.50 77,969 1.94 384,515 1.63 Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions 19,836 2.92 67,716 3.08 69,859 3.07 93,820 2.89 251,231 2.99 Corporate bonds 37,205 4.09 37,205 4.09 Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA 6 2.06 15,410 2.23 60,023 2.03 703,034 1.94 778,473 1.95 Other securities 450 2.44 500 2.10 950 2.26 Total 50,932 2.31 313,324 1.89 452,705 2.01 874,823 2.04 1,691,784 2.01 Securities Held to Maturity Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions 207,059 2.17 207,059 2.17 
 ____________ 
 (1) Yields are based on amortized cost and calculated on a tax-equivalent basis assuming a 21 tax rate 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 2.0 billion, or 74.9 to 654.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 2.6 billion at December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalent balances can vary due to cash needs and volatility of several large title company and commercial accounts. In addition, the decrease in balances as of December 31, 2022 is due to the deployment of excess liquidity related to organic loan growth during the year. 
 Premises and Equipment, Net 
 Premises and equipment, net increased 47.3 million, or 15.4 to 355.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 308.0 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was due to completion of the second phase of the corporate headquarters in mid-2022 as further discussed in It em 2. Properties . 
 Liabilities 
 Total liabilities decreased 283.0 million, or 1.8 , to 15.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, from 16.2 billion as of December 31, 2021 with significant components discussed below. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits 
 Total deposits decreased 432.5 million, or 2.8 , to 15.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 15.6 billion as of December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to lower money market accounts and noninterest-bearing demand accounts for the year over year period. In addition, the decrease was due to the winding down of the bankruptcy trustee deposit vertical early in 2022. Noninterest-bearing demand deposits totaled 4.7 billion, or 31.3 of total deposits, as of December 31, 2022, compared with 5.1 billion, or 32.6 of total deposits, as of December 31, 2021. The total cost of deposits increased 23 basis points from 0.29 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.52 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.78 for 2022 compared with 0.42 for 2021. The increase in cost of funds is reflective of higher rates on deposit products as a result of Fed Funds rate increases over the year. 
 Brokered deposits totaled 528.9 million and 909.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in brokered deposits is due to reduced liquidity from the prior year as well as more competition due to interest rate increases over the year. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s average deposit balances and weighted average rates for the periods presented: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Weighted Average Rate Deposit Type Noninterest-bearing demand accounts 5,018,631 4,675,667 3,736,230 Interest-bearing checking accounts 6,002,530 0.76 5,967,655 0.38 4,577,137 0.62 Savings accounts 787,937 0.05 711,401 0.15 607,996 0.18 Money market accounts 2,130,908 1.01 2,584,386 0.53 2,368,980 0.89 Certificates of deposit, including individual retirement accounts (IRA) 1,027,561 1.00 1,269,736 0.55 1,645,014 1.57 Total deposits 14,967,567 0.52 15,208,845 0.29 12,935,357 0.59 
 The following table sets forth the maturity of time deposits (including IRA deposits) greater than 250 thousand as of December 31, 2022: 
 Maturity within: (dollars in thousands) Three Months Three to Six Months Six to Twelve Months After Twelve Months Total Individual retirement accounts 684 575 5,157 362 6,778 Certificates of deposit (excluding CDARS) 52,974 78,874 296,514 234,375 662,737 Total 53,658 79,449 301,671 234,737 669,515 
 The estimated amount of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits including related accrued interest is approximately 8.3 billion and 8.9 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 FHLB Advances 
 The Company s FHLB borrowings totaled 300.0 million as of December 31, 2022, compared with 150.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The change in FHLB borrowings from prior year reflects the use of short-term FHLB advances as needed 
 for liquidity. See further details of FHLB advances, including collateral and letters of credit in Note 9. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances . 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Other Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 267.1 million and 266.4 million, respectively, of long-term indebtedness (other than FHLB advances and junior subordinated debentures) outstanding, which included subordinated debentures. The slight increase from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was due to the discount accretion and fee amortization on the debentures. In addition, the Company had zero and 17.0 million of short-term borrowings outstanding on its 100.0 million revolving line of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There are no borrowings outstanding as of February 21, 2023. See Note 10. Other Borrowings for further details of the Company's other borrowings. 
 
 Capital Resources and Liquidity Management 
 Capital Resources 
 The Company s stockholders equity is influenced by the Company s earnings, common stock repurchased by the Company makes, common stock granted and forfeitured, stock based compensation expense, the dividends the Company pays on its common stock, and any changes in other comprehensive income relating to available for sale securities and cash flow hedges. 
 Total stockholder s equity was 2.4 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 2.6 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of approximately 191.3 million. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 217.8 million in other comprehensive income (loss), stock repurchased by the Company totaling 119.7 million and dividends paid of 63.7 million offset by net income earned for the year totaling 196.3 million and stock based compensation of 13.7 million. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The Company s capital management consists of providing equity to support the Company s current and future operations. The Company is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by state and federal banking agencies, including the TDB, Federal Reserve and the FDIC. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements may prompt certain actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Please refer to Note 20. Regulatory Matters , in the notes to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional details. 
 Stock Repurchase Program. From time to time, the Company's board of directors has authorized stock repurchase programs which allow the Company to purchase its common stock generally over a one-year period at various prices in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan was approved in December 2021 and provided for up to 160.0 million in repurchases of Company common stock through December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Company repurchased 1,651,236 shares at a total cost of 116.0 million. Under a prior plan, the Company repurchased 419,098 shares of Company stock at a total cost of 29.2 million during 2021. See Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , in this report for additional information. 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was enacted. Among other things, the IRA imposes a new 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased after December 31, 2022 by publicly traded U.S. corporations. With certain exceptions, the value of stock repurchased is determined net of stock issued in the year, including shares issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements. 
 In January 2023, the Company's Board approved the 2023 Stock Repurchase Plan, which provides for the repurchase of common stock up to 125.0 million through December 31, 2023. No shares have been repurchased under the 2023 Plan through February 17, 2023. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity refers to the measure of the Company s ability to meet current and future cash flow requirements as they become due, while at the same time meeting the Company s operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs, all at a reasonable cost. The Company s asset and liability management policy is intended to maintain adequate liquidity and, therefore, enhance the Company s ability to raise funds to support asset growth, meet deposit withdrawals and lending needs, maintain reserve requirements, and otherwise sustain operations. The Company accomplishes this through management of the maturities of the Company s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Company believes that its present position is adequate to meet the current and future liquidity needs. 
 The Company continuously monitors its liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all of the Company s short-term and long-term cash requirements. The Company manages its liquidity position to meet the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of the Company s shareholders. The Company also monitors its liquidity requirements in light of interest rate trends, changes in the economy, and the scheduled maturity and interest rate sensitivity of the investment and loan portfolios and deposits. 
 Liquidity risk management is an important element in the Company s asset/liability management process. The Company s short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily to fund on-going operations, including payment of interest on deposits and debt, extensions of credit to borrowers, capital expenditures and shareholder dividends. These liquidity requirements are met primarily through cash flow from operations, redeployment of pre-paid and maturing balances in the Company s loan and investment portfolios, debt financing and increases in customer deposits. The Company s liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and liabilities and access to alternative sources of funds. Liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in banks, federal funds sold, securities available for sale and maturing or prepaying balances in the Company s investment and loan portfolios. Liquid liabilities include core deposits, brokered deposits, federal funds purchased and other borrowings. Other sources of liquidity include the sale of loans, the ability to acquire additional national market non-core deposits, the issuance of additional collateralized borrowings such as FHLB advances, the issuance of debt securities, borrowings through the Federal Reserve s discount window and the issuance of equity securities. For additional information regarding the Company s operating, investing and financing cash flows, see the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows provided in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Deposits represent the Company s primary source of funds. The Company continues to focus on growing core deposits through the Company s relationship driven banking philosophy and community-focused marketing programs. In addition to deposits, the Company utilizes FHLB advances either as a short-term funding source or a longer-term funding source and to manage the Company s interest rate risk on the Company s loan portfolio. FHLB advances can be particularly attractive as a longer-term funding source to balance interest rate sensitivity and reduce interest rate risk. 
 In addition to the liquidity provided by the sources described above, the Company maintains correspondent relationships with other banks in order to sell loans or purchase overnight funds should additional liquidity be needed. The Company's 100.0 million line of credit also provides an additional source of liquidity. Under this agreement, the Company is required to meet certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis, which includes maintaining 5.0 million in cash at Independent Bank Group and meeting minimum capital ratios. The line also bears a non-usage fee of 0.30 per year on the unused commitment at the end of each fiscal quarter. See Note 10. Other Borrowings for more details of the Company's borrowings. 
 In the ordinary course of the Company s operations, the Company has entered into certain contractual obligations and has made other commitments to make future payments. The Company believes that it will be able to meet its contractual obligations as they come due through the maintenance of adequate cash levels. The Company expects to maintain adequate cash levels through profitability, loan and securities repayment and maturity activity and continued deposit gathering activities. The Company has in place various borrowing mechanisms for both short-term and long-term liquidity needs. Refer to the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for the expected timing of such obligations as of December 31, 2022. These include payments related to (a) time deposits with stated maturity dates (Note 8. Deposits ), (b) short and long term borrowings (Note 9. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances , Note 10. Other Borrowings and Note 11. Junior Subordinated Debentures ), (c) operating leases (Note 12. Leases and (d) commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit (Note 13. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Contingencies ). 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is a corporation separate and apart from the Bank and, therefore, the Company must provide for the Company s own liquidity. The Company s main source of funding is dividends declared and paid to the Company by the Bank. Statutory and regulatory limitations exist that affect the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. Management believes that these limitations will not impact the Company s ability to meet the Company s ongoing short-term cash obligations. For additional information regarding dividend restrictions, see Supervision and Regulation under Part I, Item 1. Business. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the Company s reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under current circumstances, results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. The Company evaluates its estimates on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Accounting policies, as described in detail in the notes to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the Company s financial statements. A thorough understanding of these accounting policies is essential when reviewing the Company s reported results of operations and the Company s financial position. The Company has deemed the accounting policy and estimate discussed below as most critical and require the Company to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates, that are likely to occur from period to period, or the use of different estimates that the Company could have reasonably used in the current period, would have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The Company has other significant accounting policies and continues to evaluate the materiality of their impact on its consolidated financial statements, but management believes these other policies either do not generally require them to make estimates and judgments that are difficult or subjective, or it is less likely they would have a material impact on the Company's reported results for a given period. 
 Allowance For Credit Losses. Management considers policies related to the allowance for credit losses on financial instruments for loans and off-balance sheet credit exposures to be critical to the financial statements. The Company's policies for the allowance for credit losses are accounted for under ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the allowance for credit losses on loans is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. Loans are charged against the allowance for credit losses when management believes that collectability of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance is increased (decreased) by provisions (or reversals of) reported in the income statement as a component of provisions for credit loss. Under the new guidance, the allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is a liability account representing expected credit losses over the contractual period for which the Company is exposed to credit risk resulting from a contractual obligation to extend credit. 
 The amount of each allowance account represents management's best estimate of current expected credit losses on such financial instruments using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, credit quality, or term as well as for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, interest rates, gross domestic product, property values or other relevant factors. The Company utilizes Moody s Analytics economic forecast scenarios and assigns probability weighting to those scenarios which best reflect management s views on the economic forecast. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The allowance for credit losses for loans is measured on a collective basis for portfolios of loans when similar risk characteristics exist. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. For determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses on a collective basis, the loan portfolio is segmented into pools based upon similar risk characteristics and a lifetime loss-rate model is utilized. The measurement of expected credit losses is impacted by loan/borrower attributes and certain macroeconomic variables. Management has determined that they are reasonably able to forecast the macroeconomic variables used in the modeling processes with an acceptable degree of confidence for a total of two years then encompassing a reversion process whereby the forecasted macroeconomic variables are reverted to their historical mean utilizing a rational, systematic basis. Management qualitatively adjusts model results for risk factors that are not considered within the modeling processes but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan pools. These qualitative factor (Q-Factor) adjustments may increase or decrease management's estimate of expected credit losses by a calculated percentage or amount based upon the estimated level of r isk. 
 Due to the subjective nature of these estimates in general and more so due to the multiple, complex variables used in the calculation, the estimate for determining current expected credit losses is subject to uncertainty. The various components of the calculation require significant management judgement and certain assumptions are highly subjective. Volatility in certain credit metrics and variations between expected and actual outcomes are likely. 
 Further information regarding Company policies and methodology used to estimate the allowance for credit losses is presented in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 5. Loans, Net and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Note 13. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 The Company has evaluated new accounting standards that have recently been issued and have determined that there are no new accounting standards that should be described in this section that will materially impact the Company s operations, financial condition or liquidity in future periods. Refer to Note 2. Recent Accounting Standards , of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and their expected impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and other relevant market rates and prices, such as equity prices. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows, and future earnings. Due to the nature of our operations, we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk. 
 Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk 
 The principal objective of the Company s asset and liability management function is to measure, monitor, and control the interest rate risk within the balance sheet and a neutral interest rate risk position while maximizing net income and preserving adequate levels of liquidity and capital. The Risk Oversight Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight of the asset and liability management function, which is managed by the Company s Treasurer. The Treasurer meets with the Company s Chief Financial Officer and senior executive management team regularly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of the Company s assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, as well as local and national market conditions.That group also reviews the liquidity, deposit mix, loan mix and investment positions of the Company. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s management and the Board of Directors are responsible for employing risk management policies that monitor and limit the Company s exposure to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is measured using net interest income simulations and market value of equity analyses. These analyses use various assumptions, including the magnitude and timing of interest rate changes, yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities and deposits, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment and replacement of asset and liability cash flows. 
 Instantaneous parallel rate shift scenarios, known as rate shocks, are modeled and utilized to evaluate risk and establish exposure limits for acceptable changes in net interest margin. 
 The Company also analyzes the economic value of equity as an additional measure of interest rate risk. This is a complementary measure to net interest income where the calculated value is the result of the market value of assets less the market value of liabilities. The economic value of equity is a longer term view of interest rate risk because it measures the present value of the future cash flows. The impact of changes in interest rates on this calculation is analyzed for the risk to the Company s future earnings and is used in conjunction with the analyses on net interest income. The Company also runs customized scenarios to aid in decision making as well as stress test assumptions to confirm that the outputs are reasonable. 
 The Company conducts periodic analyses of its sensitivity to interest rate risk through the use of a third-party proprietary interest-rate sensitivity model that is run internally and has been customized to the Company's specifications. The analyses conducted by use of that model are based on current information regarding the Company's actual interest-earnings assets, interest-bearing liabilities, capital and other financial information that it supplies. The Company uses the information in the model to aid in its risk management framework surrounding the net interest margin. 
 The Company s asset liability management model indicated that it was in an asset sensitive position in terms of its income simulation as of December 31, 2022. The table below illustrates the impact of an immediate and sustained 200 and 100 basis point increase and a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates on net interest income over twelve months based on the interest rate risk model as of December 31, 2022: 
 Hypothetical Shift in Interest Rates (in bps) Change in Projected Net Interest Income 200 5.84 100 3.16 (100) (2.32) 
 The Company's model indicates that its projected balance sheet at December 31, 2022 is less asset sensitive in comparison to its balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The shift to a less asset sensitive position was primarily due to the deployment of interest bearing cash deposits (primarily amounts held in an interest-bearing account at the Federal Reserve) to loans during 2022. Interest-bearing deposits are more immediately impacted by changes in interest rates in comparison to our other categories of earning assets. 
 These are good faith estimates and assume that the composition of the Company s interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at each year-end is held consistent. Additionally, the forecast takes into consideration the future maturities and contractual interest rate repricing over the relevant twelve-month measurement period. Lastly, the model assumes that changes in market interest rates are instantaneous and sustained across the yield curve regardless of duration of pricing characteristics of specific assets or liabilities.This analysis does not contemplate any actions that the Company might undertake in response to changes in market interest rates. As a result, the Company believes these estimates are not necessarily indicative of what actually could occur in the event of immediate interest rate increases or decreases of this magnitude. As interest-bearing assets and liabilities re-price in different time frames and proportions to market interest rate movements, various assumptions must be made based on historical relationships of these variables in reaching any conclusion. Since these correlations are based on competitive and market conditions, the Company anticipates that future results will likely be different from the foregoing estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 As part of the Company s asset/liability management strategy, the Company s management has emphasized the origination of shorter duration loans to limit the negative exposure to rate changes. The average duration of the loan portfolio is 2.5 years. The Company s strategy with respect to liabilities has been to emphasize transaction accounts, particularly noninterest or low interest-bearing non-maturing deposit accounts, which are less sensitive to changes in interest rates. In response to this strategy, non-maturing deposit accounts have been a large portion of total deposits and totaled 90.6 and 93.2 of total deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had brokered deposits, including CDARS totaling 528.9 million and 909.7 million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company intends to focus on the strategy of increasing noninterest or low interest-bearing non-maturing deposit accounts, but may consider the use of brokered deposits as a stable source of lower cost funding. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements, the reports thereon, the notes thereto and supplementary data commence at page 76 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply judgment in evaluating its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. The management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations, or COSO, of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The attestation report of RSM US LLP, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, appears below. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Independent Bank Group, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Independent Bank Group, Inc.'s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 

Dallas, Texas 
 February 21, 2023 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Election of Directors, Our Board of Directors, Identification Evaluation of Director Candidates, Nominee for Election, Continuing Directors, Executive Officers, Board Governance, Stock Ownership of Directors, Nominees, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days of the Company s fiscal year end. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption "Compensation Discussion Analysis in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 Certain information required by this Item 12 is included under Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans in Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The other information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Stock Ownership of Directors, Nominees, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Election of Directors, Board Governance-Director Independence and Related Person and Certain Other Transactions in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the report thereon and the notes thereto commencing at page 76 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Set forth below is an index of such Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 74 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021and 2020 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 80 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 82 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All supplemental schedules are omitted as inapplicable or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 3. The exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K listed below have been included only with the copy of this report filed with the SEC. The Company will furnish a copy of any exhibit to shareholders upon written request to the Company and payment of a reasonable fee not to exceed the Company s reasonable expense. 
 Each exhibit marked with an asterisk is filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as noted below. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT LIST 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 27, 2013 (Registration No. 333 186912) (the Form S 1 Registration Statement )) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with SEC on April 1, 2013) 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2019) 
 3.4 Statement of Designations of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A of Independent Bank Group, Inc., as filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Texas on April 15, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2014) 
 3.5 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021) 
 3.6 Certificate of Merger, dated January 2, 2014, of Live Oak Financial Corp. with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-196627 filed with the SEC on June 25, 2014 (the Form S-3 Registration Statement )) 
 3.7 Certificate of Merger, dated April 15, 2014, of BOH Holdings, Inc. with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-3 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 25, 2014) 
 3.8 Certificate of Merger, dated September 30, 2014, of Houston City Bancshares, Inc. with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on July 31, 2015) 
 3.9 Certificate of Merger, dated March 31, 2017, of Carlile Bancshares, Inc. with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on April 27, 2017) 
 3.10 Certificate of Merger, dated October 23, 2017, of Washington Investment Company with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 26, 2018) 
 3.11 Certificate of Merger, dated May 31, 2018, of Integrity Bancshares, Inc. with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 26, 2018) 
 3.12 Certificate of Merger, dated December 27, 2018, but effective January 1, 2019, of Guaranty Bancorp with and into Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019) 
 4.1 Form of certificate representing shares of the Company s common stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013) 
 4.2 Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of June 25, 2014, between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as Indenture Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the S 3 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 25, 2014) 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 17, 2014, between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as Indenture Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 17, 2014) 
 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2017, between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K, dated December 19, 2017) 
 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2020, between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020) 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 4.6 Form of Global Note to represent the 5.875 Subordinated Notes due August 1, 2024, of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on October 26, 2017) 
 4.7 Form of Global Note to represent the 5.875 Subordinated Notes due August 1, 2024, of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 22, 2016) 
 4.8 Form of 5.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due December 31, 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Independent Bank Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19, 2017) 
 4.9 Form of 4.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 (included in exhibit 4.2) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020) 
 4.10 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021) 
 The other instruments defining the rights of holders of the long-term debt securities of the Company and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request. 4.11 Adoption Agreement for Independent Financial 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2022) 
 4.12 Independent Financial 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2022) 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Form S-1 Registration Statement) 
 10.2 2015 Performance Award Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, dated April 13, 2015) 
 10.3(a) 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, with form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Form S-1 Registration Statement) 
 10.3(b) First Amendment to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s proxy statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on April 26, 2018) 
 10.3(c) Second Amendment to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A dated March 6, 2020) 
 10.3(d) Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for performance based restricted stock units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020) 
 10.3(e) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for restricted stock grants with ratable vesting (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020) 
 10.3(f) Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for performance based restricted stock units granted to executive officers on January 28, 2021 (incorporated by the reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on April 29, 2021) 
 10.3(g) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors under the Independent Bank Group 2013 Equity Incentive Plan for grants made to directors on June 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 
 10.3(h) 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022 (Registration No. 333-265270) (the Form S-8 Registration Statement)) 
 10.3(i) Employee Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Form S-8 Registration Statement) 
 10.3(j) Executive Leadership Team Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Form S-8 Registration Statement) 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 10.3(k) Executive Leadership Team Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Form S-8 Registration Statement) 
 10.3(l) Director Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Form S-8 Registration Statement) 
 10.3(m) Employee Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022) 
 10.3(n) Executive Leadership Team Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on with the SEC on October 25, 2022) 
 10.3(o) Executive Leadership Team Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter end September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022) 
 10.3(p) Director Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022) 
 10.4(a) Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2019, between Independent Bank Group, Inc., in favor of U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 17, 2019) 
 10.4(b) Revolving Credit Note, dated January 17, 2019, by Independent Bank Group, Inc. in favor of U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 17, 2019) 
 10.4(c) Negative Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2019, by the Company, in favor of U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(c) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 17, 2019) 
 10.4(d) First Amendment to Credit Agreement between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, dated January 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(d) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A dated March 6, 2020) 
 10.4(e) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, dated January 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021) 
 10.4(f) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, dated January 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4( f to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 
 10.4(g) Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and U.S Bank National Association, dated February 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(g) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022) 
 10.4(h) Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and US Bank National Association, dated February 16, 2023 
 10.5 Employment Agreement by and between Independent Bank Group, Inc. and John G. Turpen dated July 15, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2021 filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021) 
 10.6(a) Form of Change in Control Agreement, dated July 26, 2016, between the Company and certain Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2016) 
 10.6(b) Schedule of Executive Officers who have executed a Change in Control Agreement 
 10.7 Separation Agreement and Release dated July 28 2022 by and between Michelle S. Hickox and Independent Bank and joined in by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A dated March 6, 2020) 
 23.1 Consent of RSM US LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of Independent Bank Group, Inc. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Certification 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Certification 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Section 906 Certification 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Section 906 Certification 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith as an Exhibit 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the SEC upon request. 
 Furnished herewith as an Exhibit 
 (b) Exhibits. See the exhibit list included in Item 15(a)3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. See Item 15(a)2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 73 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Independent Bank Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Independent Bank Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 of the financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans totaled 148.8 million as of December 31, 2022. The allowance for credit losses on loans is measured on a collective basis for portfolios of loans when similar risk characteristics exist. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. For determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses on a collective basis, the loan portfolio is segmented into pools based upon similar risk characteristics and a lifetime loss-rate model is utilized. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, credit quality, or term as well as changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, gross domestic product, property values or other relevant factors. Management has determined that they are reasonably able to forecast the macroeconomic variables used in the modeling processes with an acceptable degree of confidence for a total of two years then encompassing a reversion process whereby the forecasted macroeconomic variables are reverted to their historical mean utilizing a rational, systematic basis. Management qualitatively adjusts model results for risk factors that are not considered within the modeling processes but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan pools. These qualitative factor adjustments may increase or decrease management's estimate of expected credit losses by a calculated percentage or amount based upon the estimated level of risk. The determination of the forecasts and qualitative factors requires a significant amount of judgment by management and the estimate is highly sensitive to changes in significant assumptions. 
 
 We identified the determination of forecasts and qualitative factors applied to the allowance for credit losses on loans as a critical audit matter because auditing the forecasts and qualitative factors required a high degree of auditor judgment, as the estimate is highly sensitive to changes in significant assumptions. 
 
 74 

Our audit procedures related to the forecasts and qualitative factors applied to the allowance for credit losses on loans included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the development of forecasts and qualitative factors and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the forecasts and qualitative factors and data used in determining the forecasts and qualitative factors. 
 We tested management s process and evaluated the reasonableness of their judgements and assumptions to develop the forecasts and qualitative factors, which included: 
 Testing the accuracy of the data inputs used by management as a basis for the forecasts and qualitative factors by comparing to internal and external source data and assessing the reasonableness of the magnitude and directional consistency of the adjustments for such. 
 Evaluating whether management s conclusions were consistent with Company provided internal data and external or independently sourced data and agreeing the impact to the allowance calculation. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001. 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 21, 2023 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share information) 
 December 31, Assets 2022 2021 Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in other banks Cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit held in other banks Securities available for sale, at fair value Securities held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Loans held for sale (includes and carried at fair value, respectively) 
 Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Dallas stock and other restricted stock Bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) Deferred tax asset Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits FHLB advances Other borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock and shares outstanding, respectively) 
 Common stock and shares outstanding, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share information) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on taxable securities Interest on nontaxable securities Interest on interest-bearing deposits and other Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on FHLB advances Interest on other borrowings Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Investment management fees Mortgage banking revenue Mortgage warehouse purchase program fees (Loss) gain on sale of loans ) Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate ) Gain on sale of securities available for sale (Loss) gain on sale and disposal of premises and equipment ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy Communications and technology FDIC assessment Advertising and public relations Other real estate owned expenses, net Impairment of other real estate Amortization of other intangible assets Professional fees Acquisition expense, including legal Other Total noninterest expense Income before taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized (losses) gains on securities: Unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period, excluding the change attributable to available for sale securities reclassified to held to maturity ) ) Tax effect ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period, net of tax, excluding the change attributable to available for sale securities reclassified to held to maturity ) ) Change in net unamortized gains on available for sale securities reclassified into held to maturity securities ) Tax effect ) Change in net unamortized gains on available for sale securities reclassified into held to maturity securities, net of tax ) Reclassification of amount of gains realized through sale of securities ) ) Tax effect ) ) Reclassification of amount of gains realized through sale of securities, net of tax ) ) Change in unrealized (losses) gains on securities, net of tax ) ) Unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments: Unrealized holding losses arising during the period ) ) Tax effect ) ) Unrealized losses arising during the period, net of tax ) ) Reclassification of amount of losses (gains) recognized into income ) Tax effect ) Reclassification of amount of losses (gains) recognized into income, net of tax ) Change in unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for par value, share and per share information) 
 
 Preferred Stock Par Value million shares authorized 
 Common Stock 
 Par Value 
 million shares authorized 
 Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Restricted stock forfeited ) Restricted stock granted ) Stock based compensation expense Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) Adjusted beginning balance Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Restricted stock forfeited ) Restricted stock granted ) Stock based compensation expense Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Restricted stock forfeited ) Restricted stock granted ) Stock based compensation expense Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Accretion income recognized on loans ) ) ) Amortization of other intangibles assets Amortization of premium on securities, net Amortization of discount and origination costs on borrowings Stock based compensation expense Excess tax (benefit) expense on restricted stock vested ) ) FHLB stock dividends ) ) ) Loss (gain) on sale and disposal of premises and equipment ) Loss (gain) on sale of loans ) ) Gain on sale of securities available for sale ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of other real estate owned ) Impairment of other real estate Impairment of other assets Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Provision for credit losses ) Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI ) ) ) Excess benefit claim on BOLI ) Net gain on mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Originations of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Net change in other assets ) ) Net change in other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investment securities available for sale: Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns Proceeds from sales Purchases ) ) ) Investment securities held to maturity: Purchases ) Proceeds from maturities of certificates of deposit held in other banks Proceeds from benefit claim of BOLI Purchase of bank owned life insurance contracts ) Purchases of FHLB stock and other restricted stock ) ) ) Proceeds from redemptions of FHLB stock and other restricted stock Proceeds from sale of loans Net loans originated held for investment ) ) Originations of mortgage warehouse purchase loans ) ) ) Proceeds from pay-offs of mortgage warehouse purchase loans Additions to premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in demand deposits, money market and savings accounts ) Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) ) Proceeds from FHLB advances Repayments of FHLB advances ) ) ) Proceeds from other borrowings Repayments of other borrowings ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

statutory business trusts that were formed for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and do not meet the criteria for consolidation (See Note 11. Junior Subordinated Debentures ). 
 Accounting standards codification: The Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) is the officially recognized source of authoritative U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applicable to all public and non-public non-governmental entities. Rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants. All other accounting literature is considered non-authoritative. 
 reportable segment. The Company s chief operating decision-maker uses consolidated results to make operating and strategic decisions. 

82 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

83 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Allowance for credit losses: Refer to Note 2. Recent Accounting Standards for discussion of the adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), effective January 1, 2021. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

. Real property acquired after January 1, 2019, accounts for depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets considering the salvage value of the real property. 
 Leasehold improvements are carried at cost and are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the lease period. 
 . Capitalized software is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

85 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 and , respectively. Other intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

87 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

88 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities Dividends paid on participating securities Net income available to common shareholders Weighted average basic shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Net income available to common shareholders Total weighted average basic shares outstanding Add dilutive performance stock units Total weighted average diluted shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share Anti-dilutive participating securities 

89 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 , net of a recorded deferred tax asset of , and reclassed of allowance for credit loss related to financial assets purchased with credit deterioration (PCD) that were previously classified as purchased credit impaired (PCI) and accounted for under ASC 310-30 as discussed below. Results for periods beginning after January 1, 2021 are presented in accordance with ASU 2016-13 while prior period amounts continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable GAAP. 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 using the prospective transition approach for PCD assets. In accordance with the standard, management did not reassess whether PCI assets met the criteria of PCD assets as of the date of adoption. On January 1, 2021, the amortized cost basis of the PCD assets were adjusted to reflect the addition of the allowance for credit losses. The remaining noncredit discount (based on the adjusted amortized cost basis) was accreted into interest income at the effective interest rate as of January 1, 2021. 
 Commercial real estate Commercial construction, land and land development Residential real estate ) Single-family interim construction Agricultural ) Consumer ) Unallocated ) Liabilities: Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures 
 
 ASU 2020-08, Codification Improvements to Subtopic 310-20, Receivables - Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs . ASU 2020-08 clarifies the accounting for the amortization of purchase premiums for callable debt securities with multiple call dates. ASU 2020-08 was effective for the Company on January 1, 2021 and did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

91 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Income taxes paid Noncash transactions: Deferred dividend equivalents Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Loans to facilitate the sale of other real estate owned Transfer of securities available for sale to held to maturity Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Loans purchased, not yet settled 

92 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

) Government agency securities ) Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) Other securities ) December 31, 2021 U.S. treasuries ) Government agency securities ) Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) Other securities ) Securities Held to Maturity December 31, 2022 Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of on available for sale and on held to maturity securities at December 31, 2022 and on available for sale securities at December 31, 2021 that is recorded in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 During 2022, the Company reclassified, at fair value, approximately in available for sale obligations of state and municipal subdivisions to the held to maturity category, primarily to limit future volatility in equity due to potential increases in interest rates. The related net unrealized pre-tax gains of approximately remained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities, as an adjustment of the yield on the transferred securities. No transfers of securities occurred in 2021 and as of December 31, 2021, there were securities held to maturity. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Due from one year to five years Due from five to ten years Thereafter Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA 
 ____________ 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of on available for sale and on held to maturity securities at December 31, 2022 that is recorded in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Securities with a carrying amount of approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged primarily to secure deposits. 
 Gross gains Gross losses 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 ) ) ) Government agency securities ) ) ) Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 U.S. treasuries ) ) Government agency securities ) ) ) Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) ) ) ) ) Securities Held to Maturity December 31, 2022 Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions ) ) ) 
 The Company's securities classified as available for sale and held to maturity are evaluated for expected credit losses by applying the appropriate expected credit losses methodology in accordance with ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. At December 31, 2022 , management's review of all securities at an unrealized loss position determined that the losses resulted from factors not related to credit quality. This conclusion is based on management's analysis of the underlying risk characteristics, including credit ratings, and other qualitative factors for each security type in our portfolio. 
 The unrealized losses on available for sale securities are generally due to increases in market interest rates. Furthermore, the Company has the intent to hold the available for sale securities until maturity or a forecasted recovery, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the securities before the recovery of their cost basis. The issuers of these securities continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. As such, there is allowance for credit losses on available for sale securities recognized as of December 31, 2022 . 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 allowance for credit losses has been recorded on held to maturity securities as of December 31, 2022 . 

Mortgage warehouse purchase loans Real estate: Commercial Commercial construction, land and land development Residential Single-family interim construction Agricultural Consumer Total loans (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans, net (1) 
 
 ____________ 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that is recorded in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company has certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and nonperforming and potential problem loans. 
 Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and prudently expand its business. The Company s management examines current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed. Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. These cash flows, however, may not be as expected and the value of collateral securing the loans may fluctuate. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. 
 The commercial loan portfolio includes loans made to customers in the energy industry, which is a complex, technical and cyclical industry. Experienced bankers with specialized energy lending experience originate our energy loans. Companies in this industry produce, extract, develop, exploit and explore for oil and natural gas. Loans are primarily collateralized with proven producing oil and gas reserves based on a technical evaluation of these reserves. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately and of energy-related loans outstanding, respectively. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 and earn interest at . In return for processing and funding the loans, the SBA paid the lenders a processing fee tiered by the size of the loan. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately and in PPP loans outstanding included in the commercial loan portfolio, respectively. In addition, the Company has recorded net deferred fees associated with PPP loans of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on published program guidelines, these loans funded through the PPP are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government. Management believes that the majority of these loans will ultimately be forgiven by the SBA in accordance with the terms of the program with any remaining balances, after the forgiveness of any amounts, still fully guaranteed by the SBA. 
 days. In some cases, loans to larger mortgage originators may be financed for up to days. Warehouse purchase program loans are collectively evaluated for impairment and are purchased under several contractual requirements, providing safeguards to the Company. To date, the Company has not experienced a loss on these loans and no allowance for credit losses has been allocated to them. 
 Commercial real estate loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing the Company s commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type and geographic location. Management monitors the diversification of the portfolio on a quarterly basis by type and geographic location. Management also tracks the level of owner-occupied property versus non owner-occupied property. At December 31, 2022, the portfolio consisted of approximately of owner-occupied property. 
 Land and commercial land development loans are underwritten using feasibility studies, independent appraisal reviews and financial analysis of the developers or property owners. Generally, borrowers must have a proven track record of success. Commercial construction loans are generally based upon estimates of cost and value of the completed project. These estimates may not be accurate. Commercial construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with the repayment dependent on the success of the ultimate project. Sources of repayment for these loans may be pre-committed permanent financing or sale of the developed property. The loans in this portfolio are geographically diverse and due to the increased risk are monitored closely by management and the board of directors on a quarterly basis. 
 Residential real estate and single-family interim construction loans are underwritten primarily based on borrowers documented income and ability to repay the Bank and other creditors as well as minimum collateral values and credit scores. Relatively small loan amounts are spread across many individual borrowers, which minimizes risk in the residential portfolio. In addition, management evaluates trends in past dues and current economic factors on a regular basis. 
 Agricultural loans are collateralized by real estate and/or agricultural-related assets. Agricultural real estate loans are primarily comprised of loans for the purchase of farmland. Loan-to-value ratios on loans secured by farmland generally do not exceed and have amortization periods limited to . Agricultural non-real estate loans are generally comprised of term loans to fund the purchase of equipment, livestock and seasonal operating lines to grain farmers to plant and harvest corn and soybeans. Specific underwriting standards have been established for agricultural-related loans including the establishment of projections for each operating year based on industry developed estimates of farm input costs and expected commodity yields and prices. Operating lines are typically written for and secured by the crop and other farm assets as considered necessary. Agricultural loans carry credit risks as they involve larger balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, repayment of such loans depends on the successful operation or management of the farm property securing the loan or for which an operating loan is utilized. Farming operations may be affected by adverse weather conditions such as drought, hail or floods that can severely limit crop yields. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 of the outstanding total loan portfolio. Collateral consists primarily of automobiles and other personal assets. Credit score analysis is used to supplement the underwriting process. 
 Most of the Company s lending activity occurs within the state of Texas, primarily in the north, central and southeast Texas regions and the state of Colorado, specifically along the Front Range area. As of December 31, 2022, loans in the Colorado region represented about of the total portfolio. A large percentage of the Company s portfolio consists of commercial and residential real estate loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no concentrations of loans related to a single industry in excess of 10 of total loans. 
 Under ASC 326, the allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. Loans, or portions thereof, are charged-off against the allowance when they are deemed uncollectible. Recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. The amount of the allowance represents management's best estimate of current expected credit losses on loans considering available information relevant to assessing collectibility over the loans' contractual terms, adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless either of the following applies: management has a reasonable expectation that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed with an individual borrower, or the extension or renewal options are included in the borrower contract and are not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. 
 The Company's allowance balance is estimated using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, credit quality, or term as well as for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, gross domestic product, property values or other relevant factors. The Company utilizes Moody s Analytics economic forecast scenarios and assigns probability weighting to those scenarios which best reflect management s views on the economic forecast. 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for portfolios of loans when similar risk characteristics exist. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. For determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses on a collective basis, the loan portfolio is segmented into pools based upon similar risk characteristics and a lifetime loss-rate model is utilized. For modeling purposes, loan pools include: commercial and industrial, energy, commercial real estate - construction/land development, commercial real estate - owner occupied, commercial real estate - non-owner occupied, agricultural, residential real estate, HELOCs, single-family interim construction, and consumer. Management periodically reassesses each pool to ensure the loans within the pool continue to share similar characteristics and risk profiles and to determine whether further segmentation is necessary. The measurement of expected credit losses is impacted by loan/borrower attributes and certain macroeconomic variables. Management has determined that they are reasonably able to forecast the macroeconomic variables used in the modeling processes with an acceptable degree of confidence for a total of two years then encompassing a reversion process whereby the forecasted macroeconomic variables are reverted to their historical mean utilizing a rational, systematic basis. Management qualitatively adjusts model results for risk factors that are not considered within the modeling processes but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan pools. These qualitative factor (Q-Factor) adjustments may increase or decrease management's estimate of expected credit losses by a calculated percentage or amount based upon the estimated level of risk. 
 Loans exhibiting unique risk characteristics and requiring an individual evaluation are measured based on 1) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate; 2) the loan's observable market price; or 3) the fair value of collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Substantially all of the Company s individually evaluated loans are measured at the fair value of the collateral. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 99 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Provision for credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of year Year ended December 31, 2021 Balance at beginning of year Impact of adopting ASC 326 ) ) ) ) Initial allowance on loans purchased with credit deterioration Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of year Year ended December 31, 2020 Balance at beginning of year ) Provision for credit losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of year 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Commercial real estate Commercial construction, land and land development Residential real estate Single-family interim construction Agricultural Consumer 
 Loans past due 90 days and still accruing Troubled debt restructurings (not included in nonaccrual or loans past due and still accruing) December 31, 2021 Nonaccrual loans (1) 
 Loans past due 90 days and still accruing Troubled debt restructurings (not included in nonaccrual or loans past due and still accruing) 
 ____________ 
 (1) There are and in loans on nonaccrual without an allowance for credit loss as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, interest income was recognized on nonaccrual loans. No significant amounts of accrued interest was reversed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

The modifications during the reported periods did not materially impact the Company s determination of the allowance for credit losses. The amortized cost basis and recorded investment in troubled debt restructurings, including those on nonaccrual, was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 loans modified under troubled debt restructurings during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Following is a summary of loans modified under troubled debt restructurings during the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Commercial Construction, Land and Land Development Residential Real Estate Single-Family Interim Construction Agricultural Consumer Total Troubled debt restructurings during the year ended December 31, 2021 Number of contracts Pre-restructuring outstanding recorded investment Post-restructuring outstanding recorded investment 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were loans modified under troubled debt restructurings during the previous twelve month period that subsequently defaulted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had commitments to lend additional funds to any borrowers with loans whose terms have been modified under troubled debt restructurings. 
 Under ASC Subtopic 310-40 and federal banking agencies interagency guidance, certain short-term loan modifications made on a good faith basis in response to COVID-19 (as defined by the guidance) are not considered TDRs. Additionally, under section 4013 of the CARES Act, and as amended, banks may elect to suspend the requirement for certain loan modifications to be categorized as a TDR. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has implemented prudent modifications allowing for primarily short-term payment deferrals or other payment relief to borrowers with pandemic-related economic hardships, where appropriate, that complies with the above guidance. As such, the Company's TDR loans noted above do not include loans that are modifications to borrowers impacted by COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of loans remaining in COVID-19 related deferment was not significant. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Mortgage warehouse purchase loans Commercial real estate Commercial construction, land and land development Residential real estate Single-family interim construction Agricultural Consumer December 31, 2021 Commercial Mortgage warehouse purchase loans Commercial real estate Commercial construction, land and land development Residential real estate Single-family interim construction Agricultural Consumer 
 The Company s internal classified report is segregated into the following categories: 1) Pass/Watch, 2) Special Mention, 3) Substandard 4) Doubtful and 5) Loss. The loans placed in the Pass/Watch category reflect the Company s opinion that the loans reflect potential weakness that requires monitoring on a more frequent basis. The loans in the Special Mention category reflect the Company s opinion that the credit contains weaknesses which represent a greater degree of risk and warrant extra attention. These loans are reviewed monthly by officers and senior management to determine if a change in category is warranted. The loans placed in the Substandard category are considered to be potentially inadequately protected by the current debt service capacity of the borrower and/or the pledged collateral. These credits, even if apparently protected by collateral value, have shown weakness related to adverse financial, managerial, economic, market or political conditions, which may jeopardize repayment of principal and interest and may be considered impaired. There is a possibility that some future loss could be sustained by the Company if such weakness is not corrected. The Doubtful category includes loans that are in default or principal exposure is probable and the possibility of loss is extremely high. The Loss category includes loans that are considered uncollectible, with little chance of turnaround. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial Mortgage warehouse purchase loans Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total mortgage warehouse purchase loans Commercial real estate Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial real estate Commercial construction, land and land development Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial construction, land and land development 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total residential real estate Single-family interim construction Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total single-family interim construction Agricultural Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total agricultural Consumer Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total consumer Total loans Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial Mortgage warehouse purchase loans Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total mortgage warehouse purchase loans Commercial real estate Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate Commercial construction, land and land development Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial construction, land and land development Residential real estate Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total residential real estate 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total single-family interim construction Agricultural Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total agricultural Consumer Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer Total loans Pass Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total loans 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Building Furniture, fixtures and equipment Aircraft Leasehold and tenant improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation expense amounted to , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

. 
 Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total core deposit intangible, net Gross customer relationship intangible Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total customer relationship intangible, net Total other intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets amounted to , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining weighted average amortization period for intangible assets is years as of December 31, 2022. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Second year Third year Fourth year Fifth year Thereafter 

Interest-bearing checking accounts Savings accounts Money market accounts Certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts (IRA), less than 250,000 Certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts (IRA), 250,000 and greater 
 Second year Third year Fourth year Fifth year 
 and , respectively. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balances outstanding on these advances were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Second year Third year Fourth year Fifth year Thereafter 
 The advances are secured by of FHLB stock owned by the Company and a blanket lien on certain loans along with specific listed loans for an aggregate available carrying value of at December 31, 2022. The Company had remaining credit available under the FHLB advance program of at December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had in undisbursed advance commitments (letters of credit) with the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, these commitments mature on various dates from January 2023 through January 2025. The FHLB letters of credit were obtained in lieu of pledging securities to secure public fund deposits that are over the FDIC insurance limit. At December 31, 2022, there were no disbursements against the advance commitments. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 . The balance of borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is net of discount and origination costs of and , respectively. Interest payments of are made semiannually on February 1 and August 1. The maturity date is August 1, 2024. The notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity and meet the criteria to be recognized as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. (1)(2) 
 Unsecured fixed-to-floating subordinated debentures in the amount of . The balance of borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is net of origination costs of and , respectively. Interest payments initially of fixed rate are made semiannually on June 30 and December 31 through December 31, 2022. Thereafter, floating rate payments of 3 month LIBOR plus are made quarterly in arrears beginning on March 31, 2023. The maturity date is December 31, 2027 with next optional redemption on March 31, 2023 and quarterly thereafter. The notes meet the criteria to be recognized as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. (2) 
 Unsecured fixed-to-floating subordinated debentures in the amount of . The balance of borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is net of origination costs of and , respectively. Interest payments initially of fixed rate are made semiannually on March 15 and September 15 through September 15, 2025. Thereafter, floating rate payments equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be 3 month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)) plus payable quarterly in arrears beginning on December 15, 2025. The maturity date is September 15, 2030 with an optional redemption at September 15, 2025. The notes meet the criteria to be recognized as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. (2) 
 Unsecured revolving line of credit with an unrelated commercial bank in the amount of . The line bears interest at the monthly Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) plus and matured February 16, 2023. The Company is required to meet certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis, which includes certain restrictions on cash at IBG and meeting minimum capital ratios. (3) 
 
 ____________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other borrowings included amounts owed to related parties of . 
 (2) The permissible portion of qualified subordinated notes decreases 20 per year during the final five years of the term of the notes. 
 (3) Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company renewed the line (see Note 22. Subsequent Events ). 
 
 The Company has established federal funds lines of credit notes with unaffiliated banks totaling and of borrowing capacity at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, of the lines totaling have stated maturity dates in May, September and December 2023. The remaining lines have no stated maturity dates and the lenders may terminate the lines at any time without notice. The lines are provided on an unsecured basis and must be repaid the following business day from when the funds are borrowed. There were borrowings against the lines at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In addition, the Company maintains a secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank with an availability to borrow approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately and of certain loans and securities were pledged as collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were borrowings against this line as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 statutory business trusts (the Trusts) for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities. Each of the Trusts have issued capital and common securities and invested the proceeds thereof in an equivalent amount of junior subordinated debentures (the Debentures) issued by the Company. The interest rate payable on, and the payment terms of the Debentures are the same as the distribution rate and payment terms of the respective issues of capital and common securities issued by the Trusts. The Debentures are subordinated and junior in right of payment to all present and future senior indebtedness. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations of each of the Trusts with respect to the capital and common securities. Except under certain circumstances, the common securities issued to the Company by the trusts possess sole voting rights with respect to matters involving those entities. Under certain circumstances, the Company may, from time to time, defer the debentures' interest payments, which would result in a deferral of distribution payments on the related trust preferred securities and, with certain exceptions, prevent the Company from declaring or paying cash distributions on the Company's common stock and any other future debt ranking equally with or junior to the debentures. The Company may redeem the debentures, which are intended to qualify as Tier 1 capital, at the Company s option, subject to approval of the Federal Reserve. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of debentures outstanding totaled and , respectively. 
 Quarterly + 
 March 2033 Guaranty Trust III Quarterly + 
 July 2033 IB Trust II Quarterly + 
 March 2034 Cenbank Trust III Quarterly + 
 April 2034 IB Trust III Quarterly + 
 December 2035 IB Centex Trust I Quarterly + 
 February 2035 Community Group Statutory Trust I Quarterly + 
 June 2037 Northstar Trust II (1) 
 Quarterly + 
 June 2037 Northstar Trust III (1) 
 Quarterly + 
 September 2037 
 ____________ 
 remaining as of December 31, 2022. 

of its branches. The Company s branch locations operating under lease agreements have all been designated as operating leases. In addition, the Company leases certain equipment under operating leases. The Company does not have leases designated as finance leases. 
 and , respectively, and related lease liabilities were and , respectively. Leases have remaining terms ranging from to years, including extension options that the Company is reasonably certain will be exercised. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Short term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 The table below summarizes other information related to operating leases: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases, in years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not entered into any material leases that have not yet commenced. 

113 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, farm crops, property, plant and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. 
 Letters of credit are written conditional commitments used by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The Company s policies generally require that letter of credit arrangements contain security and debt covenants similar to those contained in loan arrangements. In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, the Company would be required to fund the commitment. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount shown in the table above. If the commitment is funded, the Company would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer. 
 Allowance For Credit Losses on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures 
 The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is calculated under ASC 326, representing expected credit losses over the contractual period for which the Company is exposed to credit risk resulting from a contractual obligation to extend credit. Off-balance sheet credit exposures primarily consist of amounts available under outstanding lines of credit and letters of credit detailed in the table above. The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is estimated by loan segment at each balance sheet date using the same methodologies as portfolio loans, taking into consideration the likelihood that funding will occur based on historical utilization rates. The allowance is included in other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Impact of ASC 326 adoption Provision for off-balance sheet credit exposure ) Balance at end of period 
 Litigation 
 The Company is involved in certain legal actions arising from normal business activities. Management believes that the outcome of such proceedings will not materially affect the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. A legal proceeding that the Company believes could become material is described below. 
 The Bank is a party to a legal proceeding inherited in connection with its acquisition of BOH Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary, Bank of Houston (BOH). The plaintiffs in the case are alleging that the Bank aided and abetted or participated in a fraudulent scheme. The Company believes the claims made in this lawsuit are without merit and is vigorously defending the lawsuit. The Company is unable to predict when the matter will be resolved, the ultimate outcome or potential costs or damages to be incurred. 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense, as reported 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Tax-exempt interest income from municipal securities ) ) ) Tax-exempt loan income ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance income ) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit Non-deductible compensation Net tax (benefit) expense from stock based compensation ) ) Other ) 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Net unrealized loss on available for sale securities Lease liabilities under operating leases NOL and tax credit carryforwards from acquisitions Net unrealized loss on cash flow hedge Acquired loan fair market value adjustments Stock-based compensation Reserve for bonuses and other accrued expenses Deferred loan fees and costs, net Acquired securities Acquired intangibles Unearned income Deferred compensation Noncompete agreements Nonaccrual loans Other Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment ) ) Right-of-use assets under operating leases ) ) Net unrealized gain on available for sale securities ) Intangible assets ) ) Acquired junior subordinated debentures fair value adjustment ) ) FHLB and other restricted stocks ) ) Acquired tax goodwill ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately which expire in various years from 2024 to 2032 and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately which expire in various years from 2025 to 2027. Deferred tax assets are recognized for net operating losses because the benefit is more likely than not to be realized. valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was recorded at December 31, 2022 or 2021 as management believes it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 The Company does not have any material uncertain tax positions and does not have any interest and penalties recorded in the income statement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company files a consolidated income tax return in the US federal tax jurisdiction. The Company is no longer subject to examination by the US federal tax jurisdiction for years prior to 2019. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

New loan originations Repayments ) Changes in affiliated persons Balance at end of year 
 See Note 10, Other Borrowings , for related party borrowings. 

of credited service, as defined by the Plan. The Plan provides for before tax employee contributions through salary reduction contributions under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. A participant may choose a salary reduction not to exceed the dollar limit set by law each year. Contributions by the Company and by participants are immediately fully vested. The Company makes 401(k) matching contributions of up to of the participant's eligible compensation for the Plan year. The Plan also provides for the Company to make additional discretionary contributions to the Plan. The Company made contributions of approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 See below and Note 18. Derivative Financial Instruments , for additional information. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Government agency securities Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions Corporate bonds Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA Other securities Loans held for sale, fair value option elected (1) 
 Derivative financial instruments: Interest rate lock commitments Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Financial institution counterparty Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments: Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedge Interest rate lock commitments Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Loan customer counterparty December 31, 2021 Assets: Investment securities available for sale: U.S. treasuries Government agency securities Obligations of state and municipal subdivisions Corporate bonds Mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA Other securities Loans held for sale, fair value option elected (1) 
 Derivative financial instruments: Interest rate lock commitments Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Loan customer counterparty Financial institution counterparty Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments: Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedge Interest rate lock commitments Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Loan customer counterparty Financial institution counterparty 
 ____________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans held for sale for which the fair value option was elected had an aggregate outstanding principal balance of and , respectively. There were mortgage loans held for sale under the fair value option that were 90 days or greater past due or on nonaccrual at December 31, 2022. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 121 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Other real estate owned December 31, 2021 Assets: Individually evaluated loans 
 to of the appraised value. Therefore, the Company has categorized its individually evaluated loans as Level 3. 
 Other real estate owned is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis (upon initial recognition or subsequent impairment). Other real estate owned is classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. When transferred from the loan portfolio, other real estate owned is adjusted to fair value less estimated selling costs and is subsequently carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated selling costs. The fair value is determined using an external appraisal process, discounted based on internal criteria. Management reviews the external appraisals for appropriateness and adjusts the value downward to consider selling and closing costs, which typically range from to of the appraised value. Therefore, the Company has categorized its other real estate as Level 3. There was other real estate owned remeasured during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all mortgage loans held for sale not recorded under the fair value option were recorded at cost. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Certificates of deposit held in other banks Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale, at cost Loans, net FHLB of Dallas stock and other restricted stock Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Accrued interest payable FHLB advances Other borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Off-balance sheet assets (liabilities): Commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit December 31, 2021 Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit held in other banks Loans held for sale, at cost Loans, net FHLB of Dallas stock and other restricted stock Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Accrued interest payable FHLB advances Other borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Off-balance sheet assets (liabilities): Commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

124 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

The Company's objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest income and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making variable-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. The Company has interest rate swap derivatives with an aggregated notional amount of that were designated as cash flow hedges. The derivatives are intended to hedge the variable cash flows associated with certain existing variable-interest rate loans and were determined to be effective during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into interest income in the same period that the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts of losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives was , net of tax, and the amounts of losses that were reclassified to interest income as interest payments were made on the Company s variable-rate loans was , net of tax, during and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Amounts of losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives was , net of tax, and the amounts of gains that were reclassified to interest income as interest payments were received on the Company s variable-rate loans was , net of tax, during and for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that will be reclassified as a decrease to interest income. 
 Through its mortgage banking division, the Company enters into interest rate lock commitments with consumers to originate mortgage loans at a specified interest rate. These commitments, which contain fixed expiration dates, offer the borrower an interest rate guarantee provided the loan meets underwriting guidelines and closes within the timeframe established by the Company. The Company manages the changes in fair value associated with changes in interest rates related to interest rate lock commitments by using forward sold commitments known as forward mortgage-backed securities trades. These instruments are typically entered into at the time the interest rate lock commitment is made. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate lock commitments Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Commercial loan interest rate swaps: Loan customer counterparty Financial institution counterparty December 31, 2021 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedge Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate lock commitments Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Commercial loan interest rate swaps: Loan customer counterparty Financial institution counterparty 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In some cases collateral may be required from the counterparties involved if the net value of the derivative instruments exceeds a nominal amount. Collateral levels are monitored and adjusted on a regular basis for changes in interest rate swap values. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash of and and securities of and were pledged as collateral for these derivatives, respectively, and counterparties had deposited of cash with the Company as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has entered into credit risk participation agreements with financial institution counterparties for interest rate swaps related to loans in which the Company is either a participant or a lead bank. Risk participation agreements entered into as a participant bank provide credit protection to the financial institution counterparty should the borrower fail to perform on its interest rate derivative contract with that financial institution. The Company is party to risk participation agreement as a participant bank at December 31, 2022. Risk participation agreements entered into as the lead bank provide credit protection to the Company should the borrower fail to perform on its interest rate derivative contract. The Company is party to risk participation agreement as the lead bank having a notional amount of at December 31, 2022. 
 The changes in the fair value of interest rate lock commitments and the forward sales of mortgage-backed securities are recorded in mortgage banking revenue. These gains and losses were not attributable to instrument-specific credit risk. For commercial interest rate swaps, because the Company acts as an intermediary for our customer, changes in the fair value of the underlying derivative contracts substantially offset each other and do not have a material impact on the results of operations.) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking revenue ) ) Forward mortgage-backed securities trades Mortgage banking revenue ) 

further awards will be granted under the prior 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (2013 Plan). Awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan will remain in effect under the prior plan according to their respective terms and any terminated 2013 Plan awards will be available for awards under the 2022 Plan in accordance with the 2022 Plan's provisions. The 2022 Plan has reserved shares of common stock to be awarded by the Company s Compensation Committee. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares remaining available for grant for future awards. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 . Performance stock units awarded have a three to cliff vesting period. Restricted stock awards granted are issued at the date of grant and receive dividends. Performance stock units are eligible to receive dividend equivalents as such dividends are declared on the Company's common stock during the performance period. Equivalent dividend payments are based upon the number of shares issued under each performance award and are deferred until such time that the units vest and the shares are issued. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Granted during the period Vested during the period ) Forfeited during the period ) Nonvested shares, December 31, 2022 Nonvested shares, December 31, 2020 Granted during the period Vested during the period ) Forfeited during the period ) Nonvested shares, December 31, 2021 
 Compensation expense related to these awards is recorded based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant and totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Compensation expense is recorded in salaries and employee benefits in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. At December 31, 2022, future compensation expense is estimated to be and will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. 
 The fair value of common stock awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The Company has recorded ), ) and in excess tax (benefit) expense on vested restricted stock to income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 There were no modifications of stock agreements during 2022, 2021 and 2020 that resulted in significant additional incremental compensation costs. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Second year Third year Fourth year Total nonvested shares 
 Performance Stock Units 
 Performance stock units represent shares potentially issuable in the future. The number of shares issued is based upon the measure of the Company's achievement of its relative adjusted return on average tangible common equity, as defined by the Company, over the award's performance period as compared to an identified peer group's achievement over the same performance period. The number of shares issuable under each performance award is the product of the award target and the award payout percentage for the given level of achievement which ranges from to of the target. 
 Granted during the period Nonvested shares, December 31, 2022 Nonvested shares, December 31, 2020 Granted during the period Nonvested shares, December 31, 2021 
 Compensation expense related to performance stock units is estimated each period based on the fair value of the target stock unit at the grant date and the most probable level of achievement of the performance condition, adjusted for the passage of time within the vesting periods of the awards. Compensation expense related to these awards was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation expense assuming the target attainment is estimated to be , while the estimated maximum payout is . The remaining performance period over which the expense will be recognized is years. 

129 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 130 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Bank Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets: Consolidated Bank Common equity tier 1 to risk weighted assets: Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets: Consolidated N/A N/A Bank December 31, 2021 Total capital to risk weighted assets: Consolidated Bank Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets: Consolidated Bank Common equity tier 1 to risk weighted assets: Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets: Consolidated N/A N/A Bank 
 _____________ 
 (1) Well-capitalized Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk-Weighted Assets and Tier 1 to Average Assets are not formally defined under applicable banking regulations for bank holding companies. However, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC may require the Company to maintain a Tier 1 to Average Assets Ratio above the required minimum. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 of common stock through December 31, 2022. Under this program, the Company repurchased shares at a total cost of for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were shares repurchased at a total cost of by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 under a prior plan. Federal bank regulators have adopted final rules that, among other things, eliminated the standalone prior approval requirement for any repurchase of common stock. However, the Company remains subject to a Federal Reserve Board guideline that requires consultation with the Federal Reserve Board regarding plans for share repurchases. The Company s repurchases of its common stock may be subject to a prior approval or notice requirement under other regulations, policies or supervisory expectations of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Company stock repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to vesting of stock awards totaled shares at a total cost of , and shares at a total cost of for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were not included under the repurchase program. 

Investment in subsidiaries Investment in trusts Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Other borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total interest expense Noninterest income: Dividends from subsidiaries Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Professional fees Acquisition expense, including legal Other Total noninterest expense Income before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Amortization of discount and origination costs on borrowings Stock based compensation expense Excess tax (benefit) expense on restricted stock vested ) ) Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net change in other assets ) Net change in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital investment in subsidiaries ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from other borrowings Repayments of other borrowings ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except for share and per share information) 

 per share of common stock to the stockholders of record on February 6, 2023. The dividend totaling was paid on February 16, 2023. 
 Stock repurchase program renewal 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company approved the renewal of its stock repurchase program. The program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to million of the Company's common stock. The repurchase program is authorized to continue through December 31, 2023. shares have been repurchased by the Company under this program through the date of this report. 
 Line of credit agreement 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company renewed its unsecured revolving line of credit with a maturity date of February 16, 2024. As of February 21, 2023, the Company has borrowings against its revolving line of credit. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 The Company has not elected to include a summary of the information required in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 136 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of McKinney, Texas, on February 21, 2023. 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. (Registrant) Date: February 21, 2023 By: /s/ David R. Brooks David R. Brooks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David R. Brooks Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 21, 2023 David R. Brooks (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Paul B. Langdale Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 Paul B. Langdale (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Brenda K. Montgomery Chief Accounting Officer February 21, 2023 Brenda K. Montgomery (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Daniel W. Brooks Vice Chairman and Director February 21, 2023 Daniel W. Brooks /s/ William E. Fair Director February 21, 2023 William E. Fair /s/ Alicia K. Harrison Director February 21, 2023 Alicia K. Harrison /s/ Craig E. Holmes Director February 21, 2023 Craig E. Holmes /s/ J. Webb Jennings III Director February 21, 2023 J. Webb Jennings III /s/ Donald L. Poarch Director February 21, 2023 Donald L. Poarch /s/ G. Stacy Smith Director February 21, 2023 G. Stacy Smith /s/ Michael T. Viola Director February 21, 2023 Michael T. Viola /s/ Paul E. Washington Director February 21, 2023 Paul E. Washington 

<EX-10.4(H)>
 2
 exhibit104hfifthamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.4(H)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4(h) 

 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is dated as of February 16, 2023 and is between INDEPENDENT BANK GROUP, INC., a Texas corporation (the Borrower ), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION U.S. Bank ), a national banking association, as the Lender (the Lender and as Administrative Agent. 
 RECITALS 
 A. Borrower, the Lender and the Administrative Agent are party to a Credit Agreement dated as of January 17, 2019, a First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 17, 2020, a Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 15, 2021, a Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 17, 2022 and a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 16, 2022 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Fifth Amendment shall have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 B. The parties hereto desire to amend and modify the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants, conditions and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 AGREEMENT 
 SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT . 
 Section 1.1 Article I - Definitions . The definition of Termination Date as set forth in Article I of the Credit Agreement are amended in their entireties to read as follows 
 Termination Date means February 16, 2024 or any earlier date on which the Aggregate Commitment is reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender and the Administrative Agent as of the date hereof as follows 
 (i) No Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing under the Credit Agreement, and no Default or Event of Default would result from the amendment contemplated hereby. 
 (ii) The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary and proper corporate and other proceedings and do not and will not require any registration with, consent or approval of, or notice to or action by any Person (including any Governmental Authority) in order to be effective and enforceable. 
 1 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

Exhibit 10.4(h) 

 (iii) This Amendment and the other Loan Documents (as amended by this Amendment) constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (iv) The representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement are (x) with respect to any representations or warranties that contain a materiality qualifier, true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof (upon giving effect to this Amendment), except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects on and as of such earlier date and (y) with respect to any representations or warranties that do not contain a materiality qualifier, true and correct in all material respects as of such Borrowing Date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date. 
 (v) Borrower is in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. 
 (vi) Borrower s Obligations under the Credit Agreement and under the other Loan Documents are not subject to any defense, counterclaim, set-off, right to recoupment, abatement or other claim. 
 SECTION 3. ADDITIONAL TERMS. 
 3.1 Acknowledgement of Indebtedness under Credit Agreement . Borrower acknowledges and confirms that, as of the date hereof, Borrower is indebted to the Lender, without defense, setoff, or counterclaim, in the aggregate principal amount of 0.00 under the Credit Agreement. 
 3.2 The Credit Agreement . On and after the Effective Date (i) each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, (ii) each reference to the Credit Agreement in all Loan Documents shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and (iii) this Amendment shall be deemed a Loan Document for the purposes of the Credit Agreement. 
 3.3 Amendment and Credit Agreement to be Read Together . This Amendment supplements and is hereby made a part of the Credit Agreement, and the Credit Agreement and this Amendment shall from and after the Effective Date be read together and shall constitute one agreement. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

2 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

Exhibit 10.4(h) 

 3.4 Acknowledgements . Borrower acknowledges that (i) it has been advised by counsel of its choice of law with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (ii) any waiver of Borrower set forth herein has been knowingly and voluntarily made, and (iii) the obligations of the Lender and the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be strictly construed and shall be expressly subject to Borrower s compliance in all respects with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. 
 3.5 No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any Event of Default (including without limitation any Event of Default existing on the date hereof), nor operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent (including without limitation any rights, powers or remedies of a Lender or the Administrative Agent with respect to any Event of Default existing on the date hereof), nor constitute a waiver of, or consent to any departure from, any provision of the Credit Agreement, or any of the other Loan Documents. 
 3.6 No Novation . The terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement are amended as set forth in this Amendment. It is expressly understood and acknowledged that nothing in this Amendment shall be deemed to cause or otherwise give rise to a novation of the indebtedness contemplated in the Credit Agreement. All of Borrower s Obligations under the Credit Agreement shall in all respects be continuing and this Amendment shall not be deemed to evidence or result in a novation or repayment and re-borrowing of such Obligations . 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT . The amendments set forth in SECTION 1 above shall become effective as of the date (the Effective Date on which each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied (i) Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed Amendment and any other documents to be executed, delivered, or performed in connection with this Amendment (the Amendment Documents and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 5. RELEASE . BORROWER, FOR ITSELF AND ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, DOES HEREBY FULLY, FINALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE, AND AGREES TO HOLD HARMLESS, THE LENDER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EQUITY HOLDERS AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, ADVISORS, MANAGERS, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, ATTORNEYS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS, AND THE SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, HEIRS AND REPRESENTATIVES OF EACH OF THE FOREGOING, FROM ANY AND ALL DEBTS, CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS, SETOFFS, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, COSTS, ATTORNEYS FEES AND EXPENSES, SUITS, DEMANDS, LIABILITIES, ACTIONS, PROCEEDINGS AND CAUSES OF ACTION, IN EACH CASE WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, CONTINGENT OR FIXED, DIRECT OR INDIRECT AND OF WHATEVER KIND, NATURE OR DESCRIPTION, AND WHETHER IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, THAT BORROWER HAS HERETOFORE HAD OR NOW OR HEREAFTER CAN, SHALL OR MAY HAVE BY REASON OF ANY ACT, OMISSION OR THING WHATSOEVER DONE OR OMITTED TO BE DONE ON OR PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THIS AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED THEREIN, THE REVOLVING LOANS, THE LENDER S AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S 
 3 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

Exhibit 10.4(h) 

 ADMINISTRATION THEREOF, OR THE FINANCING OR BANKING RELATIONSHIPS OF BORROWER WITH THE LENDER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 
 SECTION 6. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 6.1 Entire Agreement Successors . This Amendment (i) constitutes the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, with respect hereto or thereto are expressly superseded hereby and (ii) shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the parties hereto permitted pursuant to Article XIII of the Credit Agreement. 
 6.2 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument) and by facsimile or electronic (.pdf) transmission, which facsimile or electronic (.pdf) signatures shall be considered original executed counterparts. 
 6.3 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS. 
 6.4 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST BORROWER IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY BORROWER AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK. 
 6.5 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER. 
 4 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

Exhibit 10.4(h) 

 6.6 SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 14.1 (OTHER THAN TRANSMISSION BY FACSIMILE) OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE MATTERS SET FORTH IN THIS AMENDMENT. NOTHING IN THIS WAIVER WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 5 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower, the Lender, and the Administrative Agent have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 INDEPENDENT BANK GROUP, INC. 
 By s David R Brooks Name David R. Brooks Title Chairman of the Board, CEO and President 
 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower, the Lender, and the Administrative Agent have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 By s Michael R. Point Name Michael R. Point Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 4884-5946-8873 3 

</EX-10.4(H)>

<EX-10.6(B)>
 3
 exhibit106bchangeincontrol.htm
 EX-10.6(B)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6(b) 

AMENDED SCHEDULE OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS WHO HAVE EXECUTED A 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT (this Schedule 
 
 This Schedule of Executive Officers Who Have Executed a Change in Control Agreement relates to the form of Change in Control Agreement filed by Independent Bank Group, Inc. as Exhibit 10.1(a) to its Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2016 (the Form Agreement ). This Schedule is included pursuant to Instruction 2 of Item 601(a) of Regulation S-K for the purpose of setting forth the details in which the specific agreements executed in the form of the Form Agreement differ from the Form Agreement, and, in particular to set forth the persons who, with Independent Bank Group, Inc., were parties to the Change in Control Agreements in such form as of February 20, 2023. 
 Executive Officer Who is a Party to such Change in Control Agreement Date of Change in Control Agreement The number of times the sum of (a) Executive s current base salary plus (b) Executive s target total annual bonus for the year of termination paid upon a Change in Control David R. Brooks July 26, 2016 1 Three (3) times Daniel W. Brooks July 26, 2016 2 Two and a half (2.5) times James P. Tippit January 31, 2018 3 Two (2) times Michael B. Hobbs December 11, 2020 Two and a half (2.5) times Paul B. Langdale October 24, 2022 Two (2) times 

John G. Turpen s Change In Control Agreement is included within his Employment Agreement dated July 15, 2021 (Exhibit 10.8 to this report) also includes a change in control provision at Section 4 which calls for the payment of two (2) times the sum of his base salary plus the sum of (x) the Annual Base Salary and (y) the greater of (i) the Annual Incentive Bonus Target Opportunity and (ii) the average Annual Incentive Bonus actually paid to Executive (before any tax withholding) during the three (3) completed years prior to the Date of Termination, for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs. This Change in Control Agreement is automatically extended one year at a time unless 90-day notice is given that the agreement will not be extended. 
 
 1 Renewed July 14, 2022 
 2 Renewed July 14, 2022 
 3 Renewed December 8, 2022 

</EX-10.6(B)>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit23_1202210-k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement (No. 333-239125) on Form S-3 pertaining to a shelf registration statement and Registration Statement (No. 333-265270) on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan of Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Registration Statement (No. 333-251511) on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan of Independent Bank Group, Inc. and Registration Statement (No. 333-251269) on Form S-8 pertaining to the Independent Bank 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan of our reports dated February 21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Independent Bank Group Inc., appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit31_1202210-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFER 
 
 I, David R. Brooks, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information related to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 s David R. Brooks David R. Brooks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit31_2202210-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Paul B. Langdale, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information related to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 s Paul B. Langdale Paul B. Langdale Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit32_1202210-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 (AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David R. Brooks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge and in my capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate, effective as of February 21, 2023. 

s David R. Brooks David R. Brooks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Independent Bank Group, Inc. and will be retained by Independent Bank Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit32_2202210-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 (AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Independent Bank Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul B. Langdale, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge and in my capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate, effective as of February 21, 2023. 

s Paul B. Langdale Paul B. Langdale Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Independent Bank Group, Inc. and will be retained by Independent Bank Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ibtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ibtx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ibtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ibtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ibtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

