<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1885461_0001213900-23-021418.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4294849</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>414158</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>856722</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>934851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1027250</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>951484</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-021418.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320162808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-021418
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ShoulderUP Technology Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001885461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				871730135
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41076
		FILM NUMBER:		23746662

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 TOWNPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			KENNESAW
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		970.924.0446

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 TOWNPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			KENNESAW
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-021418.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_shoulderup.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of one Redeemable Warrant SUAC.U The New York Stock Exchange Redeemable Warrants, exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share SUAC.W The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 
 
 (Title of Class) 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s
Class A Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing price of the registrant s Class
A Common Stock on that date as reported on the NYSE). 

On March 2, 2023, there were
 shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A Common Stock ), issued and outstanding which
includes shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Units sold in the registrant s initial public offering, and of which 29,064,992
shares of Class A Common Stock trade separately, and shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class
B Common Stock ), issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 45 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 45 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 45 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 45 

PART II 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 46 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 47 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 47 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 49 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 

Index to financial statements 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 50 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 50 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 50 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 50 

PART III 
 
 51 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 51 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 60 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 61 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 63 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 64 

PART IV 
 
 65 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 65 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 66 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Form 10-K ), references to: 

ShoulderUp, we, 
 us, company or our company are to ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

ShoulderUp Team 
are to a group of business professionals that collectively own a substantial majority of our sponsor, including, but not limited to,
all of the members of our management team; 

Class A Common Stock 
are to shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of ShoulderUp; 

founder shares 
are to shares of our Class B Common Stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; 

initial stockholders 
are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or
our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

public shares 
are to shares of our Class A Common Stock initially sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders 
are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent they purchased public shares; 

public warrants 
are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public
offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital
loans that are sold to third parties that are not our sponsor or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following
the consummation of our initial business combination; 

private placement warrants 
are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering; 

sponsor are to
ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, an entity affiliated with members of our management team and
other members of the ShoulderUp Team; and 

warrants are to
our redeemable warrants, which include the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer
held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in
this Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predicts, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our
initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements and other benefits; 

our potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete a business combination; 

our pool of prospective target
businesses; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential changes in control
of us if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

our public securities 
potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

our expectations regarding the
time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; 

public health or safety concerns
and governmental restrictions, including those caused by outbreaks of pandemic disease such as the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak; 

our use of proceeds not held
in the trust account; or 

our financial performance following
this Form 10-K or following our initial business combination. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

We are a blank check company
formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Form 10-K as our initial business combination. 

To date, our efforts have
been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to the initial public offering and the search of a target company
for a Business Combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf,
engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business
combination with us. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until
we consummate our initial business combination. 

We have established strategic
relationships with selected leading investors and financing providers, which we refer to as the Strategic Partners. Our
advisors Advisors are former Department of Homeland Security, FBI, U.S Cyber Command, CYBERCOM, and Crowdstrike cybersecurity
experts. We also have venture capitalist and cyber technology company founders. Such Strategic Partners and Advisors may invest in and
hold positions in our sponsor, including Betsy Z. Cohen who is a member of the Sponsor, thereby sharing in the appreciation of founder
shares and/or private placement units, and assist us in sourcing and evaluating potential acquisition targets and creating long-term value
in the business combination. 

Phyllis Newhouse who serves
as our Chief Executive Officer, Grace Vandecruze, who serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Janice Bryant Howroyd, who serves as one
of our directors, also served as directors and/or officers of Athena Technology Acquisition Corp., a blank check company that
consummated its initial public offering in March 2021. In conjunction with a successful PIPE raise of 165,000,000, in July 2021, Athena
Technology Acquisition Corp. entered into a definitive agreement for a business combination with Heliogen, Inc, a provider of AI-enabled concentrated
solar power, which closed on December 30, 2021. 

We may pursue an initial business
combination in any business or industry but expect to focus on a target in an industry where we believe the expertise of our management
team and Advisors will provide us with a competitive advantage. Our expertise lends itself well to pursuing technology, and cybersecurity
platforms, but we are not required to complete our initial business combination with a business in these industries, and as a result,
we may pursue a business combination outside of these industries. We do not intend to acquire companies that have speculative business
plans or carry excessive leverage. 

Our Management Team 

Our management team is led
by Vincent Stewart, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, Phyllis Newhouse, our Chief Executive Officer, and Grace Vandecruze, our Chief
Financial Officer. Ms. Newhouse has long-standing careers focused on identifying, evaluating and effecting strategic and financing
transactions across a range of industries. Our team is designed to leverage technology, private and public market expertise to identify
and execute a successful transaction. See Our Board of Directors section below for Mr. Stewart s biography. 

Phyllis Newhouse has
served as our Chief Executive Officer since inception. Ms. Newhouse is known as a pioneer in cybersecurity. Ms. Newhouse is an entrepreneur,
retired military senior non-commissioned officer, mentor, founder and Chief Executive Officer of XtremeSolutions, Inc., an Atlanta-based cybersecurity
firm XSI ), and a Director of Heliogen, Inc, a provider of AI-enabled concentrated solar power. While serving in the
United States Army on various assignments, Ms. Newhouse focused on national security and worked on several projects, which outlined
the Cyber Espionage Task Force. After her service in the army, Ms. Newhouse founded XSI in 2002, which offers a wide range of IT expertise
and provides industry leading, state-of-the-art information technology and cybersecurity services and solutions. XSI has employees
in 42 states, with 40 of its workforce made up of veterans. In 2019, Ms. Newhouse founded ShoulderUp, a nonprofit dedicated to connecting
and supporting women in their entrepreneurial journeys. Ms. Newhouse currently serves on the board of directors of the Technology
Association of Georgia, is a member of the Business Executives for National Security, and since April 2021, has served on the Board
of Directors of the Sabre Corporation. She also serves on the executive board and is a member of the Women President Organization. Ms. Newhouse
also serves on the Board of Directors of Girls Inc., a nonprofit organization that encourages all girls to be Strong, Smart, and
Bold. Ms. Newhouse received her B.A. in Liberal Arts Science from Saint Leo College in 1986, she is a graduate of the Institute
of Entrepreneurial Leadership program sponsored by John F. Kennedy University, and she received an Honorary Doctor of Philosophy from
CICA International University. 

1 

Grace Vandecruze has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since inception. Ms. Vandecruze is the Founder and Managing Director at Grace Global Capital LLC,
a consulting firm providing M A financial advisory, restructuring, and valuation to insurance executives, boards and financial regulators
since 2006. From August 1999 to December 2006, she served as Managing Director at Swiss Re, a Swiss reinsurance company, where
Ms. Vandecruze was responsible for the firm s regulatory advisory practice in the insurance and financial services industries.
From January 1996 to August 1999, she Vice President Private Equity at Head Company, LLC, a private equity
firm specializing in the insurance industry, and from January 1994 to January 1996, she was an associate in the Financial Institutions
Group at Merrill Lynch. Since November 2020, Ms. Vandecruze has served on the Board of Directors of The Doctors Company. Since February 2021,
Ms. Vandecruze has served on the Board of Directors of Links Logistics Real Estate. Ms. Vandecruze began her career working in public
accounting with Ernst Young and Grant Thornton. Ms. Vandecruze earned an M.B.A. in Finance from The Wharton School of
Business at the University of Pennsylvania and a B.B.A. in Accounting from Pace University. She serves on the board of M Financial Group
and The Doctors Company and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in New York. 

Our Board of Directors is
comprised of professionals with extensive experience in managing businesses across different industries. We have chosen independent directors
aligned with our vision. We intend to leverage our directors extensive management capabilities, significant investment experience
and global networks to both identify a pipeline of opportunities and drive value in the initial business combination. 

Our Board of Directors include: 

Vincent Stewart has
served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors since November 19, 2021. . Since 2020, Mr. Stewart has served as the Chief Innovation
and Business Intelligence Officer of Ankura, Inc. Since 2019, Mr. Stewart has served as the owner and Chief Executive Officer of
Stewart Global Solutions LLC, an international consulting company focused on cybersecurity, geopolitical intelligence, strategic planning
and crisis management services. Since 2021, Mr. Stewart has served as a partner of Pine Island Capital Partners, providing strategic
advice to direct investment in innovative companies best suited for addressing current national security challenges in the cybersecurity
and intelligence sectors. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Stewart was Lieutenant General in the U.S. Marine Corps who also served as
Deputy Director at United States Cyber Command during his final tour of duty. From 2015 to 2017, he served as the twentieth Director
of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). He has served as a director of the Board of American Public Education, Inc. since May 2021
and as a director of KBR, Inc. since June 2021. He has also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Aerospace Corporation,
a nonprofit corporation, since September 2020. He earned his Baccalaureate Degree from Western Illinois University, and earned his
Masters Degrees in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College, Newport, R.I. and in National Resource Strategy
from the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, National Defense University, Washington, D.C. Mr. Stewart is well-qualified to
serve on our Board because of his extensive experience in cybersecurity and information technology sectors, and his leadership experience
in the government. 

Lauren Anderson has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since 2013, Ms. Anderson has served as the Chief Executive Officer of LC Anderson
International Consulting. She previously held various leadership roles within the Federal Bureau of Investigation FBI over a nearly thirty-year career where she spearheaded investigations and operations, domestically and internationally, in 24 countries.
Since February 2021, Ms. Anderson has served as an Independent Director for Imageware, a public biometrics technology company. Ms.
Anderson has served an advisor to the U.S. Comptroller General at the Government Accountability Office on international security,
intelligence, criminal justice, law enforcement, and women s leadership and as an advisor with Stellar Solutions, a global-systems engineering
service provider since January 2021. Ms. Anderson has an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from LIM College and holds a B.A. in
Psychology from Muhlenberg College. She has completed executive programs at each of Harvard Business School, Northwestern
University s Kellogg School of Management, Cambridge Judge Business School, and the George C. Marshall European Center
for Security Studies in Garmisch, Germany. Ms. Anderson is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience
in technology and cybersecurity sectors, and her leadership experience in the government. 

2 

Danelle Barrett has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since 2020, Ms. Barrett has served as a Principal at Deep Water Point, a government
management consulting firm. From 2017 to 2019, Ms. Barrett served as the Navy Cyber Security Division Director and Deputy Chief Information
Officer on the Chief of Naval Operations staff where she led the Navy s strategic development and execution of digital and
cyber security efforts, enterprise information technology improvements and cloud policy and governance for 700K personnel across a global
network. From 2015 to 2017, Ms. Barrett served as the Director of Current Operations at U.S. Cyber Command. From 2020 to 2022, Ms.
Barrett served as an Independent Director on the board of KVH Industries, Inc. Ms. Barrett has served as an Independent Director on the
boards of Federal Home Loan Bank of New York since November 2020, and Protego Trust Bank, N.A. since February 2021. Ms.
Barrett earned a B.A. in History from Boston University where she received her commission as an officer from the U. S. Naval Reserve
Officer Training Corps. She holds Masters of Arts in Management and Human Resource Development from Webster University, a Master of Arts
in National Security Strategic Studies, from U.S. Naval War College, and a Master of Science in Information Management from Syracuse
University. Ms. Barrett is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience in the cybersecurity sector,
and her leadership experience in the government. 

Shawn Henry has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since April 2012, Mr. Henry has served as President of CrowdStrike Services
and Chief Security Officer of CrowdStrike, Inc. CrowdStrike ), leading a world-class team of cybersecurity professionals
in investigating and mitigating targeted attacks on corporate and government networks globally. Prior to joining CrowdStrike, from 1989
to 2012, Mr. Henry worked at the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (the FBI ), where he oversaw half
of the FBI s investigative operations, including all FBI criminal and cyber investigations worldwide, international operations,
and the FBI s critical incident response to major investigations and disasters. He also oversaw computer crime investigations spanning
the globe and received the Presidential Rank Award for Meritorious Executive for his leadership in enhancing the FBI s cyber capabilities.
Henry lectures at leading universities and is a faculty member at the National Association of Corporate Directors. Mr. Henry has
served on the Advisory Boards of the Georgetown University Law Center Cybersecurity Law Institute since 2016, DoControl since 2020, the
Anti-Defamation League Center for Technology and Society since 2016, and the Hofstra University School of Engineering and Applied
Science since 2012. Mr. Henry has served on the Board of the Global Cyber Alliance since 2015. Mr. Henry earned a Bachelor of
Business Administration from Hofstra University and a Master of Science in Criminal Justice Administration from Virginia Commonwealth
University. Additionally, Mr. Henry is a graduate of the Homeland Security Executive Leadership Program of the Naval Postgraduate
School. Mr. Henry is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive experience in the cybersecurity sector, and
his leadership and directorship experience. 

Janice Bryant Howroyd has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since September 1978, Ms. Howroyd has served as the founder and chief
executive officer of the ActOne Group, an international talent and technology enterprise focusing on employment and talent management
solutions. Ms. Howroyd has served as a board member of the Los Angeles Economic Development Corporation, as well as the Women s
Business Enterprise National Counsel Global Business Committee, where she works to promote opportunities for women-owned businesses.
Ms. Howroyd previously served on the Board of Advisors for the White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges and Universities
during the Obama Administration. Ms. Howroyd also served on the Federal Communications Commission s Advisory Committee on diversity
and digital empowerment to encourage women and minorities to create digital enterprises. Ms. Howroyd received a B.A. in English from
North Carolina A T State University. Ms. Howroyd is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her employment and talent
management experience, as well as her extensive leadership roles within government entities. 

Stacey Abrams has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Ms. Abrams has served as the chief executive officer, chief financial officer
and secretary of Sage Works Production, Inc. In addition, Ms. Abrams has served as the founder and executive director of Southern Economic
Advancement Project since 2019. From 2007 to 2017, Ms. Abrams served as a State Representative of the Georgia General Assembly and as
the minority leader from 2011 to 2017. She has been the chief executive officer of Sage Works, LLC since September 2002. She previously
served as the chief executive officer of the Third Sector Development from August 1998 until March 2019, as a Senior Vice President
of NOWaccount Network Corporation from 2010 to 2016 and as Secretary from 2012 to 2016. Ms. Abrams is also a New York Times best-selling author.
Ms. Abrams received a B.A. in Interdisciplinary Studies from Spelman College, a Master of Public Affairs from the University of Texas
Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs, and a J.D. from Yale University. 

3 

Business Strategy 

Our business strategy is to
leverage well-known investment platforms to identify, evaluate and complete an initial business combination with a company that we
believe exhibits unrecognized value with platform for a consolidation. Although we intend to acquire a company that has sufficient scale
to be a successful public company on its own, we believe that many consolidation opportunities exist in the technology and cybersecurity
sectors. 

For example, we believe that
corporate customers are increasingly seeking diversified cybersecurity platforms that can provide multiple services across the security
ecosystem. We do not intend to limit our search to one segment of the technology and cybersecurity industries but will instead target
a wide variety of companies that provide an array of business technical support. We believe that our management team s extensive
experience and demonstrated success in both investing and operating businesses in this industry has culminated in a unique set of capabilities
that will be utilized in generating stockholder returns. 

Following completion of the
initial public offering, our management and advisors have been communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters
for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and begin the process of evaluating potential opportunities. 

Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target
businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in assessing potential acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into
our initial business combination with a target that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire companies
that we believe: 

have a strong, experienced management
team, or have a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth and profitability; 

have a defensible market position,
with demonstrated advantages when compared to their competitors and create barriers to entry against new competitors; 

are at an inflection point,
such as requiring additional management expertise to drive improved financial performance and will benefit from innovative operational
techniques; 

are fundamentally sound companies
that may be underperforming their potential; 

exhibit unrecognized value or
other favorable characteristics, generate desirable return on capital, and need the capital injection to further accelerate the growth; 

will offer an attractive risk
adjusted returns for our stockholders, potential upside from growth in the target markets and an improved capital structure will be weighed
against any identified downside risks; and 

can benefit from being a publicly
traded company, are prepared to be a publicly traded company, and can utilize access to broader capital markets. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this Form 10-K, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that
we would file with the SEC. 

4 

In addition to any potential
acquisition targets, we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target businesses will be brought to our attention from various
unaffiliated sources, including our Advisors, Strategic Partners, private equity funds, investment banks, and large business enterprises
seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination
Targets 

We believe our management
team s significant operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number
of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad
network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through our management team sourcing, acquiring,
financing and selling businesses through their relationships with sellers, financing sources and target companies management teams
and through executing a number of transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

We believe this network will
provide our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities which are proprietary or where a limited group
of investors were invited to participate in the sale process. In addition, we anticipate that potential acquisition targets will be brought
to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business
enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, or making the acquisition
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek to complete an
initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, we, or a committee of independent
and disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an
independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not
required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

As more fully discussed in
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our directors or
officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has
pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our directors and officers currently have fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Our acquisition and value
creation strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company: 

in an industry that complements
the experience and expertise of our management team and our Advisors; 

was founded with the clear vision
of having powerful and differentiated relationships with their customers and that has market-leading insight into how their consumers
live, what they need, and how to communicate with them effectively; and 

creates, produces, owns, distributes
and/or markets the content, products and services or facilitates the sharing economy. 

We believe there are many
potential targets that meet these criteria that could become attractive public companies with long-term growth potential and attractive
competitive positioning. 

We will seek to: 

leverage the strategic and transaction
experience of our management team and Advisors to bring advice and attention to potential targets; 

deliver creative, multi-faceted approaches
to transaction sourcing; and 

5 

utilize an understanding of
global financial markets and events, capital markets and overall corporate strategy options, including experience in evaluating company s
readiness for public markets. 

Our strategy is to leverage
broad expertise, unique networks and the strategic and transaction experience of our management team and Advisors to identify and execute
an initial business combination, which we believe will result in an acquisition and overall value enhancement of our target. 

Our selection process will
leverage our network of industry professionals, the contacts of our management and Advisors, as well as relationships with management
teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, restructuring advisers, attorneys and accountants, which we believe will provide
us with a number of business combination opportunities. 

We intend to deploy a proactive,
thematic sourcing strategy and to focus on companies where we believe the combination of our management and operational experience, relationships
and capital markets expertise can be catalysts to transform a target company and can help accelerate the target s growth and performance.
Following completion of the initial public offering, members of our management team and our Advisors have been communicating with their
network of relationships to articulate our initial business combination criteria, including the parameters of our search for a target,
and will begin the disciplined process of pursuing and reviewing promising leads. 

Our management team has experience
in sourcing, structuring, acquiring and selling businesses; fostering relationships with sellers, capital providers and target management
teams; negotiating transactions with terms favorable for investors; executing transactions in multiple geographies and under varying economic
and financial market conditions; and accessing the capital markets, including financing businesses and helping companies transition to
public ownership. 

Our Advisors have experience
in operating companies, setting and changing strategies, and identifying, monitoring and recruiting world-class talent; acquiring
and integrating companies; and developing and growing companies, both organically and through acquisitions, and strategic transactions
and through expanding the product range and geographic footprint of a number of target businesses. 

We further believe that our
unique perspective as a vision driven company ourselves will enhance our attractiveness to potential target companies aligned with our
vision. We believe that target companies will see the value in working with us as they embark on the path toward public ownership. To
those companies, we are a like-minded partner with a broad support network that enhances our marketability to them. 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe reputation, sourcing,
valuation, diligence and execution capabilities of our management team and our Advisors will provide us with a significant pipeline of
opportunities from which to evaluate and select a business that will benefit from our expertise and create value for our stockholders. 

Our competitive strengths
include the following: 

Strong Motivation to Fulfill
our Purpose and our Vision. The team we have assembled to execute on capital formation and on an initial business combination, including
our management, Advisors, underwriters, legal advisors, auditors and accountants, have all expressed dedication to our vision and therefore
understand the wider significance and impact of successfully fulfilling it. 

Deep Experience of Advisors.
 We believe that our ability to leverage the experience of our Advisors, who comprise operating executives of companies across multiple
sectors and industries, will provide us a distinct advantage in being able to source, evaluate and consummate an attractive transaction. 

Unique Strength of Relationships
with Company Founders. Our management and Advisors have been co-founders, early-stage investors and board members of companies
we intend to target. 

6 

Proprietary Sourcing Channels
and Leading Industry Relationships. We believe that the connections and capabilities of our management team, in combination with those
of our Advisors, will provide us with a differentiated pipeline of acquisition opportunities that would be difficult for other participants
in the market to replicate. We expect these sourcing capabilities will be further bolstered by the reputation and deep industry relationships
of our management team and our Advisors. 

Investing and Transaction
Experience. We believe that our management s track record of identifying and sourcing transactions coupled with our Advisors 
platform that includes professionals with deep expertise across corporate strategy, investing and transaction execution positions us well
to appropriately evaluate potential business combinations and select one that will be well received by the public markets. 

Execution and Structuring
Capability. We believe that the combined expertise and reputation of our management and our Advisors will allow us to source and complete
transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex
and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence, and extensive negotiations and documentation. We believe
that by focusing our investment activities on these types of transactions, we are able to generate investment opportunities that have
attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and structural characteristics. 

Investment Criteria 

We are focused on identifying
companies that would benefit from becoming publicly-traded entities. We believe that our business strategy creates a compelling alternative
for a growing company in a traditionally underfunded area to become a public entity and thus gain liquidity, diversify funding sources,
and benefit from public market participation. 

We have developed the following
high-level, non-exclusive investment criteria that we will use to screen for and evaluate target businesses. 

We will seek to acquire a
business that have strong business fundamentals and that: 

Would Benefit Uniquely
from our Capabilities a business where the collective capabilities of our management and Advisors can be leveraged to tangibly
improve the operations and market position of the target. 

Is Sourced Through our
Proprietary Channels. We do not expect to participate in broadly marketed processes, but rather will aim to leverage our extensive
network to source potential targets. 

Has a Committed and Capable
Management Team a business with a professional management team whose interests are aligned with those of our investors and complement
the expertise of our founders. Where necessary, we may also look to complement and enhance the capabilities of the target business s
management team by recruiting additional talent through our network of contacts. 

Has the Potential to Grow
Through Further Acquisition Opportunities a business that has the platform to grow inorganically through acquisitions. 

Offers an Attractive Potential
Return for our Stockholders , weighing potential growth opportunities and operational improvements in the target business against any
identified downside risks. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as on other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this Form 10-K, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that
we would file with the SEC. 

7 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, code reviews, security audits, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. 

Each of our directors and
officers own founder shares following the completion of the initial public offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the
retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
to our initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and
directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or
her fiduciary duties. Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law, none of the members of our management team who are also
employed by our sponsor or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination
of which they become aware. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within
the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under the Delaware General Corporation Law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an
opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

Initial Business Combination 

NYSE rules require that our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned
on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board
of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market
value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s
business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company
is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or
other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since
any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of assets threshold, unless
such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not
anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy
statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what
will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 
of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

8 

We may need to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds
held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no
prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently
a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities,
the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
including other blank check companies. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than
us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there
may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of
the private shares, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may not
be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek stockholder
approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to redeem or
repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination;
and 

our outstanding warrants, and
the potential future dilution they represent. 

Any of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status
as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately
held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable
terms. 

If we succeed in effecting
a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure
you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our
principal executive offices at 125 Townpark Drive, Suite 3000, Kennesaw, Georgia 30144. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000
per-month fee to our sponsor. We are charged for general and administrative services commencing on the date of Initial Public Offering
pursuant to a letter agreement between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged
by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

9 

Employees 

We have two executive officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they
deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has
been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable
target business to acquire has been located, management may spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing
the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business.
We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do
not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We have registered our units,
Class A Common Stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and will have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with or reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards as promulgated
by the International Accounting Standards Board. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential
acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able
to acquire the proposed target business. 

We may be required to have
our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act if
we cease to qualify as a smaller reporting company . A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risk Factor Summary 

You should consider carefully
all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest
in our securities. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described
below. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

being a newly formed company
without an operating history; 

any delay in receiving distributions
from the trust account; 

lack of opportunity to vote
on our proposed business combination; 

lack of protections afforded
to investors of other blank check companies; 

10 

deviation from acquisition criteria
in selecting a target for a business acquisition; 

issuance of equity and/or debt
securities to complete a business combination; 

lack of working capital; 

third-party claims; 

the ability to timely complete
a business combination; 

negative interest rate for securities
in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

our stockholders being held
liable for claims by third parties against us; 

failure to enforce our sponsor s
indemnification obligations; 

warrant holders limited to exercising
warrants only on a cashless basis; 

the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company; 

dependence on key personnel; 

conflicts of interest of our
sponsor, officers and directors; 

the delisting of our securities
by the NYSE; 

dependence on a single target
business with a limited number of products or services; 

our stockholders inability
to vote or redeem their shares in connection with our extensions; 

shares being redeemed and warrants
becoming worthless; 

our competitors with advantages
over us in seeking business combinations; 

ability to obtain additional
financing; 

our initial stockholders controlling
a substantial interest in us; 

a change in control in connection
with a business combination 

warrants adverse effect on the
market price of our common stock; 

disadvantageous timing for redeeming
warrants; 

registration rights adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock; 

impact of COVID-19 and
related risks; 

business combination with a
company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes in laws or regulations; 

tax consequences to business
combinations; and 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

11 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, 

a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support
such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold
a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require stockholder approval
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons.
Except as required by law or the rules of the NYSE, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial
business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the
vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares
do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our initial stockholders own
approximately 28 of our outstanding common stock (including the private placement shares) immediately following the completion of the
initial public offering. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time-to-time purchase Class A Common Stock prior
to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval
of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority
of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder
shares and private placement shares, we would need 8,017,040, or 30.25 , of the 26,500,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding
shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase
the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 

An investor s only opportunity to affect
the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares
from us for cash. 

At the time of an investment
in us, investors will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination.
Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have
the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, an investor s only
opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising redemption rights
within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our proxy or tender offer documents mailed to our
public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

12 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or
its owners; (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other
conditions. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and,
as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described
above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction
with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such
requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we
initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange
for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision
of the Class B common stock results in the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon
conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the
deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with
an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect
our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most
desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may
trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your
investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able
to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public offering (or up to any extension period, if applicable)
may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to
conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine
our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period. 

13 

Consequently, such target
business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk
will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may
enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period, in which case
we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find
a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public
offering or during any extension period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be adversely impacted by general
market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial
business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
could continue to, and other infectious diseases could in the future, adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit
the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by
COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our Class A Common Stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors,
officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the NYSE rules. However,
other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not
formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or
public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the
record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

14 

In the event that our sponsor,
initial stockholders, directors, executive officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing
condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our
initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of
public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the
warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A Common Stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy
rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our
compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder
may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in
which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other
procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 

Stockholders will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of (i) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those shares of Class A Common Stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the
limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering
or during any extension period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption
rights) or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete
an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period,
subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete
an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering is not completed for any reason,
compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior
to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 18 months
from the closing of the initial public offering and any extension period, if applicable, before they receive funds from our trust account.
In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will
not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

15 

Stockholders will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of
the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement units and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating
this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately
tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419.
Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on
funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion
of an initial business combination. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the
number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special
purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result,
at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable
target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the
market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies
are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and
the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

16 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial
business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public
company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we
were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims
arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors
and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with
or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds
in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar
or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be
relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete
with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are
obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination
in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their
pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the
18 months following the closing of the offering or during any extension period, it could limit the amount available to fund
our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor
or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of the
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, only 1,675,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust
account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon closing of the initial public offering, the funds available to
us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following such closing or during
any extension period; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion
of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion
of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed
to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable
to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to
do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

17 

In the event that our offering
expenses exceed our estimate of 525,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount
of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering
expenses are less than our estimate of 525,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by
a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are
required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate
or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from
funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units
of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to
the private placement units. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently,
our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges
that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which
could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that
may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may
arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who
choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less
than 10.20 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements
they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach
of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive
alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriters of the initial
public offering as well as our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to
the monies held in the trust account. 

18 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received
by public stockholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Pursuant to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per public
share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in
the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that
it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal
action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our
independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for
distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

19 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds
outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and
directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our
public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a
bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their
fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any
extension period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set
forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice
period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the
15 month from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

20 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that
will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years
following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of
the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought
against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period is not
considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to
the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to
Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption
distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with the NYSE
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in
lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may
attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of
the DGCL. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, stockholders will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Our efforts to identify a
prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may
pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management
team to identify, acquire, and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from their established global relationships and operating
experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so successfully
in a number of sectors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with
another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business
with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks
inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may
be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct
investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who
choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

21 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business
combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate.
In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Form 10-K regarding the
areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective /target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination
if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution
to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow
or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These
risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or
earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

22 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target
business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair
to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our
board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards
used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they
are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting
standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ending December 31, 2022 and, if we cease to qualify as a smaller reporting company, will
require that we have such system of internal controls audited beginning with our next Annual Report on Form 10-K . If
we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or
stockholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Only in the event we
are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes
compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

23 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination
may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (ii) cash for working
capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able
to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction
and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions
in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements
to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we
would be required to pay for all shares of Class A Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us,
we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of
Class A Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that
our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to
their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant
agreement will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of our outstanding warrants (other than to lower the exercise price of
the warrants or extend the duration of the exercise period of the warrants). In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of the initial public offering or during
any extension period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption rights)
or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature
of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected
securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate
an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is
a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our
stockholders may not support. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of private placement units into the trust account and not release such amounts except
in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. If we amend
such provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own approximately
28 of our common stock upon the closing of the initial public offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in the initial public
offering), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition
companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue
remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

24 

Our
sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or
during any extension period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption
rights) or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Class A Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries
of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue
a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

Certain
agreements related to the initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Each
of the agreements related to the initial public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment
management trust agreement, may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter
agreement among us and our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our
initial stockholders; the private placement units purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement
among us, our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might
deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect
to the founder shares, private placement units and other securities held by our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors.
Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board
of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect
our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible
that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more
amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination
will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and
any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would
not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have
been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision
discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which
may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than
we could acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units. As a result, if the
cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption
by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot
assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or
abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain
additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that
are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target
business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the
target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after
our initial business combination. 

25 

Our
initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Upon
closing of the initial public offering, our initial stockholders will own approximately 28 of our issued and outstanding common stock
(assuming they do not purchase any units in the initial public offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions
requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in the initial public offering or if our initial stockholders purchase
any additional Class A Common Stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither
our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities,
other than as disclosed in this Form 10-K. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration
of the current trading price of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor,
is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business
combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the
board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable
influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of
our initial business combination. 

Our
initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders.
As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although
we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex,
the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations.
For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite stockholder approval, we may structure
our business combination in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes,
effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including,
but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions
to stockholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder
or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or
by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, stockholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income,
withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States,
and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant
income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related
to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related
to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk
could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

26 

A
new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

On
August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ),
which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning
in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). The U.S. Department of Treasury has been given authority to provide
regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax; however, no guidance has been issued
to date. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities trade on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, we believe we are a covered
corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act, and while not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax
will apply to any redemptions of our common stock effectuated after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with
an initial business combination and any amendment to our certificate of incorporation to extend the time to consummate an initial business
combination, unless an exemption is available or the fair market value of stock repurchased or redeemed is offset by other equity issuances
occurring within the same taxable year of such redemptions. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may be affected
as a result of the Excise Tax. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain absent further guidance.
We believe that pursuant to both the existing charter and the Trust Agreement, the Company may pay for the Excise Tax from any interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. 

Furthermore,
if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for
distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware
law. 

27 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be adversely impacted. Accordingly,
any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care
or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could adversely impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we
may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we
effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination,
we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved
by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

28 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the
management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may
not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

29 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus adversely impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt following the initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We
and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount
available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
 while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our Class A Common Stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may adversely impact our operations and profitability. 

The
net proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units provided us with of 296,475,000 that we may
use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 11,200,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being
held in the trust account, but before taking into account any accrued interest thereon). 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

30 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could adversely impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could adversely impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE
transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which
is generally approximately 10.20. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination
entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares
at such time. 

We
may engage the underwriter or its affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection
with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriter is entitled
to receive deferred commissions that will released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial
incentives may cause the underwriter to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We
may engage the underwriter or its affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets,
providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the
underwriter or its affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s
length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriter or its affiliates and no fees or other compensation
for such services will be paid to the underwriter or its affiliates, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriting compensation
in connection with the initial public offering. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned
on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriter or its affiliates financial interests are
tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such
additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

31 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with
the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management
of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the
operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance
on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive
officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The
nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of your public shares in
the event we consummate an initial business combination, and our sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in
us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our common
shares to materially decline. 

While
we offered our units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in the trust account at December 31, 2022 was approximately
 10.30 per public share, our sponsor paid only a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or 0.00239234 per
share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted in the event we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our
sponsor invested an aggregate of 13,525,000 in us in connection with the initial public offering, comprised of the 25,000 purchase
price for the founder shares and the 13,500,000 purchase price for the private placement units. As a result, even if the trading price
of our common shares significantly declines, our sponsor will stand to make significant profit on its investment in us. In addition,
our sponsor could potentially recoup its entire investment in us even if the trading price of our common shares is less than 10.20 per
share. As a result, our sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us even if we select and consummate an initial
business combination that causes the trading price of our common shares to decline, while our public stockholders who purchased their
units in the initial public offering could lose significant value in their public shares. Our sponsor may therefore be economically incentivized
to consummate an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or less established target business than would be
the case if our sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as our public stockholders paid for their public shares. 

32 

Since
our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
August 30, 2021, our sponsor paid us 25,000, which we used to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange for 9,833,333 founder
shares, and in November 2021, we effected a 1.0627119 for 1 stock split of our common stock, so that our sponsor owns an aggregate of
10,450,000 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible
or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the
number of founder shares issued. 

The
number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the initial public offering would
be a maximum of 28,750,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that
such founder shares would represent approximately 25 of the outstanding shares (including the private placement shares) after the initial
public offering. In connection with an increase in the size of the offering to a maximum of 30,000,000 units pursuant to Rule 462(b)
under the Securities Act, in November 2021, we effected a 1.0627119 for 1 stock split of our common stock, so that our sponsor owns an
aggregate of 10,450,000 founder shares, or approximately 25 of the outstanding shares (including the private placement shares) after
the initial public offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition,
our sponsor purchased 1,350,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, or 13,500,000, that will also be worthless if
we do not complete our initial business combination. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of
one warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of common stock at 11.50 per share. These securities will
also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers
and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business
combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute
as the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an
initial business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive
officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers
are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion
of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

33 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be
presented. 

Following
the completion of the initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business
of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future
may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we
are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our sponsor and our
officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or
investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or ventures
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential
conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

For
a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest
that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Conflicts
of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 

Our
executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict
with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are
a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor,
our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons
from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have
a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation
in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers 
discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the
terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this
were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have
a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in
any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor,
officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with
any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any
such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth
in Item 1. Business and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite
our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic
or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest
still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they
would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

34 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more
of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares of Class A Common Stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less
than a majority of our outstanding Class A Common Stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may
subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than
we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target
business. 

Members of
our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies.
As a result, certain of those persons have been, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the
business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may be in the future be, affiliated. These activities may have an adverse
effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During
the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board
members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain of those
persons, are now, or may in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs
of such companies or transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert
the attention and resources of the members of both our management team and our board of directors away from identifying and selecting
a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability
to complete an initial business combination. 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not subject to. 

35 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and
complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan
to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or
to be a passive investor. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement,
the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses
in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act. the initial public offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly
tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months
from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period; or (iii) absent an initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period or with respect to any other material
provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption rights) or pre-initial business combination activity, our
return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not
invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution
to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A Common Stock, stockholders will
lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A Common Stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess
Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares)
for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares
in open market transactions. Additionally, stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if
we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 
and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

36 

The
NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
units have been approved for listing on the NYSE. Following the date the shares of our Class A Common Stock and public warrants are eligible
to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our Class A Common Stock and public warrants will be separately listed on the NYSE. Although
after giving effect to the initial public offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set
forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or
prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders 
equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on the NYSE. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity
would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with
at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If
the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A Common
 Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating
the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and eventually our Class
A Common Stock and public warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A Common Stock and public warrants will be covered securities.
Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the
sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. 

37 

We
may issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under
an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A Common Stock upon
the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would
dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par
value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 268,650,000 and 9,550,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common
Stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for
issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. The Class B
common stock is automatically convertible into Class A Common Stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination, initially
at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Immediately after the initial public offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business
combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class
A Common Stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the
holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any
initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend
the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during
any extension period or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of
additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A Common Stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded
 our Class A Common Stock; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A Common Stock is issued, which may affect, among other things,
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A Common Stock and/or public warrants. 

Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class
A Common Stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like,
and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities
are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the total number of shares
of Class A Common Stock outstanding (including the private placement shares) after such conversion, including the total number of shares
of Class A Common Stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding
any shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A Common
Stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement units issued to our sponsor,
officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a
less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which
the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 25 of the total number of shares to be outstanding (including the private
placement shares) prior to our initial business combination. 

38 

Warrantholders
will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A Common Stock or certain exemptions
are available. 

If
the issuance of the Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the public warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of public warrants will not be entitled to exercise
such public warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their public warrants
as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A Common Stock included in the units. 

We
have not registered the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 days,
after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering
the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter
will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination
and to maintain a current registration statement relating to the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the
expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do
so. 

If
the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms
of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead,
will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

In
no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. In the even holders are required
to exercise warrants on a cashless basis, such exercise would result in a fewer number of shares being issued to the holder had such
holder exercised the warrants for cash. 

If
our shares of Class A Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our
option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a
cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state
securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above)
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 

39 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of warrants with the approval by the holders of at least
a majority of the then outstanding warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period
could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without
your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding warrants to make any change other than to lower the exercise price of the warrants or extend the duration of the exercise
period of the warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the
consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among
other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially
provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our
warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our
warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such
jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and
exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice
of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope
the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants,
such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State
of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ),
and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant
agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A Common Stock and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 15,000,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock as part of the initial public offering. Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 1,350,000 private placement units at
a price of 10.00 per unit, or 13,500,000. Each private placement unit consists of one private placement share and one-half of
one private placement warrant and each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price
of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In addition, if our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 150,000 private
placement-equivalent units, at the price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private placement units. To the
extent we issue common stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business.
Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and reduce the value
of the Class A Common Stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate
a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The
private placement warrants included in the private placement units are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the initial
public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, they (including the Class A Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our
sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

40 

Because
each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units
of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each
unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be
issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one common share and one warrant
to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the
warrants upon completion of a business combination, since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the
number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive
merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if our units included
a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock,
the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, inclusive of interest earned thereon,
available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net
of redemptions), and the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal
to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement units may make it more difficult to complete
our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class
A Common Stock. 

Pursuant
to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the initial public offering, our initial
stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants, the shares of Class A Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the founder
shares, the shares of Class A Common Stock included in the private placement units and holders of unit that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans may demand that we register such Class A Common Stock, warrants or the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of such units and warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant
number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. In
addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This
is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash
consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A Common Stock that is expected when the shares of common
stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement units or holders of our working capital loans or their respective
permitted transferees are registered. 

41 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A Common Stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders
may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors
to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these
provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors
and officers. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our
directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs
doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and
the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination),
(B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the
Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the
suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits
us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine
that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits
against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits
brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Additionally,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees
or agents. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is
uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce these exclusive forum provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions
in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that
such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those
designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those
other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to these provisions; however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. 

Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us
and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

42 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we will not commence operations
until obtaining funding through the initial public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings
with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past
performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational
purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not
rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative of our
future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. 

The
past performance of our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either: (i) that we will be able to
identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (ii) success with respect to any business combination we
may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s or their respective affiliates performance
as indicative of any future performance. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and
those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to
comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

43 

We
may face risks related to technology, and cybersecurity businesses. 

Business
combinations with technology, and cybersecurity businesses entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing
a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks after
the business combination: 

we
 may invest in new lines of business that could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue; 

we
 will face significant competition and if we are not able to maintain or improve our market share, our business could suffer; 

the
 loss of one or more members of our management team, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the
 future, could seriously harm our business; 

if
 our security is compromised or if our platform is subjected to attacks that frustrate or thwart our users ability to access
 our products and services, our users, advertisers, and partners may cut back on or stop using our products and services altogether,
 which could seriously harm our business; 

mobile
 malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks, spamming, and improper or illegal use of our products could seriously harm our business
 and reputation; 

if
 we are unable to successfully grow our user base and further monetize our products, our business will suffer; 

if
 we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our
 business may be seriously harmed; 

we
 may be subject to regulatory investigations and proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require
 us to change our business practices in a way that could seriously harm our business; 

an
 inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; and 

an
 inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to the technology, and cybersecurity businesses. Accordingly, if we acquire a target
business in another industry, these risks we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target
business which we acquire, which may or may not be different than those risks listed above. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information
they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose
that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31.
We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower
than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may
be more volatile. 

44 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the
requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not
to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible
because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting
companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years
of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the
market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our
annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make
comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
maintain our executive offices at 125 Townpark Drive, Suite 3000, Kennesaw, Georgia 30144. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be party to various claims and legal proceedings from time to time. We are not subject to any pending material legal proceedings,
nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as
such. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

45 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
Units began trading on the NYSE under the symbol SUAC.U on November 19, 2021. On January 7, 2022, we announced that holders
of our Units could elect to separately trade the Class A Common Stock and Warrants included in the Units. On January 10, 2022, our Class
A Common Stock and Warrants began trading on the NYSE under the symbols SUAC and SUAC.W, respectively. Each
Unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one Redeemable Warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus
dated November 17, 2021 which was filed with the SEC on November 18, 2021. 

(b)
Holders 

On
March 2, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our Units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded Class A Common Stock, and 1 holder
of record of our separately traded Warrants. The actual number of holders of our units is greater than the number of record holders,
and includes holders who are beneficial owners, but whose securities are held in nominee or street name by
brokers and other nominees. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of
any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors. In addition,
our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future.
Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e)
Performance Graph 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

(f)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; 

None. 

(g)
Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On
November 19, 2021, we sold 30,000,000 units, including 3,500,000 units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option in full, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in our initial public offering (the IPO ). Simultaneously with the
closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 1,350,000 private shares for an aggregate purchase price
of 13,500,000 (the Private Placement ). Following the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement on November 19, 2021,
 306,000,000 10.20 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the IPO and the sale of the private placement units
was deposited into our trust account (the Trust Account ), and 1,656,890 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account
and is available for the Company s working capital purposes. Transaction costs (other than deferred underwriting commissions) amounted
to 6,620,368 consisting of 5,300,000 of underwriting commissions, and 1,320,368 of other offering costs (including
 795,000 of offering costs reimbursed by the underwriters). 

The
net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account are invested in United States government securities within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

46 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. References to the Company, us 
or we refer to ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on May 20, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

On
November 19, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 30,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300 million. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 1,350,000 private units for an aggregate purchase price of 13,500,000. 

Upon
the closing of our IPO on November 19, 2021, 306,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial
public offering and the sale of private shares were placed in the Trust Account. 

If
we are unable to complete the initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO , we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us but net of taxes payable
(and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

We
cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

In connection with the anticipated expiration of the 18 month period from the closing of our initial public offering, we intend to extend
the date by which we have to complete the initial business combination or cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up if
we fail to complete such initial business combination and redeem all shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock included in the
units sold as part of our initial public offering by up to an additional 6 months. 

47 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity from inception up to December 31, 2022 was our formation and preparation for our IPO, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying
a target company for a business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial
business combination, at the earliest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 2.4 million, which consisted of the income from investments held
in the Trust Account and operating account of approximately 4.4 million, offset by general and administrative expenses of approximately
 0.9 million, franchise tax expense of approximately 0.2 million, and income tax expense of approximately 0.9 million. 

For
the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of approximately 225,000, which consisted of general
and administrative expenses of approximately 104,000; and franchise tax expense of approximately 124,000; offset by the income from
investments held in the Trust Account and operating account of approximately 3,000. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.4 million in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately
 0.4 million. 

In
addition, we have 600,000 in subscription receivable, which will be used to satisfy our liquidity needs. Our liquidity needs prior to
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the cash contribution of 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase
Founder Shares, and an advance from the Sponsor of approximately 29,000. We repaid 24,000 on November 19, 2021 and the remaining 5,000
remains outstanding and is due on demand. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied
through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment and the Private Placement held outside
of the Trust Account. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts
payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target
businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and
consummating the Business Combination. 

Of
the net proceeds from the IPO and associated Private Placements, 306,000,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account and 1,656,890
of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and was available for the Company s working capital purposes. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below.
As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that the liquidity condition, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be
required to liquidate after May 19, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date.
Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying
and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying
for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business
Combination. 

48 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting estimates: 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company evaluates its equity-linked financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). For derivative
financial instruments that are classified as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recognized at fair value with subsequent
changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations each reporting period. 

The
Company accounted for the 12,650,000 warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the 8,875,000 Private Placement
Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815. Such guidance provides that the warrants described above are not precluded
from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes
in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

49 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to financial statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

ShoulderUp
Technology Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business
combination by May 19, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

New
York, 

March
20, 2023 

PCAOB
ID Number 

F- 2 

SHOULDERUP
TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 30,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SHOULDERUP
TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
period from 
 May 20, 
2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income from operating account 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SHOULDERUP
TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 20, 2021 
(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - May 20, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock issued to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Fair value of Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Sale of private placement units to Sponsor in private placement (including fair value of Private Placement Warrants and subscription receivable) 

-
 
 -

-

Offering costs associated with issuance of Public and Private Placement Warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Accretion for Class A common stock to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 

-

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 

-

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
year ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
period from 
May 20, 
2021 
(inception) through 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expense paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Due to related party 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment income released from Trust Account to pay for taxes 
 
 -

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 -

Repayment of advance to related party 
 -

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Offering costs paid 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accounts payable 
 -

Offering costs paid by related party 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

Subscription receivable 
 -

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units, including
 units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full, at per unit (the Units ),
which is discussed in Note 3, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Unit consists of one share (the Public
Shares of Class A common stock, par value per share Class A common stock ), and one-half of one warrant
(the Public Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at 
per share. 

private units (the Private Units at a price of per Private
Unit in a private placement, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , of which has not been funded and was recorded
as subscription receivable, which is described in Note 4. Each Private Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (the Private
Placement Shares and one-half of one warrant (the Private Placement Warrants ). Each whole Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at per share. 

consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other offering costs (including
 of offering costs reimbursed by the underwriters) and was allocated between Class A common stock subject to possible redemption,
Public Warrants, Private Placement Shares, and Private Placement Warrants. 

of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined
below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete such Business
Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete
a Business Combination successfully. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units was deposited
into a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee, which may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, the proceeds from the IPO
and the sale of the Private Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial
Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within
18 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period (as defined below), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption
of the Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company
has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period (as defined
below) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption rights) or pre-initial
Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of its public stockholders. 

F- 7 

per Public Share. 

(the Founder Shares ), Private Placement Shares and
Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). 

F- 8 

However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations, and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the
Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

million in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately million. 

in subscription
receivable, which will be used to satisfy the Company s liquidity needs. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the cash contribution of from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as
defined in Note 5), and an advance from the Sponsor of approximately (see Note 5). The Company repaid on November 19,
2021 and the remaining remains outstanding and is due on demand. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment
and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds outside of the
Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

of cash was placed in the Trust Account and of cash was held outside of the Trust Account
and is available for the Company s working capital purposes. 

F- 9 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other
share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F- 10 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F- 11 

shares of Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity outside of the stockholders deficit section
of the balance sheets. 

warrants
included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained
in ASC 815. Such guidance provides that the warrants described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts
are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts
continue to be classified in equity. 

F- 12 

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted
loss per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic
net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion
associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock

F- 13 

Units, including Units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price
of per Unit. Each whole warrant is exercisable
to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at per share. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units was deposited
into the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account will be invested in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit, or , of which has
not been funded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and was recorded as subscription receivable. per share. 

F- 14 

Because
of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19, 2021, shares were no longer subject to
forfeiture. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. Any drawdowns under the loan were non-interest bearing,
unsecured and were due at the earlier of March 31, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no borrowing
under the note. The facility is no longer available to the Company subsequent to the IPO. 

The due to related party balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, also includes 
and , respectively, of administrative fees (see below). 

of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the
option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 

per month for office space,
secretarial and administrative services through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the Company s
liquidation. For year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company
incurred expenses of and under this agreement, respectively, and is included in the general and administrative expenses
on the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and outstanding for services
in connection with such agreement, respectively, and is included in the due to related party on the accompanying balance sheets. 

F- 15 

Units to cover over-allotments, which was exercised in full
on November 19, 2021. 

to the underwriters. 

, which will be paid from the funds held in the Trust Account upon completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A common stock are entitled to for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class
A common stock outstanding, of which were subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity in
the accompanying balance sheets. 

F- 16 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of from time to time in one or more series. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 shares of Class A common stock were issued and outstanding, of which shares of Class A common stock are subject
to possible redemption (see Note 7). 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote
for each share of Class B common stock. On August 30, 2021, the Sponsor paid , or approximately per share, in consideration
for shares of Class B common stock, par value . Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. In November 2021, Because of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19, 2021, shares are no
longer subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

warrants issued and outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants). Each
whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A common share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
herein. In addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share
of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors,
and in the case of any such issuance to the Company s initial stockholders or their respective affiliates, without taking into account
any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), the exercise price of
the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the newly issued price. 

F- 17 

after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

warrants
that would be issued in connection with the IPO (including the Public Warrants included in the Units and the Private
Placement Warrants included in the Private Units) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that
the warrants meet the criteria for equity treatment due to the existence of provisions whereby adjustments to the exercise price of the
warrants is based on a variable that is an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option and no circumstances under
which the Company can be forced to net cash settle the warrants. 

F- 18 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

State 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 

Federal 

State 
 -
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

F- 19 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expenses 

F- 20 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have changes
in, or disagreements with, our independent registered public accounting firm on our accounting and financial disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) ,
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes to our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

50 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

As of the date of this Form
10-K, our directors and executive officers are as follows: 2 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Vincent Stewart 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Phyllis Newhouse 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Grace Vandecruze 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Lauren Anderson 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Danelle Barrett 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Shawn Henry 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Janice Bryant Howroyd 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Stacey Abrams 
 
 49 
 
 Director 

Phyllis Newhouse has
served as our Chief Executive Officer since inception. Ms. Newhouse is known as a pioneer in cybersecurity. Ms. Newhouse is an entrepreneur,
retired military senior non-commissioned officer, mentor, founder and Chief Executive Officer of XtremeSolutions, Inc., an Atlanta-based cybersecurity
firm XSI ), and a Director of Heliogen, Inc, a provider of AI-enabled concentrated solar power. While serving in the
United States Army on various assignments, Ms. Newhouse focused on national security and worked on several projects, which outlined
the Cyber Espionage Task Force. After her service in the army, Ms. Newhouse founded XSI in 2002, which offers a wide range of IT expertise
and provides industry leading, state-of-the-art information technology and cybersecurity services and solutions. XSI has employees
in 42 states, with 40 of its workforce made up of veterans. In 2019, Ms. Newhouse founded ShoulderUp, a nonprofit dedicated to connecting
and supporting women in their entrepreneurial journeys. Ms. Newhouse currently serves on the board of directors of the Technology
Association of Georgia, is a member of the Business Executives for National Security, and since April 2021, has served on the Board
of Directors of the Sabre Corporation. She also serves on the executive board and is a member of the Women President Organization. Ms. Newhouse
also serves on the Board of Directors of Girls Inc., a nonprofit organization that encourages all girls to be Strong, Smart, and
Bold. Ms. Newhouse received her B.A. in Liberal Arts Science from Saint Leo College in 1986, she is a graduate of the Institute
of Entrepreneurial Leadership program sponsored by John F. Kennedy University, and she received an Honorary Doctor of Philosophy from
CICA International University. 

Grace Vandecruze has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since inception. Ms. Vandecruze is the Founder and Managing Director at Grace Global Capital LLC,
a consulting firm providing M A financial advisory, restructuring, and valuation to insurance executives, boards and financial regulators
since 2006. From August 1999 to December 2006, she served as Managing Director at Swiss Re, a Swiss reinsurance company, where
Ms. Vandecruze was responsible for the firm s regulatory advisory practice in the insurance and financial services industries.
From January 1996 to August 1999, she Vice President Private Equity at Head Company, LLC, a private equity
firm specializing in the insurance industry, and from January 1994 to January 1996, she was an associate in the Financial Institutions
Group at Merrill Lynch. Since November 2020, Ms. Vandecruze has served on the Board of Directors of The Doctors Company. Since February 2021,
Ms. Vandecruze has served on the Board of Directors of Links Logistics Real Estate. Ms. Vandecruze began her career working in public
accounting with Ernst Young and Grant Thornton. Ms. Vandecruze earned an M.B.A. in Finance from The Wharton School of
Business at the University of Pennsylvania and a B.B.A. in Accounting from Pace University. She serves on the board of M Financial Group
and The Doctors Company and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in New York. 

Vincent Stewart has
served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors since November 19, 2021. Since 2020, Mr. Stewart has served as the Chief Innovation
and Business Intelligence Officer of Ankura, Inc. Since 2019, Mr. Stewart has served as the owner and Chief Executive Officer of
Stewart Global Solutions LLC, an international consulting company focused on cybersecurity, geopolitical intelligence, strategic planning
and crisis management services. Since 2021, Mr. Stewart has served as a partner of Pine Island Capital Partners, providing strategic
advice to direct investment in innovative companies best suited for addressing current national security challenges in the cybersecurity
and intelligence sectors. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Stewart was Lieutenant General in the U.S. Marine Corps who also served as
Deputy Director at United States Cyber Command during his final tour of duty. From 2015 to 2017, he served as the twentieth Director
of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). He has served as a director of the Board of American Public Education, Inc. since May 2021
and as a director of KBR, Inc. since June 2021. He has also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Aerospace Corporation,
a nonprofit corporation, since September 2020. He earned his Baccalaureate Degree from Western Illinois University, and earned his
Masters Degrees in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College, Newport, R.I. and in National Resource Strategy
from the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, National Defense University, Washington, D.C. Mr. Stewart is well-qualified to
serve on our Board because of his extensive experience in cybersecurity and information technology sectors, and his leadership experience
in the government. 

2 NTD: To confirm ages and biographies of the directors and
officers. 

51 

Lauren Anderson has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since 2013, Ms. Anderson has served as the Chief Executive Officer of LC Anderson
International Consulting. She previously held various leadership roles within the Federal Bureau of Investigation FBI over a nearly thirty-year career where she spearheaded investigations and operations, domestically and internationally, in 24 countries.
Since February 2021, Ms. Anderson has served as an Independent Director for Imageware, a public biometrics technology company. Ms.
Anderson has served an advisor to the U.S. Comptroller General at the Government Accountability Office on international security,
intelligence, criminal justice, law enforcement, and women s leadership and as an advisor with Stellar Solutions, a global-systems engineering
service provider since January 2021. Ms. Anderson has an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from LIM College and holds a B.A. in
Psychology from Muhlenberg College. She has completed executive programs at each of Harvard Business School, Northwestern
University s Kellogg School of Management, Cambridge Judge Business School, and the George C. Marshall European Center
for Security Studies in Garmisch, Germany. Ms. Anderson is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience
in technology and cybersecurity sectors, and her leadership experience in the government. 

Danelle Barrett has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since 2020, Ms. Barrett has served as a Principal at Deep Water Point, a government
management consulting firm. From 2017 to 2019, Ms. Barrett served as the Navy Cyber Security Division Director and Deputy Chief Information
Officer on the Chief of Naval Operations staff where she led the Navy s strategic development and execution of digital and
cyber security efforts, enterprise information technology improvements and cloud policy and governance for 700K personnel across a global
network. From 2015 to 2017, Ms. Barrett served as the Director of Current Operations at U.S. Cyber Command. From 2020 to 2022, Ms.
Barrett served as an Independent Director on the board of KVH Industries, Inc. Ms. Barrett has served as an Independent Director on the
boards of Federal Home Loan Bank of New York since November 2020, and Protego Trust Bank, N.A. since February 2021. Ms.
Barrett earned a B.A. in History from Boston University where she received her commission as an officer from the U. S. Naval Reserve
Officer Training Corps. She holds Masters of Arts in Management and Human Resource Development from Webster University, a Master of Arts
in National Security Strategic Studies, from U.S. Naval War College, and a Master of Science in Information Management from Syracuse
University. Ms. Barrett is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience in the cybersecurity sector,
and her leadership experience in the government. 

Shawn Henry has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since April 2012, Mr. Henry has served as President of CrowdStrike Services
and Chief Security Officer of CrowdStrike, Inc. CrowdStrike ), leading a world-class team of cybersecurity professionals
in investigating and mitigating targeted attacks on corporate and government networks globally. Prior to joining CrowdStrike, from 1989
to 2012, Mr. Henry worked at the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (the FBI ), where he oversaw half
of the FBI s investigative operations, including all FBI criminal and cyber investigations worldwide, international operations,
and the FBI s critical incident response to major investigations and disasters. He also oversaw computer crime investigations spanning
the globe and received the Presidential Rank Award for Meritorious Executive for his leadership in enhancing the FBI s cyber capabilities.
Henry lectures at leading universities and is a faculty member at the National Association of Corporate Directors. Mr. Henry has
served on the Advisory Boards of the Georgetown University Law Center Cybersecurity Law Institute since 2016, DoControl since 2020, the
Anti-Defamation League Center for Technology and Society since 2016, and the Hofstra University School of Engineering and Applied
Science since 2012. Mr. Henry has served on the Board of the Global Cyber Alliance since 2015. Mr. Henry earned a Bachelor of
Business Administration from Hofstra University and a Master of Science in Criminal Justice Administration from Virginia Commonwealth
University. Additionally, Mr. Henry is a graduate of the Homeland Security Executive Leadership Program of the Naval Postgraduate
School. Mr. Henry is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive experience in the cybersecurity sector, and
his leadership and directorship experience. 

Janice Bryant Howroyd has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Since September 1978, Ms. Howroyd has served as the founder and chief
executive officer of the ActOne Group, an international talent and technology enterprise focusing on employment and talent management
solutions. Ms. Howroyd has served as a board member of the Los Angeles Economic Development Corporation, as well as the Women s
Business Enterprise National Counsel Global Business Committee, where she works to promote opportunities for women-owned businesses.
Ms. Howroyd previously served on the Board of Advisors for the White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges and Universities
during the Obama Administration. Ms. Howroyd also served on the Federal Communications Commission s Advisory Committee on diversity
and digital empowerment to encourage women and minorities to create digital enterprises. Ms. Howroyd received a B.A. in English from
North Carolina A T State University. Ms. Howroyd is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her employment and talent
management experience, as well as her extensive leadership roles within government entities. 

52 

Stacey Abrams has
served as one of our directors since November 19, 2021. Ms. Abrams has served as the chief executive officer, chief financial officer
and secretary of Sage Works Production, Inc. In addition, Ms. Abrams has served as the founder and executive director of Southern Economic
Advancement Project since 2019. From 2007 to 2017, Ms. Abrams served as a State Representative of the Georgia General Assembly and as
the minority leader from 2011 to 2017. She has been the chief executive officer of Sage Works, LLC since September 2002. She previously
served as the chief executive officer of the Third Sector Development from August 1998 until March 2019, as a Senior Vice President
of NOWaccount Network Corporation from 2010 to 2016 and as Secretary from 2012 to 2016. Ms. Abrams is also a New York Times best-selling author.
Ms. Abrams received a B.A. in Interdisciplinary Studies from Spelman College, a Master of Public Affairs from the University of Texas
Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs, and a J.D. from Yale University. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years,
none of the Company s executive officers, directors or nominees have (i) been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and similar misdemeanors) or (ii) been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters
that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining such person from future
violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state
securities laws. 

During the past ten years
(i) no petition has been filed under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws by or against any of our executive officers,
directors or nominees, (ii) no receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of
any of our executive officers, directors or nominees, and (iii) none of our executive officers, directors or nominees was an executive
officer of any business entity or a general partner of any partnership at or within two years before the filing of a petition under the
federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws by or against such entity. All of the Company s executive officers, directors
and nominees listed above are U.S. citizens. 

As of the date of this Form
10-K, we are not subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against
us or any of our executive officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of seven members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the
NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on the NYSE. 

The term of office of the
first class of directors, consisting of Lauren Anderson and Danelle Barrett, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Shawn Henry and Janice Bryant Howroyd, will expire at the second annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Vincent Stewart, Phyllis Newhouse and Stacey
Abrams will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
and our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that our officers shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary
and may consist of a Chairman of the Board, President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may
be determined by the board of directors. 

53 

Board Meetings 

During 2022, there were four
meetings of our board of directors. All of our directors attended at least 75 of the meetings held during 2022, with the exception of
two of our directors. All directors are expected to attend meetings of the board of directors, meetings of the Committees upon which they
serve and meetings of our stockholders absent cause. 

Director Independence 

The NYSE listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Vincent Stewart, Lauren Anderson, Danelle Barrett, Shawn
Henry, and Janice Bryant Howroyd are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any affiliated transactions
will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve
all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors Vincent Stewart, Lauren Anderson, Janice Bryant Howroyd and Shawn Henry will serve as members of our
audit committee. All members of our audit committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our sponsor and our underwriters. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of
(1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent
registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function
and independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

54 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Shawn Henry qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established a nominating
and corporate governance committee. The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Shawn Henry, Danelle Barrett and Stacey
Abrams. 

The primary purposes of our
nominating and corporate governance committee will be to assist the board in: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

55 

Director Nominations 

Our nominating and corporate
governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by
holders of our founder shares during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual meeting of stockholders
(or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not
have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Lauren Anderson, Danelle Barrett and Janice Bryant Howroyd serve as members of our compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated by our board of directors) the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months or during any extension period,
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including
finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective
affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly,
it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for
the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

56 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that
has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of
our Class A Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such Forms, we believe that during the year
ended December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
business conduct and ethics Code of Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all
aspects of our business and is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

In general, officers and directors
of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially
undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without
violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

57 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 3 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Phyllis Newhouse 
 
 XtremeSolutions, Inc. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Founder, former Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Heliogen, Inc. 
 
 Green Energy Technology 
 
 Director 

ShoulderUp Ventures 
 
 Nonprofit 
 
 Founder 

Sabre Corporation 
 
 Travel Technology 
 
 Director 

Grace Vandecruze 
 
 Grace Global Capital LLC 
 
 M A Financial Advisory 
 
 Founder and Managing Director 

The Doctors Company 
 
 Medical Malpractice Insurance 
 
 Director 

PIMCO Closed End Funds 
 
 Investment 
 
 Director 

Link Logistics Real Estate 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Director 

Resolution Life Group Holdings 
 
 Life Insurance 
 
 Director 

Vincent Stewart 
 
 Ankura, Inc. 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Chief Innovation and Business Intelligence Officer 

Stewart Global Solutions LLC 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Owner and Chief Executive Officer 

American Public Education, Inc. 
 
 Education 
 
 Director 

KBR, Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

Lauren Anderson 
 
 LC Anderson International Consulting 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Imageware Systems, Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

Stellar Solutions 
 
 Engineering Service Provider 
 
 Advisor 

Danelle Barrett 
 
 Deep Water Point 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Principal 

Federal Home Loan Bank of New York 
 
 Bank 
 
 Director 

Protego Trust Bank, N.A. 
 
 Bank 
 
 Director 

Shawn Henry 
 
 CrowdStrike Services 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 President 

CrowdStrike, Inc. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 Chief Security Officer 

Janice Bryant Howroyd 
 
 ActOne Group 
 
 Talent and Technology 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Stacey Abrams 
 
 Sage Works Production, Inc. 
 
 Production 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Sage Works, LLC 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. 

3 NTD: Executive Officers and Directors to provide any applicable
updates. 

58 

Our initial stockholders purchased
founder shares prior to the initial public offering and purchased private placement units in a transaction that closed simultaneously
with the initial public offering. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they hold in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar
to the one entered into by our initial stockholders with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after the initial public
offering. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame extension
period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will
expire worthless. Furthermore, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until
the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the date following the
completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. Subject
to certain limited exceptions, the private placement units will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our
initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock or warrants directly
or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may
have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors
or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our
sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will also pay our sponsor 10,000
per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. 

We cannot assure you that
any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares,
and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any shares purchased during
or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law,
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our
directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors,
unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law,
authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from
their actions as directors. 

59 

We will enter into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.
Except with respect to any public shares they may acquire after the date of this Form 10-K (in the event we do not consummate an initial
business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior
to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Commencing on the date of
the initial public offering through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our
sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. In addition,
our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. 

Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such
payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee
review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors
and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with
identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any
kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any
of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined
company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender
offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on
the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business
will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely
by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

60 

Director Compensation 

None of our directors has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this Form 10-K by: 

each person known by us to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers
and directors; and 

all our executive officers and
directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Form 10-K. 

After Offering 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock(2) 

Executive Officers and Directors: 

Phyllis Newhouse(3)(4) 
 11,800,000 
 28.2 
 
 Grace Vandecruze 

Vincent Stewart 

Lauren Anderson 

Danelle Barrett 

Shawn Henry 

Janice Bryant Howroyd 

Stacey Abrams 

All executive officers and directors as a group (nine individuals) 
 11,800,000 
 28.2 
 
 Five Percent Holders: 

Saba Capital Management, L.P.(5) 4 
 2,500,715 
 8.0 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC(6) 
 2,062,072 
 5.0 
 
 ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC(3)(4) 
 11,800,000 
 28.2 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the
business address of each of the following is 125 Townpark Drive, Suite 300, Kennesaw, GA 30144. 

4 NTD: To determine if Saba remains a 5 or greater stockholder. 

61 

(2) The percentages used herein
are calculated based upon 41,800,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 14, 2023. 

(3) Interests shown consists of
(i) 10,450,000 founder share sand (ii) shares of Class A common stock part of 1,350,000 private placement units. The shares of Class
B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. Each private placement unit consists of one private placement share and one-half of
one private placement warrant. 

(4) ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor
LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Phyllis Newhouse, our Chief Executive Officer, is the managing
member of our sponsor and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor. By virtue
of these relationships, Phyllis Newhouse may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor.
Each of our officers, directors and advisors is, directly or indirectly, a member of our sponsor or have direct or indirect economic
interests in our sponsor, and each of them disclaims any beneficial ownership of any shares held by our sponsor except to the extent
of his or her ultimate pecuniary interest. 

(5) The address of Saba Capital
Management, L.P. is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174 

(6) Based solely on the Schedule
13G filed by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC on February 2, 2023, Highbridge Capital Management, LLC has shared voting and shared
dispositive power over the shares of Class A common stock reported, for which it is the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts.
The address of the business office of Reporting Person is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

After giving effect to the
issuance of founder shares and private placement of the private placement units, our initial stockholder and purchasers of the private
placement units own 28.2 of the outstanding common stock following the offering (assuming that holders of founder shares and purchasers
of the private placement units do not purchase any public shares in the offering or the public market). Because of this ownership block,
our initial stockholders and holders of private placement shares may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters
requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of
significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. The holders of the founder shares and private placement
shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to
redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 

Our sponsor purchased 1,350,000
private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, or 13,350,000 in a private placement that will occurred simultaneously with the
closing of IPO. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of one warrant. Each whole
warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of common stock at 11.50 per share. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees will
not have redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, private placement shares
or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within 18 months from the closing
of the initial public offering or during any extension period. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and private placement shares (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in
connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the completion
of the initial public offering or during any extension period and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within 18 months
from the completion of the initial public offering or during any extension period or if we liquidate prior to the expiration of the 18 month
period or during any extension period. However, our initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public
shares held by them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate within the 18 month period or during any extension
period. 

ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor
LLC, our sponsor, and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under
the federal securities laws. 

62 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On August 30, 2021, our
sponsor paid us 25,000, which we used to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 9,833,333 founder shares. The number of
founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of initial public offering would be a maximum of
28,750,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares
would represent 25 of the outstanding shares (including the private placement shares) after the initial public offering. In connection
with an increase in the size of the offering to a maximum of 30,000,000 units pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in November
2021, we effected a 1.0627119 for 1 stock split of our common stock, so that our sponsor owns an aggregate of 10,450,000 founder shares,
or approximately 25 of the outstanding shares (including the private placement shares) after the initial public offering. 

Our sponsor purchased 1,350,000
private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, or 13,500,000 in a private placement that will occurred simultaneously with the
closing of the initial public offering. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of
one private placement warrant. Each whole private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of common stock at 11.50
per share. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees will not have redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to the founder shares, private placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate
a business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any extension period. The private
placement shares and private placement warrants (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants)
may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination. 

We currently utilize office
space at 125 Townpark Drive, Suite 300, Kennesaw, GA 30144 from our sponsor. Subsequent to the closing of the initial public offering,
we will pay our sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management
team. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest bearing basis. If we
complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from
our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. Except
as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all
rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Any of the foregoing payments
to our sponsor, repayments of loans from our sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

63 

Related Party Policy 

The audit committee of our
board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related
party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions:
(i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed)
the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years
in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party 
had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our
directors, nominees for director or executive officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting
securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any
other person who maybe a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.
Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction,
including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated
third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes
our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be
in the best interests of the company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s
status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present
to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under
the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance
with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion
of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees for professional services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include: 

For the 
year ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 Period from May 20, 
2021 (inception) through December 31, 
2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 102,320 
 69,010 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 102,320 
 69,010 

(1) 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed or to be billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors 

The audit committee is responsible
for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this
responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to
be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm as provided under the audit committee charter. 

64 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

Financial Statements: See
 Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) 
 Exhibits: 

Information in response to
this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit Index to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 20 th day of March, 2023. 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Name: 
 Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The undersigned hereby constitute
and appoint Phyllis W. Newhouse and Grace Vandecruze, and each of them, their true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact with full power
and authority in said agents and attorneys-in-fact, and in any one or more of them, to sign for the undersigned and in their respective
names as Directors and officers of ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp., any amendment or supplement hereto. The undersigned hereby
confirm all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one or more of them, as herein authorized. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Phyllis W. Newhouse 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Phyllis W. Newhouse 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Vincent Stewart 
 
 Chairman, and Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Vincent Stewart 

/s/ Grace Vandecruze 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Grace Vandecruze 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Lauren C. Anderson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Lauren C. Anderson 

/s/ Danelle Barrett 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Danelle Barrett 

/s/ Shawn Henry 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Shawn Henry 

/s/ Janice Bryant Howroyd 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Janice Bryant Howroyd 

/s/ Stacey Abrams 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Stacey Abrams 

66 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on October 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on October 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and among the Company, each of its officers and directors and ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and between the Company and ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, by and among the Company and ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41076) filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

67 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on October 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note issued to ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on October 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.8 
 
 Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and ShoulderUp Technology Sponsor LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on October 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260503) filed on October 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

68 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_shoulderup.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 320,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value
each, including 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, as well
as 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our capital
stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary, it may not
contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit sold in our initial
public offering on November 19, 2021consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the shares of Company s
Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant
holder holds one-half of one warrant to purchase a share of Class A common stock, such warrant will not be exercisable. If a
warrant holder holds one whole warrant, such whole warrant will be exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at a price of
 11.50 per share. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will
need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A common stock and warrants. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless a warrant holder purchased
at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Our sponsor has purchased,
pursuant to a written agreement, an aggregate of 1,350,000 private placement units on November 19, 2021. Each private placement unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share
of common stock at 11.50 per share. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees will not have redemption rights or liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, private placement shares or private placement warrants, which will expire worthless
if we do not consummate a business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or any extended period
of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination including (a) an additional three months for a total of up to 21 months,
by depositing into the trust account an amount equal to 0.10 per unit or (b) for an additional period as a result of a stockholder vote
to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (in each case, an Extension Period ). 

Common Stock 

As of March 2, 2023, 41,800,000 shares of our common
stock are outstanding, consisting of: 

31,350,000 shares of our Class A
common stock; and 

10,450,000 shares of our Class B
common stock, or founder shares. 

After the issuance of founder
shares and private placement of the private placement units, our initial stockholders and purchasers of the private placement units own
approximately 28.2 of the outstanding common stock. 

Stockholders of record are
entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class A common stock and holders
of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required
by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law as the same may be amended from time to time (the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the
affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one
class of directors being elected each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that
the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled
to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter
into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares
of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to
the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the NYSE
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent
in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may
attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of
the DGCL. 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares they hold in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold stockholder votes
and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is
not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires
these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition
companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares
of common stock voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination
even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For
purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval
of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent,
which we refer to as the Excess Shares. , without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a
result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any
founder shares and private placement shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor
of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and private placement
shares, we would need 8,017,040, or 30.25 , of the 26,500,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in
order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, whether they participate
in or abstain from voting, or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed
transaction. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial
stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial stockholders or management team
acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at
a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion
of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares 

The founder shares are designated
as Class B common stock. Except as described below, founder shares and private placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A
common stock included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares and private placement shares
have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares and private placement shares are subject
to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares
they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period or with respect to any other material
provisions relating to stockholders rights (including redemption rights) or pre-initial business combination activity and
(C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any
Extension Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, and (iii) the founder shares are automatically
convertible into Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and
any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

3 

The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a
one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities,
are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial public offering and related to the closing of the initial
business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will
be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with
respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of the total number
of all shares of common stock outstanding (including the private placement shares) upon completion of our initial public offering plus
all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business
combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination,
any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of
loans made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of
any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited
to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation
with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing
which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment is not waived, the issuance
would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders
of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both
classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible,
exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business
combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes
of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar
securities. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our initial holders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier to occur of: (i) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the last reported
sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
our initial business combination; and (iii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation authorizes 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time
to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences,
the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable
to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with
voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have
anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could
have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred
shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you
that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock were issued or registered in our initial public offering. 

4 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. No fractional warrants will
be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless a holder purchases a multiple of two units,
the number of warrants issuable to such holder upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with
respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We are not registering the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 30 days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with
the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
following the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by
the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an
effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In
such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of shares of Class A common
stock per warrant equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by difference between the exercise price of the warrant and the fair market value of our shares
of Class A common stock (defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by the fair market value. The fair
market value in such case shall mean the volume weighted average price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading
days prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

If shares of Class A common
stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act as set forth in the prior paragraph, and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement and will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares of Class A common stock under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

5 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days 
prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported
last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and in connection with certain issuances with an effective price below 9.20 per share
of Class A common stock as further described below) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading
days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the
warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration
or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Class A common stock under the blue sky laws
of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering to the extent not exempt. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common
stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and in connection with certain issuances with an effective price below 9.20 per share of Class A common stock as further
described below) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so
on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, 
our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect
on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If
our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for
that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the product of the number of shares of Class A
common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market
value (defined in the next sentence) by the fair market value. In such case, fair market value shall mean the average
last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the
date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice
of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon
exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will
reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an
attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. 

A holder of a warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

6 

If the number of outstanding
shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of
shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number
of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold
in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of the price per share of Class A common stock paid
in such rights offering divided by the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible
into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be considered
any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market
value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending
on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in
the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into
which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A
common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering
or during any Extension Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such
event. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares
of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately
prior to such adjustment, and the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of
the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

7 

The warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You
should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants to make any change
other than to lower the exercise price of the warrants or extend the duration of the exercise period of the warrants. 

In addition, if we issue
additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance), the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, inclusive of interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
(as defined in the warrant agreement), and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified check payable to the warrant agent, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued
to the warrant holder. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which
the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our
officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same
transfer restrictions) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or their respective permitted transferees.
Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being
sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

8 

Our sponsor has agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any
of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except, among other
limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, as applicable,
each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of
cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors,
officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity,
except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to,
or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies
in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied,
or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies
in the trust account or interest earned thereon. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the
completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common
stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 25 of our common stock as of the date hereof (including the private
shares), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote
in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account
or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period or amend the foregoing provisions; 

9 

Although we do not intend to
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers,
we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our
initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act. Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on the NYSE, we will provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and maintain
a listing for our securities on the NYSE, the NYSE rules require that we must not consummate an initial business combination with one
or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the
deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve
an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public
offering or during any Extension Period, or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights (including
redemption rights) or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to
redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein;
and 

We will not effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees
and commissions. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances,
from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 
or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested
stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested
stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

10 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves
the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the
transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock
outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date
of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders,
and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested
stockholder. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees
arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the
Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in
the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not
have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have
consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision
is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors
and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Additionally, unless we consent
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents.
Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to
enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce these exclusive forum provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in
other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such
exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated
in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions; however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

11 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for
stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 day nor earlier
than the opening of business on the 120 day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders.
Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with
the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Any action required or permitted
to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be
effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors will
initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered
three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may
be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may
be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of
all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled
only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent
Right 

For so long as any shares of
Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our
certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change
the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required
or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding
Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at
a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 41,800,000 shares of
common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 31,500,000 shares of Class A common stock sold as part of units in our initial public
offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A common
stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining founder shares
and all of the outstanding private placement units will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private
transactions not involving a public offering. 

12 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities
provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months
before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months
(or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the
three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within
any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares
of common stock then outstanding; or 

the average weekly reported
trading volume of the Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144
with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under
Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144
by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities
that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities
has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such
shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed
from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not
a shell company. 

As a result, our initial stockholders
will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement units (including component securities contained therein), as applicable,
pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the (i) founder
shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering , (ii) private placement units
(including securities contained therein), which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering, and (iii) private placement-equivalent units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant
to our registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A common stock,
and public warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbol SUAC.U, SUAC, and SUAC.W, respectively. 

13 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Phyllis W. Newhouse, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Name: 
 Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Grace Vandecruze, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Grace Vandecruze 

Name: 
 Grace Vandecruze 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ShoulderUp
Technology Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Phyllis W. Newhouse, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Name: 
 Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ShoulderUp
Technology Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Grace Vandecruze, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Grace Vandecruze 

Name: 
 Grace Vandecruze 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 suac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 suac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 suac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 suac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 suac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

