<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1849548_0001213900-23-025437.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3948077</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>490191</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>791693</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>804447</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>908124</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>853910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025437.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160340
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025437
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Onyx Acquisition Co. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849548
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41003
		FILM NUMBER:		23787465

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-974-2844

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JDS Acquisition Corp I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025437.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_onyxacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one) 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR SECTION 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant ONYXU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants included as part of the Units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share ONYXW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by
persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the Class A ordinary shares
on June 30, 2022, as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), was (based on the closing sales price
of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 10.00). 

As of March 23, 2023, there were 
Class A ordinary shares and no Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares issued
and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 iv 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 17 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 54 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 54 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 54 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 54 

PART II 
 
 55 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 55 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 56 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 56 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 

ITEM 8. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 62 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 62 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 62 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 63 

PART III 
 
 64 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 64 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 74 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 75 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 76 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 79 

PART IV 
 
 80 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 
 80 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 81 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ),
or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

we, us, our, company 
or our company are to Onyx Acquisition Co. I; 

Class A ordinary shares are to our Class A
ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary
shares, 0.0001 par value per share, initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering,
all of which were converted to shares of Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the Voluntary Conversion; 

initial public offering are to our initial
public offering consummated on November 5, 2021; 

initial shareholders are to holders of our
founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team 
are to our officers and directors, and directors are to our current directors; 

Onyx Team are to the Sponsor Affiliate together
with our management team; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary
shares and our Class B ordinary shares, collectively; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants
issued to our sponsor and BTIG, LLC BTIG in private placements simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering and the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares
sold as part of the Units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in
the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our
public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management
team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of our management team s status as a public
shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants
issued as part of each Unit in our initial public offering and which began trading separately on December 10, 2021; 

sponsor are to Onyx Acquisition Sponsor Co.
LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

Sponsor Affiliate are to JDS Development Group,
a real estate development and acquisition firm affiliated with our sponsor and certain members of our management team; 

trust account are to the trust account set
up following our initial public offering with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee; 

Unit are to our Units issued in our initial
public offering, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant; 

U.S. Holder are to beneficial owners of our
Units, Class A ordinary shares or warrant who or that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual who is a citizen or
resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that
is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia; (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust, if (A) a court
within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States
persons (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code )) have authority to control all substantial decision of the trust or (B) it has a valid election in effect under applicable
Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States Person; and 

Voluntary Conversion are to the voluntary conversion,
on January 26, 2023, of all of the outstanding founder shares to Class A ordinary shares at the election of the holders thereof. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements
that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual
results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete an initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective
target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required
in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other
businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination
due to the uncertainty resulting from events such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or significant outbreaks of infectious diseases; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number
of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available
to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;
or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on
our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us
may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are
beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described
under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and
developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements
contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry
in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not
be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

The following is a summary of the principal risks described below
in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Report. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section
are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely
affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read
in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Report. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
public shareholders vote. 

As a result of the Extension Redemptions, our sponsor currently
owns a majority of, and possesses controlling voting power with respect to, our outstanding ordinary shares, which will limit public
shareholders influence on corporate matters, and the sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of our business combination, regardless
of how public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us
to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would not be
consummated and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination
by August 7, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time
we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our business combination
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating
targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase
the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business
combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or
warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary
shares or public warrants. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to
redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

iv 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the
trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public
shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The SEC has issued proposed rules relating to certain activities
of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection
with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a business combination and may make it more difficult to complete
a business combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not
consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until August 7, 2023,
it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to
complete our initial business combination. 

We may engage our underwriter from our initial public offering
or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial
advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as a placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction.
Our underwriter is entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business
combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services
to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

v 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We are an early
stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

On February 19, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of
our offering expenses in consideration for 10,062,500 shares of our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share. In July 2021,
our sponsor returned to us, for no consideration, an aggregate of 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares, which we cancelled, resulting in
an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. On October 4, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000
Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. On November 2, 2021, the company issued an additional 862,500 Class B ordinary
shares to the sponsor by way of the application of amounts standing to the credit share premium account of the company, resulting in there
being an aggregate of 6,612,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

On November 5, 2021, the company consummated its initial public offering
of 26,450,000 Units, including an additional 3,450,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of its over-allotment option,
at 10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole public warrant
exercisable into one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds to the company of 264,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering
and the issuance and sale of the Units, we consummated the private placement of 12,190,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor and
BTIG, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 12,190,000. 

Our Management Team 

Our management team consists of a balanced mix of sophisticated investors
and acclaimed operators with a cumulative 33 years in financial services and 47 years of operating experience. Our management team has
a proprietary network of relationships with entrepreneurs, corporate executives, private equity sponsors, venture and growth equity firms,
family offices and sovereign wealth funds to identify, structure, finance and support the operations of a business combination target.
Members of the management team have extensive experience investing in both challenged companies, as well as companies in high growth stages,
within general industrials and construction technology sectors. We believe this combination of investing and operating expertise will
allow us to successfully identify, and provide an attractive value proposition for, potential business combination targets, and differentiates
us from other blank check companies in the marketplace. 

Competitive Strengths 

Our business selection process will capitalize on the deep experience
and network of our management team in consummating an initial business combination. Our competitive strengths and factors that we believe
will contribute to our ability to source attractive opportunities and execute a transaction include the following: 

Strong Management Team with Unique and Complementary Backgrounds : Our management team comprises individuals with the extensive
operational, financial and managerial experience needed to effectively navigate the key opportunities and challenges, with deep market
knowledge through public private investment and executive leadership experiences. We are confident our management team s distinguished
and unique experiences will position our company as a preferred acquiror of attractive assets and enable us to identify, evaluate and
execute a successful business combination and create significant value to stakeholders. 

1 

Proven Operational Leadership Experience : Led by Mr. Stern, who has almost 20 years of experience as the founder and CEO of
JDS Development Group, our management team has proven abilities in continuously implementing growth and successful operational strategies
in building their profitable businesses to scale. Additionally, Mr. Stern has extensive experience in advising other operators including:
start-ups, and emerging and mature companies executives and board members. We believe that these qualities are unique and will
be crucial in identifying targets with unlocked stakeholder value. 

Extensive Financial Services Experience : Our financial stewardship is led by Messrs. Lerner and Vodola, who have a combined
33 years of experience in the financial services industry, most recently as investment analysts at Citadel, one of the most sophisticated
investment firms in the world. They bring specific expertise from their experience investing in both troubled companies with strong inherent
fundamental value and in disruptive companies with growth capital needs. Messrs. Lerner and Vodola have invested widely across industries
and parts of the capital structure, as well as in numerous different countries, which requires additional skills in analyzing macroeconomic,
political, complicated regulatory and other cross-border risks. We believe their investment experience will be instrumental in finding
and properly conducting due diligence on a target company. 

Differentiated Deal Sourcing Capabilities : Our management team s positioning as distinguished operators as well as investment
professionals with a significant network of company relationships, uniquely positions the Onyx Team to leverage deal flow 
from attractive potential targets. For example, in the real estate and construction space, Mr. Stern has excellent access to growth-stage
companies and, most importantly, the expertise to evaluate the credibility of the product, technology, or service that these companies
are offering . We believe that our management team s substantive deal sourcing, structuring and execution experience will
be instrumental in facilitating an initial business combination. 

Relevant Transactional Experience : The Onyx Team has been actively involved in tens of billions of dollars of transactions
across a broad spectrum of sectors globally, including mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity financings, distressed situations, debt
restructurings, spin-offs, secured and unsecured re-financings, and real estate acquisitions and divestitures. We believe this wealth
of experience is a key asset that we intend to leverage in our evaluation and execution of attractive business combination opportunities. 

Leveraging Diverse Executive Networks : We believe our management team s extensive and diverse network of relationships
with CEOs, founders, family owners, venture capitalists and private equity sponsors will be a key asset in sourcing an initial business
combination. 

Uniquely Additive Board Members : Our board members were carefully and are representatives of sophisticated financial institutions
whose networks and relationships will help serve as a platform of potential targets, or individuals with unique experience that we believe
will be instrumental in finding attractive targets. We believe the expertise of our board members and, where applicable, their respective
institutions, will be a material advantage in helping us identify attractive potential targets and executing a successful business combination. 

2 

Business Strategy and Acquisition Criteria 

We intend to leverage what we believe is a competitive advantage in
sourcing potential targets that will materially benefit from our unique expertise and where we are best situated to augment the value
of the business following the completion of the initial business combination. We believe we can provide several significant benefits to
potential targets and public market investors that can potentially lead to attractive long-term risk-adjusted returns in the public markets. 

We are confident that the Onyx Team is well positioned to identify
unique opportunities. Our selection process will leverage a broad and deep network of relationships, diverse set of industry expertise
and proven deal sourcing capabilities of our management team, who bring an array of expertise. Given our profile and thematic approach,
we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, as well as the Sponsor
Affiliate. We also believe that the Sponsor Affiliate s reputation, experience and track record will supplement our management team s
vast connections and capabilities and will make us a preferred partner for these potential targets. 

Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general
criteria and guidelines to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may, however, decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe: 

can benefit from the extensive networks and expertise we have developed; 

are ready to operate in the scrutiny of public markets, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; 

will likely be well received by public investors and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile
that is associated with being a publicly traded company; 

are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, innovation to develop new products or services,
improvement of financial performance or growth through a business combination; 

have significant embedded and/or underexploited expansion opportunities; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market based on our company-specific
analysis and due diligence review. For a potential target company, this process will include, among other things, a review and analysis
of the company s capital structure, quality of earnings, potential for operational improvements, corporate governance, customers,
material contracts, and industry background and trends; and 

will offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders. Financial returns will be evaluated based on (1) the potential
for organic growth in cash flows, (2) the ability to accelerate growth, including through the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and
(3) the prospects for creating value through other value creation initiatives. Potential upside from growth in the target business 
earnings and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks. 

We may use other criteria and guidelines as well. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations,
factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. If we decide to enter an initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that fact in our shareholder communications related to the acquisition.
As discussed elsewhere in this prospectus, this would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we
would file with the SEC. 

3 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct a thorough
due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with management and employees, document reviews, inspection of
facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. Additionally,
members of our management team and of our board of directors have significant executive management and public company experience and,
accordingly, have developed a deep network of contacts and relationships that will provide us with an important source of acquisition
opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that opportunities will be brought to our attention by various unaffiliated sources, including
investment banks, private equity groups, consultants, accounting firms and other investment market participants. We are not prohibited
from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or from an independent valuation, appraisal
or accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own founder
shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, certain
of our executive officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if
the retention or resignation of any such executive officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them
in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she may be required to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity before we can pursue such opportunity. We expect that if an opportunity is presented to one of our officers or directors
in his or her capacity as an officer or director of one of those other entities, such opportunity would be presented to such other entity
and not to us. To address the matters set out above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, our interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in any business
combination opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and our sponsor and another entity, including any entities managed
by our sponsor or its affiliates and any companies in which our sponsor or such entities have invested or about which any of our officers
or directors acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, our amended
and restated articles of association will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such
persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to our company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware
of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity. 

Certain of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual
duties to the Sponsor Affiliate and its affiliates and to certain companies in which Sponsor Affiliate has invested. As a result, certain
of our officers and directors will have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to certain investment vehicles managed by Sponsor Affiliate
before we can pursue such opportunities. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our
search for an initial business combination. We believe this conflict of interest will be naturally mitigated, to some extent, by the differing
nature of the acquisition targets Sponsor Affiliate typically considers most attractive for the investment vehicles it manages and the
types of acquisitions we expect to find most attractive. Sponsor Affiliate s traditional private equity activities typically involve
investing in private companies, and while Sponsor Affiliate will often take companies public, it typically invests in those entities several
years prior to an initial public offering, not at the time of such offering. As a result, we may become aware of a potential transaction
that is not a fit for the traditional private equity activities of Sponsor Affiliate, but that is an attractive opportunity for us. 

4 

Extension of Date to Consummate an Initial Business Combination 

On January 26, 2023, the company held an extraordinary general meeting
of shareholders (the Meeting at which the company s shareholders approved two proposals to amend the company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The first proposal extended the date by which the company has to consummate
a business combination from February 5, 2023 to August 7, 2023 (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). The second proposal removed
the limitation that the company shall not redeem Class A ordinary shares included as part of the Units sold in its initial public offering
(including any shares issued in exchange thereof) to the extent that such redemption would cause the company s net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal ). 

Based on the results of the Meeting, our sponsor agreed to contribute
(each such contribution, a Contribution into the trust account the lesser of (x) an aggregate of 120,000 or (y) 0.035
per share for each public share that was not redeemed at the Meeting for each monthly period until August 7, 2023 (commencing on February
7, 2023 and ending on the 7th day of each subsequent month), or portion thereof, that is needed by the company to complete its initial
business combination. In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal, 22,239,972 Class A ordinary shares were redeemed
(the Extension Redemptions and 4,210,028 Class A ordinary shares were not redeemed. As a result, the aggregate monthly
Contribution payable by the sponsor to us is 120,000. 

On February 7, 2023, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount
of up to 720,000 to our sponsor (the Extension Note ), evidencing our indebtedness with respect to the Contributions (the
 Extension Loans ). The Extension Loans are unsecured and non-interest bearing, and will be repayable by the company upon
consummation of an initial business combination. If the company does not consummate an initial business combination by August 7, 2023,
the Extension Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

On January 26, 2023, in connection with Meeting, the holders of the
company s founder shares converted all of their Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions,
such holders will not be entitled to receive any monies held in the trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion of the founder shares. 

Initial Business Combination 

So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial
business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this
as the 80 of net assets test. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal
firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or
experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s
assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction
involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or
necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business
meets the 80 of net assets test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the
consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if
required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed
transaction will include such opinion. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a
majority of our independent directors. 

5 

The company is in advanced discussions with Helios Investment Partners
about a potential business combination which would result in the creation of a new publicly listed energy transition infrastructure platform,
Helios Energy Transition Infrastructure HETI ), focused on the development of natural gas and low-carbon energy infrastructure
businesses and assets in Africa (the Proposed Transaction ). HETI currently owns and is developing a portfolio of strategic
infrastructure assets and businesses delivering the energy transition in Africa. This portfolio spans the natural gas, LNG and power value
chain comprising liquefaction, storage, regasification, pipeline infrastructure and power plants, supplying gas and power to over 200
industrial customers and utilities across Africa on a long-term contracted basis. The portfolio supports the displacement of expensive
and polluting coal and liquid fuels with cleaner, more affordable natural gas in its target markets. In addition, HETI is developing a
pipeline of low-carbon fuel (blue and green hydrogen) and renewable/low-carbon power projects which will utilize best-in-class partnerships
and technology to take advantage of Africa s renewable resource advantage and proximity to global end markets to support the global
Net Zero ambition. The company intends to announce additional details regarding the potential business combination if and when a definitive
agreement is executed. Currently, there is no binding agreement with respect to the Proposed Transaction, and negotiations remain subject
to significant contingencies, including the completion of due diligence, the negotiation and execution of a mutually acceptable definitive
agreement, confirmation and documentation of fully committed financing, and requisite shareholder approvals. There can be no assurances
that the company will successfully negotiate a definitive agreement, or that the Proposed Transaction will be consummated. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that
the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests
or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business
combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives
of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more
than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition,
we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.
If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net
assets test. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company
or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we
cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public
offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target
business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding
company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of
the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company
than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than
the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses and market and other uncertainties in the initial
public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to
the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

6 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the
target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability
to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have
negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for
acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers
and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management team s
backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company,
such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are
eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that
an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of
this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c)
in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements and, if their revenues are less than 100 million, not providing
an independent registered public accounting firm attestation on internal control over financial reporting. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal
quarter of that year. 

Financial Position 

We expect to complete our initial business combination using our cash,
debt or equity securities, third-party financing (for example, a private placement of our securities), or a combination of the foregoing,
which will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken
any steps to secure third-party financing, and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

7 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations
for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of
our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may
enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt,
or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business
combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust
account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial
business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability
to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop
arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising
any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms,
consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources
as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they
think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of
businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business
candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may
have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities
that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). An affiliate of our sponsor has agreed to provide members of our management team with office space, secretarial and administrative
support at no cost and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an
initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business
combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used
as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 

8 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent valuation, appraisal
or accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Management may also recuse
themselves from investment discussions of companies that are affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them
in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our
sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to honor such fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity before we can pursue such opportunity. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our
Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive
due diligence review to seek to determine a company s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among
other things, multiple meetings with incumbent management, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, consultations with
relevant industry experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of additional information
that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. Additionally, we will likely hire outside accountants to do quality
of earnings reviews and may hire outside consultants to analyze market trends. We will also utilize our management team s operational
and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate
the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure
and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business
with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds
we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or
their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed
not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the
completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase any ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption
and not withdrawn. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder
must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business
combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder
has properly elected to redeem its shares if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team
have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August
7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 

9 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Prior to the Meeting, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provided that we would in no event redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001. At the Meeting, our shareholders approved the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal, which removed this limitation
from the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, the proposed business combination may require:
(i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other
general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business
combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class
A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with
a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek
shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will
be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer
(which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases
would not typically require shareholder approval, while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder
vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. 

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law or applicable stock exchange rules require
a higher vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. In such case,
our sponsor and each member of our management team, in their capacity as members of the company, will count toward this quorum and have
agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will be
present if the holders of one-third of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are present in person or by proxy
and, for purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business
combination once a quorum is obtained. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum
under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our
founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of
our sponsor, officers and directors, will make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition,
our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business
combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares. 

10 

If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold
a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same
financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of
the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if
we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance
with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will
not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender
offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public
shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business
combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial
Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares
are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By
limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior
consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

11 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender
Offer or the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether
they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any)
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve
the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the
requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would
have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior
to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to
tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption
rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check
companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute
proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed
business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After
the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination,
during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price,
he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option 
rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable
once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any
time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise
agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public
shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial
business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption
rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly
return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until August 7, 2023. 

12 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial
Business Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that we will have only until August 7, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business
combination by August 7, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of
the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
to consummate an initial business combination by August 7, 2023. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands to commence the
voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by August 7, 2023 (although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to
a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot
satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at
such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any
executive officer, director, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,550,000 held outside
the trust account immediately following our initial public offering, plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to
us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account and any tax payments or
expenses for the dissolution of the trust, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments
or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.20.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority
than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
will not be less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient funds to
pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

13 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they
will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust
account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims
challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including
the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the
trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with
a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more
beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver
include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP Marcum will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the
trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the
trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party,
our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor will be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors, the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less
than 10.20 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to
indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and
it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust
account could be liable for claims made by creditors. However, such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust
account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.20 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

14 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August
7, 2023, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii)
if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem
their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled
to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated
an initial business combination by August 7, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances
will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result
in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have
also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our
initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including
other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability
to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage
in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who
exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants,
and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 104 5 th Avenue,
New York, New York 10011. An affiliate of our sponsor has agreed to provide members of our management team with office space, secretarial
and administrative services at no cost. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Website 

We maintain a corporate website at www.onyxacqu.com. Our website and
information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered
part of, this Report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. 

Employees 

We currently have four officers. These individuals are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in.
We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported
on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

15 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America GAAP ), or International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS ), depending on the circumstances,
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any
particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance
with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not
be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal
controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such acquisition. 

On November 2, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A
with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and
regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations
under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman
Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempt from complying with certain provisions
of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received, a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government
that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date
of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciation
will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciation or which is in
the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii)
by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders
or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities,
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c)
in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements and, if their revenues are less than 100 million, not providing
an independent registered public accounting firm attestation on internal control over financial reporting. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal
quarter of that year. 

16 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report and the final
prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We are a blank check company with no operating history
and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company established under the laws of the Cayman
Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our
initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction
was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, approximately
61.1 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may, from time to time, purchase Class A
ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that,
if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law or applicable stock exchange rules require a higher
vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. In such case, our sponsor
and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of one-third of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting
are present in person or by proxy and, for purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, the sponsor would have the ability to approve any
initial business combination without the participation of public shareholders. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders, independent directors and management team to vote in favor of our initial
business combination will allow us to obtain the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

17 

Your opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with
an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business
combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination,
unless we seek such shareholder approval. Even if we seek such shareholder approval, our sponsor will be able to approve an initial business
combination without the support of public shareholders. Accordingly, your opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
business combination will be limited to exercising your redemption rights. 

As a result of the Extension Redemptions, the sponsor currently
owns a majority of, and possesses controlling voting power with respect to, our outstanding ordinary shares, which will limit public shareholders 
influence on corporate matters. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of the business combination, regardless of how public
shareholders vote. 

As a result of the Extension Redemptions, our sponsor owns and is entitled
to vote an aggregate of approximately 61.1 of our outstanding ordinary shares, which represents a majority of outstanding ordinary shares.
As such, our sponsor has the ability to control our affairs outright through the election and removal of the entire board of directors
and all other matters requiring shareholder approval, including a future business combination, merger or consolidation of the company,
or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated control limits our public float and could discourage others from
initiating any such potential merger, consolidation or sale or other change-of-control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to
our stockholders. Furthermore, this concentrated control will limit the practical effect of your participation in corporate matters, through
shareholder votes and otherwise. 

In addition, our sponsor has agreed to vote its shares in favor of
an initial business combination. These shares are sufficient to approve an initial business combination and all other proposals being
presented at the relevant meeting. Accordingly, if and when we present an initial business to our shareholders for a vote, we expect to
be able to obtain the necessary shareholder approval for such business combination and other proposals, even if our public shareholders
vote against the business combination and such proposals. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for
us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be
able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not
be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination, and such amount of deferred underwriting discount
is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination,
the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting
commissions. 

18 

In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal,
shareholders holding 22,239,972 Class A ordinary shares (after giving effect to withdrawals of redemptions) exercised their right to redeem
such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 230.6 million (approximately 10.36
per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such redeeming holders. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal,
shareholders holding 22,239,972 Class A ordinary shares (after giving effect to withdrawals of redemptions) exercised their right to redeem
such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 230.6 million (approximately 10.36
per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such redeeming holders. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination,
we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore, will need to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party
financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher
than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to
us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted
for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission, and after such redemptions,
the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a
portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would
not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market however, at such time, our shares may trade at a discount to
the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the
benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption of our public shares until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares
in the open market. 

Because our trust account will initially contain 10.20
per Class A ordinary share, public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Our trust account will initially contain 10.20 per Class A ordinary
share. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies for which the trust account will only contain 10.00
per Class A ordinary share. As a result of the additional funds that could be available to public shareholders upon redemption of public
shares, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares and not to hold those Class A ordinary shares through
our initial business combination. A higher percentage of redemptions by our public shareholders could make it more difficult for us to
complete our initial business combination. 

19 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business
combination by August 7, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit
the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our business
combination deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination by August, 7, 2023. Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target
business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct
due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may seek business combination opportunities in industries
or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider an initial business combination outside of our management s
area of expertise if an initial business combination target is presented to us, and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive
business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We
also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct
investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an initial business
combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise
would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our
initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination
by August 7, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares
and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate
an initial business combination by August 7, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted
by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. Other than in connection
with a redemption offer or liquidation, our shareholders may be unable to recover their investment except through sales of our shares
on the open market. The price of our shares may be volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will be able to dispose of
our shares at favorable prices, or at all. 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such
applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to
the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands to commence the voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per public share, or less
than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

20 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could
increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies
that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered
into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial
business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be
available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become
scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions including between the U.S. and China and
Russia s invasion of Ukraine, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets
post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate
an initial business combination and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our
investors altogether. 

We may engage our underwriter from our initial public offering
or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, which may include acting as financial
advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as a placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction.
Our underwriter is entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business
combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services
to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

We may engage our underwriter from our initial public offering or one
of its affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, identifying potential
targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may
pay our underwriter from our initial public offering or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred commission that is conditioned
on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriter s or its affiliates financial interests tied to the
consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services
to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

Since our initial public offering, the market for directors and officers
liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance
companies are offering quotes for director and officer liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased
and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination
entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and
officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

21 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and executive officers, the post-business combination
entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public
shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class
A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants our initial shareholders, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, other
than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated
any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants
in such transactions. 

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive
officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already
elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to vote in favor of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in
an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. The purpose of any such purchases of public
warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant
holders for approval in connection with our business combination. We expect that any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to
redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity
to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with
in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares
may not be redeemed. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

22 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public
share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those
of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If
we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced, and
the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until August 7,
2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial
business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search
and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants, as of December 31, 2022, only 377,525 is available to us outside the trust account to fund our working
capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans
from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least August 7, 2023 
however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under
no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down
payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular
proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we
paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to surrender such funds (whether as a
result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect
to, a target business. 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such
advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business
combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our
management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently,
our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other
risk factors herein. 

23 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public
share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of
the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by August, 7, 2023, or
upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment
of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the
per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust
account due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors,
in order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any
claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i)
 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective
target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our
initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able
to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of
your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public share. 

24 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest
extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent
they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided
will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial
business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of
derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our
shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and
damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in
the trust account could bear a very low or negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of
taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per share. 

The net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants are invested only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or
less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations
currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe
and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the
possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount
of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced and in the event of negative yields, the value
of the assets held in trust would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the
balance of the trust account is reduced as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for
distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages
by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

25 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

The SEC has issued proposed rules relating to certain activities
of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection
with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a business combination and may make it more difficult to complete
a business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the company at an earlier time
than we might otherwise choose. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule
Proposals that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving
SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving
such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed
in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business
combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment
as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and
activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could
impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. 

Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination
target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed
in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing a business combination, and may make it more
difficult to complete a business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the company
at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes
of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely
restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate a business combination and liquidate the company. 

As described further above, the SPAC Rule Proposals relate, among other
matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as the company could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations
thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period
to announce and complete a business combination. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a
company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination
no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering (the IPO Registration
Statement ). A SPAC would then be required to complete a business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of
the IPO Registration Statement. 

26 

Because the SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted, there is
currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that has not
entered into a definitive agreement within 18 months after the effective date of its IPO Registration Statement or that does not complete
its initial business combination within 24 months. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating
as an unregistered investment company, although we hold and intend to continue to hold the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and
the simultaneous private placement in a non-interest-bearing trust account (see We do not intend to continue to invest the proceeds
held in the trust account in interest-bearing securities, which will limit the interest income available for payment of taxes and dissolution
expenses or for distribution to public shareholders below). If we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance
with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to
additional burdensome regulatory requirements and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, if we are deemed an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may abandon our efforts to consummate a business combination and instead liquidate the company. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and
application may also change from time to time, including, without limitation, the SPAC Rule Proposals discussed above, and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable
laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate
and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public
shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of approximately 18,000 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

27 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the
consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we
are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq.
There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we
hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs
with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed each year and
each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as
holders of Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after
the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except
that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached
any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any
particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the
extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which
we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although
our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we
will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable
to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders
who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the
breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring
a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination
contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating
prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not
have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of
these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria
and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing
condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less than such amount in
certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

28 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained,
our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference
shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize
the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 23, 2023, there are 489,177,472 and
50,000,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount
does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, if any. There are no preference shares
issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants. However, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or
(ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion
of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional
Class A ordinary shares or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A ordinary shares; 

29 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things,
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately 10.20 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less than
such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or
its affiliates may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. 

JDS Development Group and its affiliates manage several investment
vehicles. Investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or its affiliates may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If
these investment vehicles decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment
ideas generated within JDS Development Group, including by Michael Stern and other persons who may make decisions for the company, may
be suitable for both us and for a current or future investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or its affiliates and may be
directed to such investment vehicles rather than to us, subject to applicable fiduciary duties. Neither JDS Development Group nor members
of our management team or our directors who are also employed by JDS Development Group have any obligation to present us with any opportunity
for a potential business combination of which they become aware solely in their capacities as officers or managing directors of JDS Development
Group. 

30 

JDS Development Group and/or our management, in their capacities as
officers or managing directors of JDS Development Group or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations
to the related entities described above, current or future investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or its affiliates, or
third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to applicable fiduciary duties. In addition, JDS Development Group
or its affiliates may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination, and members of our management team or our directors may participate in such blank check companies. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, which
may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and
directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors.
Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. They may also have investments in target businesses. Our sponsor,
officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are
seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we are not
specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority
of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
that is a member of FINRA or from an independent valuation, appraisal or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a
financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive
officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not
be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Members of our management team and board of directors have
significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have
been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise.
The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming and could divert our management s attention, and may have an
adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During the course of their careers, members of our management team
and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies.
As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become
involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions
entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Individual members of our management team and board of directors also may become involved
in litigation, investigations or other proceedings involving claims or allegations related to or as a result of their personal conduct,
either in their capacity as a corporate officer or director or otherwise, and may be personally named in such actions and potentially
subject to personal liability. Any such liability may or may not be covered by insurance and/or indemnification, depending on the facts
and circumstances. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming. Any litigation, investigations or other proceedings
and the potential outcomes of such actions may divert the attention and resources of our management team and board of directors away from
identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation,
which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

31 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they
may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On February 19, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.002
per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 10,062,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to
the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. In July 2021, our
sponsor returned to us, for no consideration an aggregate of 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares, which we canceled, resulting in an aggregate
of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. In October 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 Class B ordinary
shares to each of our independent directors. On November 2, 2021, the company issued an additional 862,5000 Class B ordinary shares to
the sponsor by way of the application of amounts standing to the credit of the share premium account of the company, resulting in there
being an aggregate of 6,612,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing
the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. 

On January 26, 2023, the holders of our founder shares converted all
of their Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions, such holders will not be entitled to receive
any monies held in the trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of the founder
shares. These shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and BTIG purchased
12,190,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. If
we do not consummate an initial business combination by August, 7, 2023, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal
and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This
risk may become more acute as August 7, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and
thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business
combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver
of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, we do not expect any issuance
of debt to affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our
debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach
certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

32 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for
dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements,
execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt; and 

reducing the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders to less than 10.20 per public share. See - If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target
business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to our initial business combination. 

33 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are
owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business
combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent
assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to
adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high
degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex
companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that
our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we
anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large
complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of
the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

We may be able to complete our initial business combination even though
a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all
Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

34 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders
may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies
have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example,
blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate
an initial business combination, and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged
for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require a special resolution
of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least a two-thirds 2 / 3 majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, extending the time in which we have to complete an initial business combination
will require the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of our voting power that vote at a meeting, and amending our warrant agreement
will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the
then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to
provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August, 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally
change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part, we would
register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution under Cayman Islands law,
which requires the approval of the holders of at least a two-thirds 2 / 3 majority (or such higher threshold as
specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It will be possible for us,
therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business
combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders,
without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically
requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of our initial public offering and the placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified
circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution
under Cayman Islands law, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may
be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares provided that the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may
only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting.
Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 61.1 
of our outstanding ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than
some other blank check companies, and this would allow us to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

35 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant
to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by August, 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such
amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number
of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as
a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers and directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot
ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion
of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders
who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in
connection with our initial business combination, we expect to be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business
combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment
may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable
when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that
particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less than such amount
in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not
need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be
audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

36 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing a business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and
report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the
independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that
we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business
combination. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable
financial reports and prevent fraud. As described in Part II, Item 9A, management has concluded that, due to the material weakness we
have identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. If we identify
any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a
misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements.
In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in
addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price
may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will
be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

We have a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Management concluded that there was a
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 relating to the accounting for accruals. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable
financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred and expect to continue to
incur costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an
initial business combination will be successful. If we are unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete
a business combination by August 7, 2023 then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the our ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue
as a going concern. 

37 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of
your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with
which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it
would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business
and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets,
restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence
successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent
with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition,
charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing
debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an initial business combination
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of an initial business combination target s key
personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel
upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members
of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place and may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of an initial business combination target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a
target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess
the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business
combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient
for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this
case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary
shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares
subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single
person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more
likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of
control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such
business. 

38 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of
our shareholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to retain their securities following
the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

Risks Related to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside
of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a
foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price
based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers, including the impact of ongoing trade wars between the United States and foreign countries; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

39 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations
might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

40 

We may migrate to or merge with and into another entity
in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such migration or merger may result in taxes imposed on
shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject
to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is
located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We
do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may
be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

We may migrate to or merge with and into another entity
in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all
of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate
the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under
any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding
regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies,
including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are
publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and
regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of
management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business
may be harmed. 

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign
from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar
with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations. 

41 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause
a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income
would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely
affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected
by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting
currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial
condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that
we are able to consummate such transaction. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all
of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination, and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals
and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers
and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
Moreover, certain of our officers and directors have time and attention requirements for investment vehicles of which Sponsor Affiliate
and its affiliates are the investment managers. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any
of our directors or officers. 

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

42 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions
following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place.
While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our
assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company
regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the officers and directors of a business combination candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of a business combination candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of a business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the business combination candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of a business combination candidate will not
wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and, as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the
completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation
a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into prior to the closing of our initial public offering,
our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment
to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will
not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. Certain of our executive officers are engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or
she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours
per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

43 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and
any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including other blank check companies,
and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to
engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, certain of our officers
and directors, including Michael Stern, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us. 

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not
be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation
to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce, to the maximum extent permitted by law,
our interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in any business combination opportunity which may be
a corporate opportunity for both us and our sponsor and another entity, including any entities managed by our sponsor or its affiliates
and any companies in which our sponsor or such entities have invested or about which any of our officers or directors acquires knowledge
and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, our amended and restated articles of association
contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation
or duty to our company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present
such business opportunity. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend
to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers
may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of
interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in the company s
best interests. If this were the case, and the directors fail to act in accordance with their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. 

44 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with
those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination by August, 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination
by August, 7, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust
account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business
combination by August, 7, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust
account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants,
potentially at a loss. 

The Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its
exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our securities are currently listed on the Nasdaq. However, we cannot
assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In
order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and share price levels. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate
compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements,
in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial
listing requirements at that time. If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list
our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this
were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class
A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

45 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares
and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities,
the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having
used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder
the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would
not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts
may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the
Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against
the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are
to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively
limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority,
but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United
States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states,
such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies
may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts
of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the
Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although
there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will
recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the
principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment
has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be
final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands
judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of
which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held
to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought
elsewhere. 

46 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

After our initial business combination, it is possible
that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United
States therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States.
As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to
effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil
liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares. These provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve
payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Because of the number of Class A ordinary shares received
by our sponsor upon the conversion of the founder shares, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the
meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Because of the number of Class A ordinary shares received by our sponsor
upon the conversion of the founder shares, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the
Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting
power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain
corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; 

47 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board, by our independent directors or by a nominating committee of our board
that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter or resolution addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with
the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize
some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all
of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants.
As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class
A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions
of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or to
cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, or (ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions
arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem
to not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of the warrants. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i)
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities
Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

48 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement.
If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other
than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions
(an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action
by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified
types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and
resources of our management and board of directors. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class
A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00
per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our management s ability to require holders of our
warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise
of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

If we call our public warrants for redemption, our management will
have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any private placement warrants) to do so on a cashless
basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary
shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrants for cash. This
will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

49 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any
time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price
of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the
third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. We may not redeem
the warrants when a holder may not exercise such warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your
warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at
the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which,
at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.
None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price
of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 6,612,500 Class A ordinary shares as
part of the Units offered by our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued
in a private placement an aggregate of 12,190,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working
capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price
of 1.00 per warrant. 

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to
effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise
of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the
business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of
acquiring the target business. 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in
place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on
a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed that, as soon as practicable after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants
expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent
a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus relating to our initial public offering,
the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop
order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements,
we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption
from registration is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. We may not redeem the warrants when a holder may not
exercise such warrants. However, there may be instances in which holders of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public
warrants but holders of our private warrants may be able to exercise such private warrants. 

50 

An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if
the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws
of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue
Class A ordinary shares unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be
exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside,
the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be
sold. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for
a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity
in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result,
if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company
of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially
reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial
business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make
it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to the registration rights agreement entered into in connection
with our initial public offering, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary
shares received upon conversion of the founder shares, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of
such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult
to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities
owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

51 

General Risk Factors 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently formed company, incorporated under the laws of the
Cayman Islands, with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable
to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating
revenues. 

Past performance by our management team or their respective
affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes
only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability
to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You
should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance
of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating
special purpose acquisition companies. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result
in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure
and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to
corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without
significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient
resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any
of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target with
which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the status of
debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of
other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the economies and financial markets worldwide,
potentially including the business of any potential target business with which we intend to consummate a business combination. Furthermore,
we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to
have meetings with potential investors or make it impossible or impractical to negotiate and consummate a transaction with the target
company s personnel, vendors and service providers in a timely manner, if at all. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our search
for a business combination will depend on future developments, which continue to be uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the actions
to contain emerging variants of COVID-19 or their impacts, among others. While vaccines for COVID-19 have been developed, there is no
guarantee that such vaccines will be durable. If any treatment or vaccine for COVID-19 and any potentially emerging variants is ineffective
or underutilized, any impact on our business may be prolonged. The disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other public health emergencies, diseases
or matters of global concern could materially adversely affect our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of
a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. 

52 

Global or regional conditions may adversely affect our
business and our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions periodically
occur, including recession or slowing growth, changes, or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary or trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter
credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses, increases in unemployment and lower consumer confidence and spending. Adverse
changes in economic conditions can harm global business and adversely affect our ability to consummate our initial business combination.
Such adverse changes could result from geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, political
instability, human rights concerns and terrorist activity, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and public health issues (including
the COVID-19 pandemic), supply chain interruptions, new or revised export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions
and tariffs or other global or regional occurrences. 

In particular, in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the
United States, the European Union, and several other countries are imposing far-reaching sanctions and export control restrictions on
Russian entities and individuals. This rising conflict and the resulting market volatility could adversely affect global economic, political
and market conditions. Additionally, tensions between the United States and China have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions.
The United States has imposed economic sanctions on certain Chinese individuals and entities and restrictions on the export of U.S.-regulated
products and technology to certain Chinese technology companies. These and other global and regional conditions may adversely impact our
business and our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC within the meaning of section 1297(a) of the Code,
for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants,
such U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status
for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular
circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will
qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable
year or any subsequent taxable year. Our PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable
year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information
as the Internal Revenue Service may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make
and maintain a qualified electing fund election within the meaning of section 1295 of the Code, but there can be no assurance
that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases.
We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting
company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive
to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, in which case we would no longer
be an emerging growth company as of the following end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

53 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an
election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt
the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out
of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements and, if their revenues are less than 100 million, not providing
an independent registered public accounting firm attestation on internal control over financial reporting. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter
of that year. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements
with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are located at 104 5 th Avenue, New
York, New York 10011, and our telephone number is (212) 974-3600. An affiliate of our sponsor provides members of our management team
with office space, secretarial and administrative services at no cost. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation
currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

54 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market Information 

Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on
Nasdaq under the symbol ONYXU , ONYX and ONYXW respectively. 

Our Units commenced public trading on November 2, 2021. Our Class A
ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on December 10, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On March 23, 2023, there was 1 holder of record of our Units,
5 holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, no holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and 1 holders of record of our
public warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On February 19, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of
our offering expenses on our behalf in in consideration of 10,062,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share. The number
of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the total outstanding
equity after our initial public offering. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In July 2021, our sponsor returned to us, for no consideration, an aggregate
of 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares, which we canceled, resulting in an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding and
held by our sponsor. In October 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. On
November 2, 2021, the company issued an additional 862,500 Class B ordinary shares to the sponsor by way of the application of amounts
standing to the credit of the share premium account of the company, resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,612,500 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding. 

55 

Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation
D under the Securities Act. The sole business of our sponsor was to act as our sponsor in connection with our initial public offering. 

On November 5, 2021, the company consummated its initial public offering
of 26,450,000 Units, which includes the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase up to an additional 3,450,000 Units to
cover over-allotments at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 264,500,000, and incurring offering costs of 16,608,500, inclusive
of 11,270,000 in deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant.
Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering,
we consummated the private placement of 12,190,000 private placement warrants (including 690,000 private placement warrants purchased
in connection with the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) to our sponsor and BTIG, at a price of 1.00 per private
placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 12,190,000. These issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Each private
placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50. The private placement warrants
(including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

On January 26, 2023, the holders of the company s Class B ordinary
shares, including our sponsor, converted all of their Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions,
such holders will not be entitled to receive any monies held in the trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion of the founder shares. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
which are contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth
below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor
Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company on February 2, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a business combination ). We are an early stage and
emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

56 

The registration statement for our initial public offering (the IPO was declared effective on November 2, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On November 5, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 26,450,000
Units, which includes the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase up to an additional 3,450,000 Units at the IPO price
to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one public warrant, each whole public warrant
entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The
Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 264,500,000. 

Simultaneous with the consummation of the IPO and the issuance and
sale of the Units, we consummated the private placement of 12,190,000 private placement warrants (including 690,000 private placement
warrants purchased in connection with the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option) at a price of 1.00 per private placement
warrant, generating total proceeds of 12,190,000. The private placement warrants, which were purchased by our sponsor and BTIG, LLC BTIG ),
are identical to the public warrants, except that if held by the sponsor or BTIG or their permitted transferees, they are, subject to
certain limited exceptions, subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of our initial business combination.
Additionally, the private placement warrants held by BTIG are subject to the lock-up and registration rights limitations imposed by FINRA
Rule 5110 and may not be exercised after five years from November 2, 2021. 

Upon the closing of our IPO and the private placement, 269,790,000
has been placed in the trust account, representing the redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the initial public offering,
at their redemption value of 10.20 per share. 

If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination by August
7, 2023 (the Combination Period ), then we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to the company to pay income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in
all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect
to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the company fails to complete its initial business combination within the Combination
Period. 

On January 18, 2023, the company announced that it is in advanced discussions
with Helios Investment Partners about a potential business combination which would result in the creation of a new publicly listed energy
transition infrastructure platform, Helios Energy Transition Infrastructure HETI ), focused on the development of natural
gas and low-carbon energy infrastructure businesses and assets in Africa (the Proposed Transaction ). The Proposed Transaction
is expected to be valued at an Enterprise Value of approximately 1 billion, and the company is targeting completion of the merger in
the second half of 2023. There is no binding agreement with respect to the Proposed Transaction, and negotiations remain subject to significant
contingencies, including the completion of due diligence, the negotiation and execution of a mutually acceptable definitive agreement,
confirmation and documentation of fully committed financing, and requisite shareholder approvals. There can be no assurances that the
company will successfully negotiate a definitive agreement, or that the Proposed Transaction will be consummated. 

57 

At the Meeting on January 26, 2023, the company s shareholders
approved the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal. Based on the results of the Meeting, our sponsor
agreed to contribute into the trust account the lesser of (x) an aggregate of 120,000 or (y) 0.035 per share for each public share that
was not redeemed at the Meeting for each monthly period until August 7, 2023 (commencing on February 7, 2023 and ending on the 7th day
of each subsequent month), or portion thereof, that is needed by the company to complete its initial business combination. In connection
with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal, 22,239,972 Class A ordinary shares were redeemed and 4,210,028 Class A ordinary
shares were not redeemed. As a result, the aggregate monthly Contribution payable by the sponsor to us is 120,000. 

On February 7, 2023, we issued the Extension Note, evidencing the Extension
Loans. The Extension Loans are unsecured and non-interest bearing, and will be repayable by the company upon consummation of an initial
business combination. If the company does not consummate an initial business combination by August 7, 2023, the Extension Note will be
repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

On January 26, 2023, in connection with Meeting, the holders of the
company s founder shares converted all of their Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions,
such holders will not be entitled to receive any monies held in the trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion of the founder shares. 

The company is in advanced discussions with Helios Investment Partners
about a potential business combination which would result in the creation of a new publicly listed energy transition infrastructure platform,
HETI, focused on the development of natural gas and low-carbon energy infrastructure businesses and assets in Africa. HETI currently owns
and is developing a portfolio of strategic infrastructure assets and businesses delivering the energy transition in Africa. This portfolio
spans the natural gas, LNG and power value chain comprising liquefaction, storage, regasification, pipeline infrastructure and power plants,
supplying gas and power to over 200 industrial customers and utilities across Africa on a long-term contracted basis. The portfolio supports
the displacement of expensive and polluting coal and liquid fuels with cleaner, more affordable natural gas in its target markets. In
addition, HETI is developing a pipeline of low-carbon fuel (blue and green hydrogen) and renewable/low-carbon power projects which will
utilize best-in-class partnerships and technology to take advantage of Africa s renewable resource advantage and proximity to global
end markets to support the global Net Zero ambition. The company intends to announce additional details regarding the potential business
combination if and when a definitive agreement is executed. Currently, there is no binding agreement with respect to the Proposed Transaction,
and negotiations remain subject to significant contingencies, including the completion of due diligence, the negotiation and execution
of a mutually acceptable definitive agreement, confirmation and documentation of fully committed financing, and requisite shareholder
approvals. There can be no assurances that the company will successfully negotiate a definitive agreement, or that the Proposed Transaction
will be consummated. 

Results of Operations 

As of December 31, 2022, we have not commenced any operations. All
activity for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to our formation and IPO, and, since the
completion of our IPO, searching for a target to consummate an initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of
interest income from the proceeds derived from our IPO and placed in the trust account. 

58 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 2,049,648,
which consisted of interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,749,825 offset by formation and operating
costs of 1,700,177 

For the period from February 2, 2021 (Inception) through December 31,
2021, we had a net loss of 527,807, which consisted entirely of operating costs. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 404,183. Net income of 2,049,648 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,749,825.
Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,295,944 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our trust account of 377,526,
available for working capital needs. All remaining cash was held in the trust account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior
to an initial business combination. 

On January 26, 2023, in connection with the Meeting, holders of 22,239,972
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.36 per share,
for an aggregate redemption amount of 230,611,860. As a result, such amount was removed from the trust account on February 1, 2023 to
pay the redeeming holders and 4,210,028 Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding (excluding 6,612,500 Class B ordinary shares converted
into Class A ordinary shares on January 26, 2023, which do not entitle their holders to any monies held in the trust account as a
result of their ownership). The remaining amount in the trust account immediately following the redemption payments was 42,927,964. 

The company s liquidity needs up to November 5, 2021 had been
satisfied through a payment from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares to cover certain offering costs and a loan under an unsecured
promissory note from the sponsor of 104,808, which was paid in full on November 18, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, provide the company Working Capital Loans (as defined below). As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding
under any Working Capital Loans. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a business combination,
we may repay such Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such Working Capital Loans, but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to
meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking
in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either
to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation
of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our
business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we
will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our business combination, if cash on hand is
insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

59 

However, the company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation
as of the time of filing this Annual Report. In connection with the company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the mandatory liquidation raises substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going
concern until the earlier of the consummation of the business combination or the date the company is required to liquidate. 

At the Meeting on January 26, 2023, the company s shareholders
approved the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal. Based on the results of the Meeting, our sponsor
agreed to contribute into the trust account the lesser of (x) an aggregate of 120,000 or (y) 0.035 per share for each public share that
was not redeemed at the Meeting for each monthly period until August 7, 2023 (commencing on February 7, 2023 and ending on the 7th day
of each subsequent month), or portion thereof, that is needed by the company to complete its initial business combination. In connection
with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal, 22,239,972 Class A ordinary shares were redeemed and 4,210,028 Class A ordinary
shares were not redeemed. As a result, the aggregate monthly Contribution payable by the sponsor to us is 120,000. 

On February 7, 2023, we issued the Extension Note, evidencing the Extension
Loans. The Extension Loans are unsecured and non-interest bearing, and will be repayable by the company upon consummation of an initial
business combination. If the company does not consummate an initial business combination by August 7, 2023, the Extension Note will be
repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital
or operating lease obligations. 

The underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting commissions
of 0.40 per Unit on the 23,000,000 Units issued and 0.60 on the 3,450,000 overallotment Units for a total of 11,270,000. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that the company completes
an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. On March
1, 2023, the company entered into an amendment to the underwriting agreement, pursuant to which the underwriters have agreed to reduce
the commission payable from 11,270,000 to 5,640,000 upon the closing of the initial business combination. Upon the closing of an initial
business combination, the deferred fee will be paid to the underwriters as follows based on the percentage of redemptions of Class A ordinary
shares by public shareholders: (1) 80 or more redemptions: 3,000,000 in cash and 2,640,000 in Class A ordinary shares (at 10 per share),
(2) 70 or more, but less than 80 redemptions: 3,880,000 in cash and 1,760,000 in Class A ordinary shares (at 10 per share), (3) 60 
or more, but less than 70 redemptions: 4,760,000 in cash and 880,000 in Class A ordinary shares (at 10 per share), and (4) less than
60 redemptions: 5,640,000 in cash and 0 in Class A ordinary shares. 

60 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the
following as our critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

The company accounts for its Class A ordinary share subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Class A ordinary share subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary share (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The company s
ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the company s control and subject to the
occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 26,450,000 shares of Class A ordinary share subject
to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the
company s balance sheets. On January 26, 2023, in connection with the Meeting, holders of 22,239,972 Class A ordinary shares exercised
their right to redeem their shares. As a result, 4,210,028 Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding (excluding the converted founder
shares). 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

As of December 31, 2022, we had two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses were shared pro rata between the two classes of shares.
The potential ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase our shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 because the warrants are contingently
exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss
per ordinary share for the periods. On January 26, 2023, the holders of the company s Class B ordinary shares, including our sponsor,
converted all of the Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective,
accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the company s financial statements. 

61 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains
provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging
growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective
date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as
a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required
for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised
accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying
on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as
an emerging growth company , we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide
an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies
under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the report of independent registered public
accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv)
disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons
of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five
years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever
is earlier. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

62 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were
not effective. Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for accruals. While we have
processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating
and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel
and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding the accounting for accruals. The elements of our remediation plan can only
be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification
of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

63 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Michael Stern 
 
 43 
 
 Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Benjamin Lerner 
 
 40 
 
 President 
 
 Matthew Vodola 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Serena Rakhlin 
 
 41 
 
 General Counsel 
 
 Ana Kertesz 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Lehmann 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Edmar Prado Lopes Neto 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Adrian Neuhauser 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

Michael Stern, Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer :
Michael Stern, our Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the Founder and CEO of JDS Development Group, a real estate development
and acquisition firm based in New York City. Mr. Stern founded the firm in 2002 and has led the company to become one of the most active
development firms in the United States through its high-quality, designed projects. Mr. Stern has overseen the development of over 10
million square feet of property in New York and Miami with an aggregate value of over 10 billion. His experience includes real estate
acquisition, real estate-related financing, design, restoration, construction (including running one of the largest real estate developers
in New York City), complex conversions, as well as sales, leasing, and marketing. 

Benjamin Lerner, President : Benjamin Lerner, our President,
has nearly 17 years of experience in the financial services industry, with a specialization in investments in special situation equities,
corporate bonds, distressed debt and emerging markets. Prior to joining Onyx Acquisition Co. I, Mr. Lerner was an analyst at Citadel,
a multi-strategy hedge fund from October 2018 to June 2021, where his responsibilities included due diligence, structuring, origination
analyzing and investing in opportunities across the capital structure globally in a range of industries, including real estate, building
products, transportation, airlines, and metals and mining. Prior to Citadel, Mr. Lerner held roles at Contrarian Capital Management, a
hedge fund based in Greenwich, Connecticut, from 2013 to 2018 as an assistant portfolio manager, as an analyst at Third Avenue Management,
an asset management firm in New York from 2010 to 2013 and various roles with Morgan Stanley from 2005 to 2010. Mr. Lerner s 16
years of financial services experience includes multiple billions of transaction value across a broad range of security types, including
public equities, private equities, high yield bonds, leveraged loans and debtor-in-possession financings. Mr. Lerner graduated from Syracuse
University with a bachelor s degree in Finance and Marketing. 

Matthew Vodola, Chief Financial Officer : Matthew Vodola,
our Chief Financial Officer, has over 18 years of experience in the financial services industry, with a specialization in investments
in high yield and distressed debt and emerging markets. Prior to joining Onyx Acquisition Co. I, Mr. Vodola was an analyst at Citadel,
a multi-strategy hedge fund, from November 2018 until March 2021, where his responsibilities included due diligence, analyzing and investing
in opportunities across the capital structure in multiple countries. Prior to joining Citadel in 2018, he was an Analyst at Brigade Capital,
a credit investment manager focused on companies with leveraged balance sheets, based in New York, for nine years, focusing on investments
in emerging market and U.S. companies in retail, restaurants, consumer package goods, and food and beverage, among others. Additionally,
Mr. Vodola worked in capital markets roles at Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs, among other financial institutions. Throughout his career,
Mr. Vodola has invested in corporate and sovereign debt in many different countries, across a number of industries, and parts of the capital
structure. Mr. Vodola holds an M.A. in International Political Economy and Development from Fordham University and received a B.A. in
Political Science History, magna cum laude , from Drew University. Mr. Vodola also holds certifications in debt sustainability
and financial programming from the International Monetary Fund. 

64 

Serena Rakhlin, General Counsel : Serena Rakhlin, our
General Counsel, has nearly 16 years of business and legal experience across various sectors. For the past six years, Ms. Rakhlin has
served as Managing Director and General Counsel for JDS Development Group. At JDS, Ms. Rakhlin oversees multiple corporate and legal functions
within the organization and is responsible for due diligence, structuring, financing complex acquisitions and providing strategic advice
related to billions of dollars of real estate development. Prior to joining JDS, she was responsible for the strategic growth of an international
luxury brand by expanding the global footprint, including multiple emerging markets, through licensed deals, management agreements and
strategic partnerships. Ms. Rakhlin was an attorney at the New York City office of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP, where she
represented lenders, investors and private equity firms in connection with complex fund-raising, acquisition and development transactions
and also advised on a number of prominent mergers and acquisitions. Ms. Rakhlin began her career as a consultant at PKF Consulting (today
part of CBRE Group) where she provided underwriting, valuation and feasibility services for lenders and investors. Ms. Rakhlin earned
her B.S. from Cornell University and her J.D. from Duke University School of Law and is admitted to practice law in the State of New York. 

Ana Kertesz serves as a member of our board of directors.
Ana Kertesz is the Chief Growth Officer of Amyris, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMRS), a leading synthetic biotechnology company in clean health and
beauty leveraging digital innovation, machine learning and data science for its consumer brands and a top supplier of sustainable and
natural ingredients, Ms. Kertesz joined Amyris in October 2021 and leads the execution of strategic executive processes, corporate strategy,
M A, portfolio management and is responsible for the operational management of the content and creative hub in New York. Prior to
joining Amyris, Ana founded the entrepreneurship focused digital platform, HOWto.LIVEit, and from July 2016 to September 2018, Ms. Kertesz
was an independent entrepreneur and investor. She served as the Executive Director of Peninsula Participa es, an investment
management company, from October 2013 to June 2016. From 2012 to 2016, Ms. Kertesz served as a board member of Instituto Verdescola, a
not for profit focused on after school activities for children and skill development for young people and families in the north of Sao
Paulo, Brazil. From August 1997 to May 2012, Ms. Kertesz served as a Vice President of Goldman Sachs, working on investment banking transactions
focused on Latin American corporate clients, including mergers acquisitions, equity and debt capital markets, corporate restructuring
and commodities derivatives sales structuring. Ms. Kertesz holds a bachelor s degree in Business Administration and Management
from Funda o Getulio Vargas and an MBA from Harvard Business School. 

Michael Lehmann serves as a member of our board of directors.
Michael Lehmann is the President of Aimia Inc., a holding company with a focus on long-term investments in public and private companies.
He serves as a member of Aimia s investment committee and a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Lehmann also serves on the boards
of several of Aimia s portfolio companies, including PLM, Mittleman Investment Management, and Kognitiv. Mr. Lehmann has been involved
in the investment business for more than twenty-five years, most recently as the Founder and Managing Member of LARC Capital Holdings
LLC, a privately held partnership and owner of a diverse investment portfolio of businesses. Prior to launching LARC Capital in 2016,
Mr. Lehmann was a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Third Avenue Management, LLC for 18 years, a highly respected SEC-registered Investment
Advisor. Mr. Lehmann s responsibilities grew to include Co-Manager of the Third Avenue Value Fund (TAVFX) - Third Avenue s
flagship investment product, Lead Manager of Third Avenue Separate Account business, Portfolio Manager of the Global Value Equity product,
Co-Lead PM of Third Avenue Balanced Fund and Lead Manager of Third Avenue Variable Series Fund, where the Fund was awarded the Lipper
Award for best 5-year track record and SOLIS Partners, where he was a Member of the Investment Committee. Earlier in his career, Mr. Lehmann
was a Vice President of Gabelli Funds, Inc, an Investment Advisor to the Gabelli Mutual Funds and an Associate Portfolio Manager of private
investment portfolios with Mario J. Gabelli. Mr. Lehmann has a Bachelor of Science degree with a primary concentration in Finance and
a secondary concentration in Marketing from Fordham University. 

65 

Edmar Prado Lopes Neto serves as a member of our board
of directors. Mr. Neto is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investor Relations Officer at Movida Participa es, S.A,
and has served in these roles since October 2016. He has over 35 years of experience in the financial sector. From April 2020 until June
2021, Mr. Neto served as member of the Independent Related Parties Committee of Smiles SA, also being an alternate member of the Board
of Directors. From 2016 until 2019, Mr. Neto acted as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Brazilian Institute of Investor Relations.
From 2012 to 2016, he served as the Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Gol Linhas A reas Inteligentes S.A., which
he joined in 2011. From December 2005 to April 2011, he served as the Head of Treasury at NET Oficial. Since 1998, he has worked at Organiza es
Globo and served as the Manager of Planning at Funda o Roberto Marinho. He also held financial positions in NGOs in Brazil.
Mr. Neto holds a bachelor s degree in civil engineering from the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro. 

Adrian Neuhauser serves as a member of our board of directors.
Mr. Neuhauser was named President and CEO of Avianca in April of 2021, after having joined the company as CFO in 2019. In his initial
role as CFO, Adrian led Avianca s 2019 out-of-court restructuring, subsequently arranging and overseeing the Company s successful
Chapter 11 reorganization and emergence during the COVID pandemic. Prior to Avianca, Mr. Neuhauser worked for over 20 years at various
investment banks -including Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch- where he developed extensive experience advising
clients in the transportation sector, including airlines, aircraft lessors, railroads, and logistics companies. Between 2012 and 2014,
Adrian served as President of Railex, a refrigerated unit train and third-party-logistics provider that was subsequently acquired by Union
Pacific. He holds a dual degree in Economics and Business Administration from the Pontificia Universidad Cat lica in Santiago,
Chile. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We currently have five directors. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq.
The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Lehmann, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term
of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ms. Kertesz and Mr. Neto, will expire at our second annual general meeting.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Neuhauser and Mr. Stern, will expire at our third annual general
meeting. Incumbent directors have the ability to appoint additional directors or to appoint replacement directors in the event of a casual
vacancy. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with our initial
public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals
for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights
agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers
in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president,
chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

66 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of
directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Ana Kertesz, Michael Lehmann, Edmar Prado Lopes Neto and Adrian Neuhauser
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee;
a nominating committee; and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule
10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. We are relying
on the phase-in rules with respect to the independence of the members of our Audit Committee. Subject to the phase-in rules and a limited
exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the nominating and compensation committees of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, or, if there is no nominating committee, that director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board, by our independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs.
Lehmann, Neto and Kertesz serve as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are
required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Our board of directors has determined
that each of Messrs. Lehmann, Neto and Kertesz are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Neto serves
as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined
that Mr. Neto qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal
functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting
and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner
responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

67 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting
firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution
of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing
an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified,
immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public
offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates.
Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director
or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors.
The members of our nominating committee are Mr. Neto and Mr. Lehmann, and Mr. Neto serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under
the Nasdaq listing standards, our director nominations must be made, or recommended to the full board, by our independent directors or
by a nominating committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Neto
and Mr. Lehmann are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. 

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection
of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter
adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and
bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the
shareholders. 

68 

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating
to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership
on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience,
to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain
a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and
other persons. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors.
The members of our compensation committee are Ms. Kertesz and Mr. Neto, and Mr. Neto serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have at least
two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent directors, subject to certain phase-in rules. Our board of
directors has determined that each of Ms. Kertesz and Mr. Neto are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. We adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer, President,
Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s, President s, Chief Financial Officer s
and General Counsel s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any)
of our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and/or annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers
and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement, to the extent required; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

69 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and will be directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other advisor, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such advisor,
including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year
has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of
any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Advisory Board 

From time to time, we may utilize the services of certain advisors
and/or form an advisory board consisting of individuals whom we believe will help us execute our business strategy. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers
and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K or on the company s website to the extent
required by SEC rules. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

70 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to
put themselves in a position of conflict, and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing or to otherwise benefit as a result of
their position. However, in some instances, what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance
by the shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in
the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have, additional fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including JDS Development Group. As a result, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she
has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then he or she may be required to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide
to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect
our ability to complete our initial business combination. To address the matters set out above, our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that we renounce, to the maximum extent permitted by law, our interest or expectancy in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in any business combination opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and our sponsor
and another entity, including any entities managed by our sponsor or its affiliates and any companies in which our sponsor or such entities
have invested or about which any of our officers or directors acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may
have in respect thereof. In addition, our amended and restated articles of association will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to our company that may arise as
a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity. 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Michael Stern 
 
 JDS Development Group (1) 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Founder and CEO 

JDS Construction Group (1) 
 
 Construction 
 
 Manager 
 
 Serena Rakhlin 
 
 JDS Development Group (1) 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 General Counsel and Managing Director 
 
 Ana Kertesz 
 
 Amyris, Inc. 
 
 Biotechnology and Renewable Chemicals 
 
 Chief Growth Officer 

HOWtoLIVEit 
 
 Online Entrepreneurship Platform 
 
 Founder and CEO 
 
 Michael Lehmann 
 
 Aimia Inc. 
 
 Investment Firm 
 
 President 
 
 Edmar Prado Lopes Neto 
 
 Movida Participacoes 
 
 Transportation 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investor Relations Officer 
 
 Adrian Neuhauser 
 
 Avianca Group International Ltd. 
 
 Transportation 
 
 CEO 

(1) Includes certain of its special purpose entities and other
affiliates. 

71 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in
a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses.
We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Certain of our executive
officers are engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive
officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our
initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will
expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B)
subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a
liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable
until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and directors will own ordinary
shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is
an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies
similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts
of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 

72 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent valuation, appraisal
or accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Management may also recuse
themselves from investment discussions of companies that are affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. 

JDS Development Group and its affiliates manage several investment
vehicles. Investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or its affiliates may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If
these investment vehicles decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment
ideas generated within JDS Development Group, including by Michael Stern and other persons who may make decisions for the company, may
be suitable for both us and for current or future investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or its affiliates and may be directed
to such investment vehicles rather than to us, subject to applicable fiduciary duties. Neither JDS Development Group nor members of our
management team who are also employed by JDS Development Group have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential
business combination of which they become aware solely in their capacities as officers or managing directors of JDS Development Group. 

JDS Development Group and/or our management, in their capacities as
officers or managing directors of JDS Development Group or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations
to the related entities described above, current or future investment vehicles managed by JDS Development Group or its affiliates, or
third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to applicable fiduciary duties. In addition, JDS Development Group
or its affiliates may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. 

Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers
or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or
for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, an affiliate of our
sponsor has agreed to provide members of our management team with office space, secretarial and administrative services at no cost. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will
be resolved in our favor. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law. In such case, our sponsor and each member
of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
willful neglect, actual fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred
in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements
with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance
that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures
us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

73 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public
shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of
the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing
a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these
provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash
compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on November 2, 2021 and through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business
combination and our liquidation, an affiliate of our sponsor has agreed to provide members of our management team with office space, secretarial
and administrative services at no cost. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business
combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements,
we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers
for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating
an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and
consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to
completion of our initial business combination. In October 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 Class B ordinary shares to independent
directors Lehmann, Kertesz and Neto. In January 2023, Messrs. Lehman, Kertesz and Neto converted all of their Class B ordinary shares
to Class A ordinary shares. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who
remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders,
to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with
a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company
to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business
combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation.
Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board
of directors. 

74 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business
combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence
our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe that the ability of our management
to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with
any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon
termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 23, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 10,822,528 Class
A ordinary shares (which includes 21,729 Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the Units outstanding after redemptions in connection
with the Meeting and 6,612,500 Class A ordinary shares received by our sponsor and independent directors upon conversion of their founder
shares) outstanding as of March 23, 2023. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement
warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Number of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (2) 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 
 Onyx Acquisition Sponsor Co. LLC 
 (our Sponsor) (3) 

6,522,500 
 60.3 
 
 Michael Stern (3) 

6,522,500 
 60.3 
 
 Benjamin Lerner (3) 

6,522,500 
 60.3 
 
 Matthew Vodola (3) 

6,522,500 
 60.3 
 
 Serena Rakhlin (4) 

Ana Kertesz 

30,000 

Michael Lehmann 

30,000 

Edmar Prado-Lopes Neto 

30,000 

Adrian Neuhauser 

All officers and directors as a group 
 (eight individuals) 

6,612,500 
 61.1 
 
 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, 
a series of Calamos Investment Trust (5) 

1,500,000 
 13.9 
 
 D.E. Shaw Co, L.L.C.(6) 

1,610,963 
 14.9 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (7) 

2,314,933 
 21.4 
 
 VR Global Partners, L.P.(8) 

1,500,000 
 13.9 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our
shareholders is 104 5th Avenue, New York, New York 10011. 

75 

(2) Interests shown consist of Class A ordinary shares received
upon conversion of Class B ordinary shares. 

(3) The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor.
Our sponsor is controlled by a board of managers which has voting and investment discretion with respect to such shares and consists
of Mr. Stern, Mr. Lerner and Mr. Vodola. Accordingly, each of Messrs. Stern, Lerner and Vodola may be deemed to have or share beneficial
ownership of the shares held directly by our sponsor. 

(4) Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of their membership interest in our sponsor. 

(5) The address of Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust Calamos ), is 2020 Calamos Court,
Naperville, Illinois 60563, based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 8, 2022 (the Calamos 13G ). According to the Calamos
13G, Calamos is the direct owner of such Class A ordinary shares. The interests shown are as of December 31, 2021 based on the Calamos 13G. 

(6) The address of D.E. Shaw is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10036, based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February
14, 2023 (the D.E. Shaw 13G/A ). The interests shown are as of December 31, 2022 based on the D.E. Shaw 13G/A. 

(7) The address of Saba Capital Management, L.P. is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174, based on a Schedule
 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 (the Saba 13G/A ). According to the Saba 13G/A, Saba Capital Management, L.P., a
 Delaware limited partnership Saba LP ), is the direct owner of such Class A ordinary shares. Saba Capital Management
 GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is the general partner of Saba LP and therefore has beneficial ownership of the Class
 A ordinary shares directly owned by Saba LP. Boaz R. Weinstein has beneficial ownership of the Class A ordinary shares directly
 owned by Saba LP. The interests shown are as of December 31, 2022 based on the Saba 13G/A. 

(8) The address of VR Global Partners, L.P. is c/o Intertrust (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005, Cayman
Islands, based on a Schedule 13G filed on January 30, 2023 (the VR 13G ). The interests shown are as of December 31, 2022 based on the VR 13G. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder Shares 

On February 19, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering
costs of the company in consideration for 10,062,500 founder shares. On July 2, 2021, our sponsor surrendered 4,312,500 Class B ordinary
shares to the company for no consideration resulting in 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. In October
2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to each of the company s independent directors. On November 2, 2021, the company
issued an additional 862,500 Class B ordinary shares to the sponsor by way of the application of amounts standing to the credit of the
share premium account of the company, resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,612,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. On January
26, 2023, the holders of the founder shares converted all of the founder shares into Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the conversions,
such holders will not be entitled to receive any monies held in the trust account as a result of their ownership of any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion of the founder shares. 

76 

With certain limited exceptions, the Class A ordinary shares issued
upon conversion of the founder shares will not be transferable or assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the
completion of the initial business combination or (B) subsequent to the initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of
the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
business combination, or (y) the date on which the company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed (i)
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any shares held by it in connection with the completion of the company s initial
business combination, (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if the company
fails to complete the initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and
exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, we consummated the private placement of 12,190,000 private placement warrants
to our sponsor at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 12,190,000. Each private placement warrant
is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share. 

Other Transactions With Our Sponsor 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she may be required honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity
before we can pursue such opportunity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 104 5 th Avenue,
New York, New York 10011. An affiliate of our sponsor has agreed to provide members of our management team with office space, secretarial
and administrative services at no cost. 

77 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting
fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in
connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There
is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Our sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering.
The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering.
As of November 17, 2021, the company had an outstanding balance of 104,808 under the promissory note. The promissory note from our sponsor
was paid in full on November 18, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with
an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would
be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account. 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team
who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed
to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time
of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights and shareholder rights agreement
pursuant to which our sponsor is entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants
issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and
upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election
to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

78 

Related Party Policy 

Our audit committee has adopted a charter, providing for the review,
approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant
to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided
with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual
restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to
the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under
review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman
of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of
its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum
for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that
are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate
fees billed by Marcum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering,
totaled 82,400 and 73,645. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees during the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services
relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for tax fees were 11,330 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. We did not pay Marcum any tax fees for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all
other services. We did not pay Marcum any other fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to
the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward
basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our
auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange
Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

79 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 F-20 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
 www.sec.gov . 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-260110), filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-260110), filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-260110), filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Company, our sponsor and certain shareholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and our sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

80 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and BTIG, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement among the Company, our sponsor and each of the officers and directors of the Company named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 27, 2021, issued to our sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-260110), filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, between the Company and our sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-260110), filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 7, 2023, by and among the Company and our Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), filled with the SEC on February 7, 2023). 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to Underwriting Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, by and between the Company, BTIG, I-Bankers Securities, Inc and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Onyx Acquisition Sponsor Co. LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41003), with the SEC on March 3, 2023). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

81 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

March 31, 2023 
 Onyx Acquisition Co. I 

/s/ Michael Stern 

Name: 
 Michael Stern 

Title: 
 Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Matthew Vodola 

Name: 
 Matthew Vodola 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael Stern 
 
 Director,
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Michael
 Stern 

/s/
 Matthew Vodola 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Matthew
 Vodola 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Ana Soban Fernandes Kertesz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Ana
 Soban Fernandes Kertesz 

/s/
 Michael Lehmann 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Michael
 Lehmann 

/s/
 Edmar Prado Lopes Neto 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Edmar
 Prado Lopes Neto 

/s/ Adrian Neuhauser 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31,
 2023 
 
 Adrian Neuhauser 

82 

ONYX ACQUISITION CO. I 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
Onyx Acquisition Co. I 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Onyx Acquisition Co. I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph -- Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company has until August 7, 2023 (extended from February 5, 2023, see Note 8) to complete a Business Combination or the Company will cease
all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 . 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

ONYX ACQUISITION CO. I 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Long-term prepaid expenses 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at and redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; no issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none shares issued and outstanding (excluding 26,450,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ONYX ACQUISITION CO. I 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from February 2, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ONYX ACQUISITION CO. I 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
AND FOR THE PERIOD FEBRUARY 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Ordinary Share 
 Class B Ordinary Share 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of February 2, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary Shares to initial shareholder 

Issuance of Private Placement warrants, net of offering costs 

Fair value of Public warrants, net of offering costs 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ONYX ACQUISITION CO. I 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from February 2, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash held in Trust Account 

Formation costs paid by related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Payment of Promissory Note-related party 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Deferred underwriters discount charged to additional paid-in capital 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Offering costs paid under promissory note 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

private placement warrants (the Private
Placement Warrants (including Private Placement Warrants purchased in connection with the exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option) at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . The Private Placement
Warrants, which were purchased by the Sponsor and BTIG, LLC BTIG ), and are identical to the Public Warrants, except that
if held by the Sponsor or BTIG or their permitted transferees, they are, subject to certain limited exceptions, subject to transfer restrictions
until 30 days following the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants
held by BTIG are subject to the lock-up and registration rights limitations imposed by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Rule 5110
and may not be exercised after five years from November 2, 2021. 

, which
consisted of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other offering
costs, all of which was charged to shareholders deficit. 

has been placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), representing the redemption value of the Class A ordinary
shares sold in the IPO, at their redemption value of per share. 

F- 7 

of the value
of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will only
complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

, consisting of per Unit sold in the IPO and a portion of the proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in the Trust Account located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to an
investment management trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment
of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather
than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), the Company intends to avoid being deemed
an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The IPO was not intended for persons seeking a return
on investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the
earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly
tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares (the Public
Shareholders the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of
the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent the completing
an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Public Shareholders
as part of the redemption of the Public Shares. If the Company does not invest the proceeds as discussed above, the Company may be deemed
to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If the Company is deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these
additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which the Company has not allotted funds and may hinder the ability
to complete a Business Combination. If the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within the required time period,
the Public Shareholders may receive only approximately per Public Share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on
the liquidation of the Trust Account, and the warrants will expire worthless. 

per Public
Share). 

F- 8 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in
all cases subject to the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect
to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of Public Shareholders and, (iii) waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to consummate
an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fail to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed
time frame), and (iv) vote any Founder Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased after the IPO (including in the open market
and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. 

F- 9 

in its operating
bank account and working capital deficit of . 

(see Note 5) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering
costs and a loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of , which was paid in full on November 18, 2021 (see Note
5). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, initial shareholders, officers,
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5).
As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

F- 10 

and of cash
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

F- 11 

December 31, 2021 
 Investments held in Trust Account 

. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account, and management believes the Company was not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

F- 12 

F- 13 

as a result of the IPO, which consisted of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting
commissions, and of other offering costs, all of which was charged to shareholders deficit. 

Class A ordinary shares
sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection
with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in
connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with
the SEC s and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent
equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Re-measurement adjustment on redeemable ordinary shares 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 14 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit had an offering price of and consisted of one Class A ordinary share of
the Company, par value per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
was deposited into the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account are invested in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. 

Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement
Warrant to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

F- 15 

,
or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value
 (the Founder Shares ). 

Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

Founder Shares to
each of the Company s three independent directors. 

Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor by way of the application of amounts standing to the credit of the share premium account
of the Company, resulting in there being an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding, so that the initial shareholders
collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares. All share and per share amounts have been restated. 

per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees
would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and officers with respect to any founder
shares. 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ).
This Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. This Note matured undrawn
on June 30, 2021. 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the New Note ). This New Note
was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. In November 2021, the remaining
outstanding balance of was fully repaid. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of
the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. The terms of such Working Capital Loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company has no borrowings under the Working Capital
Loans. 

F- 16 

per Unit on the Units issued in the base offering for a total of . 

per Unit on the Units issued in the base offering and per Unit on the overallotment Units
for a total of . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event that the Company completes an initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement entered into
in connection with the IPO. 

preference shares, with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption. 

F- 17 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

of the sum
of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary
shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued
or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates
or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares
described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as
a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than
one-to-one. 

F- 18 

Public Warrants
and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

F- 19 

billion, and the Company is targeting completion of the merger in the second half of 2023.
There is no binding agreement with respect to the Proposed Transaction, and negotiations remain subject to significant contingencies,
including the completion of due diligence, the negotiation and execution of a mutually acceptable definitive agreement, confirmation and
documentation of fully committed financing, and requisite shareholder approvals. There can be no assurances that the Company will successfully
negotiate a definitive agreement, or that the Proposed Transaction will be consummated. 

(the Redemption Limitation Amendment
Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal and Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal are described in more detail in the definitive
proxy statement of the Company, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 8,
2022 (the Proxy Statement ), as supplemented to date. 

Class A ordinary
shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of . As a result, such amount was removed from the Trust Account on February 1, 2023 to pay the redeeming
holders and Class A ordinary shares remain outstanding (excluding Class B ordinary shares (the founder shares converted into Class A ordinary shares on January 26, 2023, which do not entitle their holders to any monies held in the Trust Account
as a result of their ownership). The remaining amount in the Trust Account immediately following the redemption payments was . 

or (y) per share for each public share that was not redeemed at the extraordinary general meeting
of shareholders of the Company held January 26, 2023 (the Meeting for each monthly period until August 7, 2023 (commencing
on February 7, 2023 and ending on the 7th day of each subsequent month), or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete
its initial business combination. 

(the Promissory Note to the Sponsor and the Sponsor deposited an initial principal amount of into the Trust Account on February 7, 2023, and an additional
 on March 7, 2023. Amounts drawn down under the Promissory Note will be repayable by the Company upon consummation of an initial
business combination. If the Company does not consummate an initial business combination by August 7, 2023, the Promissory Note will be
repaid only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

to upon the closing of the proposed business combination. Upon the Closing, the deferred fee will be paid to the underwriters
as follows based on the percentage of redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares by public shareholders: (1) or more redemptions: 
in cash and in Class A Ordinary Shares (at per share), (2) or more, but less than redemptions: in cash
and in Class A Ordinary Shares (at per share), (3) or more, but less than redemptions: in cash and 
in Class A Ordinary Shares (at per share), and (4) less than redemptions: in cash and in Class A Ordinary Shares. 

F-20 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_onyxacq1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, Onyx Acquisition Co. I we, us, our or the company had
the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant,
(ii) Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable
for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50. In addition, this Description of Securities also references the company s
Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but
are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is included to assist in the description
of the Class A ordinary shares. 

The
following summary of the material terms of the securities of the company is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences
and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and
applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety
for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Exhibit 4.5 or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Class
 A ordinary share are to our Class A ordinary shares; 

founder
 shares are to (a) our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in
 a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and (b) shares of our Class A ordinary
 shares issued upon the conversion thereof; 

initial
 public offering are to our initial public offering consummated on November 5, 2021; 

initial
 shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors, and directors 
 are to our current directors; 

Onyx
 Team are to the Sponsor Affiliate together with our management team; 

ordinary
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares, collectively; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor and BTIG, LLC BTIG in private placements simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and
 the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option; 

public
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares o sold as part of the Units in our initial
 public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market); 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders
 and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management
 team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of
 our management team s status as a public shareholder shall only exist
 with respect to such public shares; 

public
 warrants are to the redeemable warrants issued as part of each Unit in our initial
 public offering and which began trading separately on December 10, 2021; 

sponsor 
 are to Onyx Acquisition Sponsor Co. LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

Sponsor
 Affiliate are to JDS Development Group, a real estate development and acquisition
 firm affiliated with our sponsor and certain members of our management team; 

trust
 account are to the trust account set up following our initial public offering with
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee; and 

unit 
 are to our units issued in our initial public offering, each consisting of one Class A ordinary
 share, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 5,000,000
preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information
that is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement that governs the warrants (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for
a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time
by a warrant holder. 

The
Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on December 10, 2021. Holders have the option to
continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer
agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive
or trade a whole warrant. 

Additionally,
the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary
Shares 

As
of March 23, 2023, 10,822,528 of our ordinary shares are outstanding including: 

4,210,028
 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of our initial public offering;
 and 

6,612,500
 Class A ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders, received upon conversion of
 their Class B ordinary shares. 

No Class B ordinary shares were outstanding as of March 23, 2023. 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as
described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single
class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions
requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with
respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment
of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared
by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of
our Class B ordinary shares then outstanding will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public
shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an
initial business combination, holders of our Class B ordinary shares then outstanding may by ordinary resolution remove a member of
the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing
the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed
by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares then outstanding. 

2 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business
combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class
(except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with The
Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting
until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act
for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint
new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our Class B
ordinary shares then outstanding. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of our Class B
ordinary shares then outstanding may by ordinary resolution remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account was approximately 10.20 per public share
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include
the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our
management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and
(ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes
and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote
is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the
SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these
tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the
redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons,
we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if
we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination
even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For
purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval
of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require
that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

3 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering
(the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders
could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as
a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and
public shares in favor of our initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of one-third of
issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are present in person or by proxy and, for purposes of seeking approval
of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained.
As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), we
would not need any of the public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in
order to have our initial business combination approved. Further, assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are voted, we will not need any public
shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to approve our initial business
combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by August
7, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our
sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination by August 7, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant
to the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands to commence the voluntary liquidation of the company prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations
described herein. 

4 

Founder
Shares 

The
founder shares were initially designated as Class B ordinary shares. On January 26, 2023, all of the outstanding founder shares
were converted into Class A ordinary shares at the option of the holders. Except as described below, the founder shares are identical
to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the
same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below; (b) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, (ii) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination
by August 7, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); and (c) the founder shares are entitled
to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval
of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote
their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

Except
as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares
until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this description as the lock-up. Any
permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and officers with
respect to any founder shares. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of
 the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the
 voting rights of the shares of each member (and whether such voting rights are conditional); 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of
shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members were deemed to have legal
title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of member reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands
court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register
of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order of rectification of the register of members were
made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

5 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Preference
Shares 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares
with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and
could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could
have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference
shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure
you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public
Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 13,225,000 public warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the
later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination,
except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants
only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional warrants have been issued or will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to
settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current,
subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available.
No warrant will be exercisable for cash, and we will not be obligated to issue any Class A ordinary shares to holders seeking to
exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. 

6 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants,
and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of
our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating
to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business
day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the
 30-day redemption period and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of our Class A
 ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
 ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption
 to the warrant holders. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

We
will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout
the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt
from registration under the Securities Act. We may not redeem the warrants when a holder may not exercise such warrants. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of
the Class A ordinary shares for the five trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to
cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to our initial public offering, or to cure, correct or
supplement any defective provision, or (ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under
the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely
affect the interests of the registered holders of the warrants. The warrant agreement requires the approval, by written consent or vote,
of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders. 

7 

The
exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise
prices. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue
price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor, initial shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross
proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of
our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the
Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be
able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private
Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants 

Pursuant
to an agreement that we entered into with the holders of the private placement warrants prior to the consummation of our initial public
offering, the private placement warrants may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, for as long as the private placement warrants are
held by BTIG or its designees or affiliates, they will be subject to the lock-up and registration rights limitations imposed by Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority Rule 5110 and may not be exercised after five years from November 2, 2021. Except with respect to the foregoing
transfer restrictions, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part
of the units in our initial public offering. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may
be required, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us. If we complete our initial business combination,
we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid only out
of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a
price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the public warrants. 

8 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We
have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents
and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or
omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of
the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations
between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by (a) a
special resolution (usually a majority of shareholders holding at least 66 2 3 of the voting shares voted
at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such
constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e.,
a company that holds issued shares that together represent 90 of the votes at a general meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary
company, if a copy of the plan of merger is given to every member of each subsidiary company to be merged unless that member agrees otherwise.
The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives
such requirement. The directors of each company are required to provide a declaration of the assets and liabilities of the company made
up to the latest practicable date before the making of the declaration, and are further required to make a declaration to the effect
that: (i) the company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to
defraud unsecured creditors of the company; (ii) no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding and that
no order has been made or resolution adopted to wind up the company in any jurisdiction; (iii) no receiver, trustee, administrator or
other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the company, its affairs or its property or any
part thereof; (iv) no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby
the rights of creditors of the company are and continue to be suspended or restricted; (v) in the case of constituent company that is
not a surviving company, the constituent company has retired from any fiduciary office held or will do so immediately prior to the merger
or consolidation; and (vi) where relevant, the company has complied with any applicable requirements under Cayman Islands regulatory
laws. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other
formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

9 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that where the surviving or consolidated company
is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is required to be satisfied in respect of any constituent
overseas company that: (i) the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of
those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and
remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) no
receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been
entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted;
(v) the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended
to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (vi) in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign
company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived;
(b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and
(c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (vii) the
foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws
of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (viii) there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. The requirements set out in sections (i) to (vii) above shall be met by a director of the Cayman Islands
exempted company making a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that such requirements have
been met, such declaration to include a statement of the assets and liabilities of the foreign company made up to the latest practicable
date before making the declaration. 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of their shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give their written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before
the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for their shares if the
merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is
approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a
shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written
notice of their intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of their shares; (d) within
seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on
which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated
company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase their shares at a price that the company determines is the
fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the
company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day
period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company must (and any dissenting shareholder may)
file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the
names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by
the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair
rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose
name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached.
These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any
class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant
date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange
or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

10 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances,
schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly
referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger
was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths
in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy
at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must
be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the
view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

the
 company is not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its corporate authority
 and the statutory provisions as to dual majority vote have been complied with; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision
 of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates
within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on
the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there
is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an
operating business. 

Shareholders 
Suits . Our Cayman Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman
Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability
for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against
(for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities
and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands,
exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly
 authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United
States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal
courts of the United States. 

11 

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of
the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the
grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the
Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the
company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper
purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating
to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot
be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special
resolution where it has been adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds ) majority (or such higher threshold
as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares
present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved
in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter. Other than as described above, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least a two-thirds )
majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast
by the holders of the shares voted at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law),
or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our
sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially owned 20 of our ordinary shares as of the closing of our
initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide, among other things, that: 

If
 we have not consummated an initial business combination by August 7, 2023, we will (i) cease
 all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up
 to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
 public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
 as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands
 law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

12 

Prior
 to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities
 that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or
 (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination
 or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion
 of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
 a business combination beyond August 7, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
 with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In
 the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
 that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our
 company from a financial point of view. Management may also recuse themselves from investment
 discussions of companies that are affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors; 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law
 or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for
 business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4
 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC
 prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
 financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption
 rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So
 long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must
 occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value
 of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred
 underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
 account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
 holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
 with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination by August 7, 2023 or (B) with respect to any
 other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we
 will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their
 ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
 in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided
 by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
 herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company
 or a similar company with nominal operations. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher
majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its
memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly,
although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor
our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

13 

Anti-Money
Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing, Prevention of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands 

In
order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing, proliferation financing
and compliance with financial sanctions, we are required to adopt and maintain certain procedures, and may require subscribers to provide
evidence to verify their identity and source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance
of our anti-money laundering, terrorist financing, prevention of proliferation financing and financial sanctions compliance procedures
(including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person. 

We
reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases the directors may
be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision)
of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the Regulations ). Depending on the circumstances of each
application, a detailed verification of identity might not be required where: 

(a) the
 subscriber is a relevant financial business required to comply with the Regulations or is
 a majority-owned subsidiary of such a business; or 

(b) the
 subscriber is acting in the course of a business in relation to which a regulatory authority
 exercises regulatory functions and which is in a country assessed by us to have a low degree
 of risk of money laundering and terrorist financing in accordance with the Regulations (each,
 a Low Risk Country or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such subscriber; or 

(c) the
 subscriber is a central or local government organization, statutory body or agency of government
 in the Cayman Islands or a Low Risk Country; or 

(d) the
 subscriber is a company that is listed on a recognized stock exchange and subject to disclosure
 requirements which impose requirements to ensure adequate transparency of beneficial ownership,
 or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such a company; or 

(e) the
 subscriber is a pension fund for a professional association, trade union or is acting on
 behalf of employees of an entity referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d);or 

(f) the
 application is made through a nominee or introduced by an introducer which falls within one
 of sub-paragraphs (a) to (e). In this situation the company may rely on a written assurance
 from the nominee or the introducer (as applicable) which confirms (i) that the requisite
 identification and verification procedures on the applicant for business and (for introducers
 only) its beneficial owners have been carried out; (ii) the nature and intended purpose of
 the business relationship; (iii) that the nominee or the introducer has identified the source
 of funds of the applicant for business; (iv) (for introducers only) that the introducer is
 supervised or monitored by an overseas regulatory authority and has measures in place to
 comply with customer due diligence and record keeping requirements; and (v) that the
 intermediary shall make available on request and without delay copies of any identification
 and verification data or information and relevant documents. 

For
the purposes of these exceptions, recognition of a financial institution, regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in
accordance with the Regulations by reference to the Low Risk Country definition. 

In
the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse
to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally
debited. 

We
also reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment
to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, prevention of proliferation
financing and financial sanctions or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered
necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction. 

If
any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person
is engaged in criminal conduct, is involved with terrorism or terrorist property or proliferation financing or is the target of a financial
sanction and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector
or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial
Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure
relates to criminal conduct, money laundering or proliferation financing or is the target of a financial sanction or (ii) a police officer
of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands,
if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach
of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

14 

Data
Protection Cayman Islands 

We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act, 2017 (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally
accepted principles of data privacy. 

Privacy
Notice 

Introduction 

This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal
information, which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In the following discussion,
the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor
Data 

We
will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could
be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the
extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which
we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA and will apply appropriate technical
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data
and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In
our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates
and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors 
for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to
us. 

We
may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact
details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who
this Affects 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy
Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How
the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The
company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(a) where
 this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(b) where
 this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject
 (such as compliance with anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, prevention of
 proliferation financing, financial sanctions and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

(c) where
 this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not
 overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should
we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

15 

Why
We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In
certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange
this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We
anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on
our behalf. 

The
Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any
transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the DPA. 

We
and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data. 

We
shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms
or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Rights
of Individual Data Subjects 

Individual
data subjects have certain data protection rights, including the right to: 

(a) be
 informed about the purposes for which your personal data are processed; 

(b) access
 your personal data; 

(c) stop
 direct marketing; 

(d) restrict
 the processing of your personal data; 

(e) have
 incomplete or inaccurate personal data corrected; 

(f) ask
 us to stop processing your personal data; 

(g) be
 informed of a personal data breach (unless the breach is unlikely to be prejudicial to you); 

(h) complain
 to the Data Protection Ombudsman; and 

(i) require
 us to delete your personal data in some limited circumstances. 

Certain
Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes
of directors. Prior to our initial business combination, only the holders of our Class B ordinary shares then outstanding will be entitled to vote on
the appointment and removal of our directors. 

Our
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder
approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions
and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares
could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols ONYXU, ONYX and ONYXW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 3, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading
on December 10, 2021. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion
of our initial business combination. 

16 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_onyxacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Stern, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Onyx Acquisition Co. I (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) [Paragraph intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Stern 

Michael Stern 

Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_onyxacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Matthew Vodola, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Onyx Acquisition Co. I (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) [Paragraph intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Vodola 

Matthew Vodola 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_onyxacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Onyx Acquisition
Co. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Michael Stern, Director,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Stern 

Michael Stern 

Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_onyxacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Onyx Acquisition
Co. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Matthew Vodola, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Vodola 

Matthew Vodola 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 onyx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 onyx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 onyx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 onyx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 onyx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

