<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1674365_0001558370-23-005096.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8536996</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>481709</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1758545</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2628950</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1357541</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2113523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-005096.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-005096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aptinyx Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				474626057
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38535
		FILM NUMBER:		23781103

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 MAPLE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4300
		CITY:			EVANSTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-871-0377

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 DAVIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			EVANSTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-005096.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 aptx-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based upon the closing sale price of our common stock of 0.56 on that date. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who is known to own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded as such persons may be deemed affiliates of the Company. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which the registrant expects to file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s 2022 fiscal year. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 31 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 83 Item 2. Properties 83 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 83 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 83 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 83 Item 6. Reserved 84 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 85 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 94 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 94 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 94 Item 9B. Other Information 95 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 95 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 95 Item 11. Executive Compensation 96 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 96 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 96 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 96 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 97 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 121 Signatures 124 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks related to our business, financial position, and need for additional capital We are exploring strategic alternatives that could significantly impact our future operations and financial position. The outcomes of our recent clinical studies and resulting impact on our access to capital indicate substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not successfully consummate a strategic transaction, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution. We will need to raise additional capital. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results. We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and anticipate we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never generate revenue or be profitable. 
 Risks related to product development We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates or to develop commercially successful products. We may fail to expend our limited resources on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. We have concentrated our research and development efforts on the treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system, a field that has seen limited success in drug development. Further, our product candidates are based on new approaches and novel technology, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. We may encounter difficulties in commencing or completing our clinical studies, or in enrolling subjects in our clinical studies, thereby delaying or preventing development of our product candidates. Our clinical studies may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay, or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Risks related to regulatory approval and other legal compliance matters The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed. If any of our product candidates obtain regulatory approval, additional competitors could enter the market with generic versions of such drugs, which may result in a material decline in sales of affected products. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements or violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 Risks related to our reliance on third parties We rely, and expect that we will continue to rely, on third parties to conduct any clinical studies for our product candidates and on third party suppliers to manufacture our clinical drug supplies for our product candidates, including third parties outside the United States. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. We are dependent on single-source suppliers for some of the components and materials used in, and the processes required to develop, our product candidates. Our use of single-source suppliers of raw materials, components, key processes, and finished goods exposes us to several risks, including disruptions in supply, price increases, or late deliveries. 
 Risks related to our intellectual property rights If we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology, or obtain and maintain issued patents that are sufficient to protect our product candidates, others could compete against us more directly by developing and commercializing products similar or identical to ours, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Numerous factors may limit any potential competitive advantage provided by our intellectual property rights. 
 General company-related risks Our future success depends on our ability to retain our management team and to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitation. 
 Risks related to our common stock Market volatility may affect our stock price and the value of your investment. Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and, if they choose to act together, will be able to control or exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company , and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INDUSTRY DATA This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management and expected market growth are forward-looking 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, designed, project, should, target, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the Risk Factors section, that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, collaborations, joint ventures or investments that we may make or enter into. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. We are responsible for all of the disclosure contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we believe these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable. PART I Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, Aptinyx, we, us, and our refer to Aptinyx Inc. Our board of directors refers to the board of directors of Aptinyx Inc. Item 1. Business. Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel, proprietary, synthetic small molecules for the treatment of brain and nervous system disorders. We focus our efforts on targeting and modulating N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, or NMDArs, which are vital to normal and effective function of the brain and nervous system. We believe leveraging the therapeutic advantages of the differentiated modulatory mechanism of our compounds will drive a paradigm shift in the treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system. Our discovery platform is based on extensive original research into a novel way of modulating NMDArs. NMDArs are a subclass of receptors for glutamate, the principal excitatory neurotransmitter in the brain and are responsible for the patterns of connectivity in the brain that arise from repeated signal transmission. They underly a range of basic processes such as learning, memory, and emotion, and are involved in a number of nervous system disorders. In particular, hypo-functioning of NMDA receptors in specific parts of the brain is implicated in a variety of neurological disorders, including each of the indications in our development pipeline. Our molecules bind in a previously uncharacterized binding domain, or pocket, on NMDArs that is distinct from that of other NMDAr-targeted therapies. The mechanism by which our molecules positively modulate NMDArs triggers a cascade of activity that ultimately strengthens the synaptic connections between neural cells, resulting in stronger connections over time between these cells. The communication between neural cells is not only essential to routine function of the nervous system, but also allows the cells of the nervous system to learn, or adapt in response to external stimuli, through a process called synaptic plasticity. We believe our therapeutic approach, which positively modulates 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 NMDArs to enhance synaptic plasticity, affecting learning and memory processes, holds great promise for alleviating multiple disorders of the brain and nervous system. The foundation of our proprietary discovery platform is the ability to modulate NMDArs in a highly specific and selective manner to enhance synaptic plasticity. Rather than fully turning the receptor on (agonism) or off (antagonism), we believe our approach effectively normalizes NMDAr function, enhancing communication between neural cells and avoiding the issues associated with excessive unidirectional activation or inhibition that have limited NMDAr-targeted drug development historically. Our lead asset, NYX-783, is in Phase 1 clinical development for the treatment of opioid use disorder, or OUD, and in preclinical development for the treatment of alcohol use disorder, or AUD. NYX-783 modulates NMDA receptors to increase glutamatergic activity in key regions and may act to enhance extinction learning and alleviate the emotional symptoms of opioid withdrawal. To date, we have completed preclinical studies relevant to OUD demonstrating NYX-783 was safe and well-tolerated, improved emotional withdrawal symptoms, and reduced drug-seeking behavior during withdrawal. We have also observed similar effects of NYX-783 in preclinical dtudies relevant to AUD. These observations have informed an ongoing Phase 1 study being conducted by researchers at Yale University School of Medicine, supported by a 5.6 million grant from the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, and National Institute on Drug Abuse, or NIDA. In August 2022, we announced that we were discontinuing the development of NYX-2925 after two Phase 2b studies in chronic pain failed to demonstrate sufficent efficacy to support continued investment by Aptinyx. In February 2023, we discontinued the development of NYX-458 in cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson s disease and dementia with Lewy bodies, following results from an exploratory Phase 2 clinical study in which NYX-458 did not demonstrate clinically meaningful improvements over placebo on the study s efficacy endpoints The study results do not support continued development of NYX-458 by Aptinyx. In February 2023, we implementated a strategic restructuring plan to preserve capital, reduce operating costs, and maximize the value of our assets. Consistent with our cost-cutting measures and to better align our workforce with the needs of our business, we reduced our workforce by approximately 60 . Consistent with our capital preservation efforts, we executed an early termination of our then-ongoing Phase 2b study of NYX-783 in post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, to enable an analysis of the data to date (as of February 27, 2023). In March 2023, we completed an analysis of the data available to date (as of February 27, 2023) from the first 100 patients enrolled in our Phase 2b clinical study evaluating the effects of NYX-783 in patients with PTSD. In the analysis, NYX-783 did not demonstrate sufficient improvement on the study s primary endpoint to support continued development of the program by Aptinyx. As a result, Aptinyx will discontinue future development of NYX-783 in PTSD. In March 2023, we announced that we are exploring strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value and engaged Ladenburg Thalmann Co. as our exclusive financial advisor to assist in this process. Potential strategic alternatives that may be explored or evaluated as part of the company s ongoing evaluation include the potential for a merger, business combination, investment into the company, asset sale or other strategic transaction. No timetable has been established for the completion of this process, and we do not expect to disclose developments unless and until the Board of Directors has concluded that disclosure is appropriate or required. Our Strategy Our goal is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company in the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative therapies for disorders of the brain and nervous system with significant unmet medical needs. Key elements of our strategy are to: Advance the development of NYX-783 as a novel treatment for OUD and AUD. We believe NYX-783, if approved, could represent a transformative therapeutic option in OUD and AUD by 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 enhancing relapse prevention in people who use opioids and improving learning processes to address the emotional dysregulation that leads to harmful addictive behavior and vulnerability to relapse. NMDAr modulator discovery platform builds on our leadership in NMDAr biology. Our discovery platform has the potential to develop into a broad pipeline and product portfolio across an array of disorders of the brain and nervous system. Our pipeline is fueled by our library of over 1,000 unique, synthesized, small-molecule NMDAr modulators derived through our extensive original research and the discovery of a novel binding domain that we believe could allow for safe and effective enhancement of synaptic plasticity. All of these compounds have been designed to meet favorable central nervous system, or CNS, safety and pharmacokinetic, or PK, criteria. 
 Product Candidates From our Discovery Platform The following table summarizes the current status of our pipeline of developments programs. NYX-783 is a wholly owned development candidate generated from our discovery platform: While NYX-783 and the other molecules from our discovery platform modulate NMDArs, they are distinct chemical entities with different pharmacologic properties. Each of our molecules binds uniquely within the binding domain, resulting in a variety of activity, potency, and NMDAr-subtype selectivity profiles. We evaluate the therapeutic implications of these variations by interrogating our molecules across different preclinical models of brain and nervous system disorders. The data we collect from these preclinical studies indicate which molecules are better suited for different indications and inform our development decisions accordingly. NYX-783 for the Treatment of Substance Use Disorders NYX-783 is a novel, oral, small-molecule NMDAr positive allosteric modulator in development for the treatment of substance use disorders, including OUD and AUD. Preclinical Studies in OUD and AUD In preclinical studies relevant to OUD, NYX-783 showed positive effects in reducing oxycodone consumption and oxycodone-seeking behavior. The studies also demonstrated that NYX-783 has a strong and relevant safety profile (e.g., no respiratory depression when administered in combination with an opiate). 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In November 2022, a 5.6 million grant to support the research and development of NYX-783 for the treatment of OUD was finalized under the NIH Helping to End Addiction Long-term (HEAL) Initiative, administered by NIDA, A Phase 1 clinical study of NYX-783 in individuals using opioids is being conducted at the Yale Interdisciplinary Stress Center through a research collaboration with Aptinyx. NMDA receptors are critically involved in extinction learning, a process of active learning where new associations are formed between cues and their previously associated outcomes. The neuronal systems required for extinction learning are negatively impacted by alcohol and stress/trauma. NYX-783 may be an effective therapeutic in AUD due to its potential to normalize alcohol-induced deficits, in part, by enhancing plasticity and learning processes in rats. NYX-783 significantly reduced relapse-like behavior precipitated by cues associated with ethanol in rats with a history of ethanol dependance or stress. We believe NYX-783, if approved, may represent a significant improvement over current treatments for OUD and AUD. Phase 1 Clinical Study for OUD The Phase 1 study will be a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to assess the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of NYX-783 50 mg and 150 mg, in combination with oxycodone 15 mg and 30 mg, in individuals who use opioids. The primary outcome measures in the study will evaluate a variety of safety-related measures, including change in respiratory rate, oxygenation saturation, blood pressure, heart rate, and cardiac activity over three weeks. Secondary outcome measures will evaluate opiate withdrawal and symptom scales over three weeks. OUD Prevalence and Market Opportunity OUD is a chronic brain disease in which people continue to use opioids despite harms caused by their use. OUD affects nearly three million people in the United States and over 80,000 people died from overdoses involving opioids in 2021. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Over-prescription of opioid pain killers, insufficient drug prescription controls, a rise in illicit heroin use, and the emergence of potent synthetic forms (e.g., fentanyl) have all contributed to the continuation of the opioid crisis and related overdose epidemic. While medication-assisted therapies for opioid users (e.g., methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone) are available, many with OUD remain treatment refractory and vulnerable to recurrent cycles of relapse and drug use. An analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) attributed a 471 billion societal cost to OUD in the United States during 2017. The most common treatments for OUD are directed at achieving abstinence and include psychological and social interventions. Buprenorphine, methadone and naltrexone are used as maintenance therapy with the primary goal of preventing relapse while naloxone is used as rescue therapy for opioid overdose. Access to treatments such as buprenorphine and methadone is limited by their treatment regimens and inherent risks of abuse, placing significant requirements and regulations on practitioners. In addition to these limitations, current treatment options are not highly effective; Up to 90 of patients undergoing OUD therapy experience relapse. Despite the limitations of current treatment options, the worldwide market for OUD therapies totaled 1.9 billion in 2018, the vast majority of which came from the United States. Furthermore, due to the significant increase in opioid use and the heightened response to the opioid crisis, the worldwide market for opioid abuse therapies is projected to grow by over 10 per year, signaling significant need for new treatment options. Future Development We intend to advance NYX-783 toward regulatory approval for the treatment of OUD and AUD. In addition to pursing FDA approval in the United States in these indications, we also plan to explore registrations outside of the United States in the most significant markets. Competition Overview Our industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. The large and growing markets for disorders of the brain and nervous system make them attractive therapeutic areas for biopharmaceutical businesses. While we believe that our employees and consultants, scientific knowledge, technology, and development experience provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions. Several of these entities have commercial products, robust drug pipelines, readily available capital, and established research and development organizations. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Many of our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical studies, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical study sites and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Small or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the level of branded and generic competition, and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. NMDAr-targeted therapies A number of pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and specialty pharmaceutical companies are developing therapies targeting NMDArs. Most of the therapies being developed are broad antagonists and tend to have multiple target actions while our 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 compounds are truly modulatory and have not demonstrated any off-target activity in preclinical screening. We are aware of other companies developing or commercializing NMDAr-targeted therapies, including but not limited to, Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc., ATAI Life Sciences NV, Avanir Pharmaceuticals Inc., Axsome Therapeutics Inc., Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co. Ltd., Cerecor Inc., C.H. Boehringer Sohn AG Ko. KG , Eli Lilly and Company, Gate Neurosceinces Inc., Genentech Inc., Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc., Neumora Therapeutics Inc., Novartis International AG, Relmada Therapeutics Inc., Sage Therapeutics Inc., and Vistagen Therapeutics Inc. NYX-783 Opioid use disorder We expect that, if approved, NYX-783 will compete with currently approved therapies for OUD, including buprenorphine, methadone and naltrexone. We are also aware of other companies developing therapies for OUD, including but not limited to Alkermes, AstraZeneca PLC, Atai Life Sciences, BioXcel Therapeutics Inc., Cerevel Therapeutics Holding Inc. and Indivior PLC. Research collaboration agreement with Allergan The jointly funded research activities and option exercise period under our Research Collaboration Agreement, or RCA, with Allergan (now a subsidiary of AbbVie) came to their contractual conclusions in August 2020 and February 2021, respectively. Consistent with the terms of the RCA, AbbVie optioned two compounds from our NMDAr modulator discovery platform. Overview In July 2015, we entered into an RCA with Allergan, pursuant to which we and Allergan have research, development, and commercial rights to compounds discovered using our discovery platform. The research collaboration was structured to afford Allergan an option to obtain field-limited rights for up to three of the compounds discovered under the research collaboration. In exchange for these rights, Allergan reimbursed us for a certain percentage of the direct costs associated with the medicinal chemistry, screening, and profiling efforts conducted as part of the research collaboration. Allergan also paid us a fixed annual rate per full time employee, or FTE, for each individual assigned to these discovery efforts. During the term of the RCA, Allergan could exercise up to three options to acquire full rights (including field-limited development and commercialization rights) for compounds from our discovery platform. Allergan research, development, and commercialization on optioned compounds is limited to a field of specified indications, including Alzheimer s disease, delirium, and a list of psychiatric disorders (which list does not include PTSD or substance use disorder). By their terms, these field-related restrictions pertaining to Allergan s license rights survive the expiration of the Agreement and the exclusivity period. Under this agreement, each time Allergan exercised an option, it was required to pay us an option exercise fee of 1.0 million and we were required to (a) assign to Allergan rights in intellectual property that pertains only to the Allergan-optioned compound if possible, and (b) grant Allergan a fully-paid, perpetual, exclusive (including with regard to Aptinyx) and irrevocable license under other intellectual property we control that pertains to both the optioned compound and also pertains to other compounds or uses, solely to develop and commercialize the optioned compound within Allergan s field of specified indications. On May 16, 2018, Allergan exercised its option to acquire the compound designated AGN-241751, triggering payment of a 1.0 million option fee in connection with such exercise. On February 23, 2021, Allergan exercised its option to acquire the compound designated AGN-281705, triggering payment of a 1.0 million option fee in connection with such exercise. We will receive no further economic consideration from these product candidates. As the period of jointly funded research and option exercise period under this agreement have now reached their contractual conclusions, Allergan has no additional option exercise rights. We may research and develop any of our compounds as therapies for any indication outside of Allergan s field of specified indications. We have invented, and therefore own, most intellectual property pertaining to compounds from our discovery platform, but Allergan must grant us a non-exclusive license under any intellectual property rights Allergan may own related to our compounds to develop and commercialize compounds outside of Allergan s field of specified indications. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 During the exclusivity period set forth in the agreement (which period expires on the third anniversary of the end of the RCA term), we have agreed not to, alone or with a third party, directly or indirectly, engage in the research, preclinical development, clinical development, or commercialization of any compound or any product for the purpose of the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of any disorders or conditions in Allergan s field of specified indications. In addition, any chemistry or technology we discover or develop related to the modulation of NMDArs for therapeutic effect is and will be subject to the terms of the agreement, including any exclusive license granted to Allergan in Allergan s field of specified indications. Under the terms of the license granted under the RCA, for a period that extends beyond the expiration of the RCA term and the exclusivity period, Allergan and its affiliates will not have the right to, alone or with a third party, directly or indirectly, engage in the research, preclinical development, clinical development, or commercialization of the compounds it acquires under the research collaboration for the purpose of the treatment, prevention, or diagnosis of any disorders or conditions outside Allergan s field of specified indications, without first obtaining our approval at our sole discretion. The term of the RCA expired on the expiration of Allergan s option period on February 24, 2021, subject to the completion of all post-option transfer activities. This collaboration has enabled both parties to advance compounds from our discovery platform into clinical studies. Manufacturing We do not have any manufacturing facilities or personnel. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacturing of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacturing if our product candidates receive marketing approval. As a key part of our product development approach, we aim to complete formulation work at an early stage of development, such that our clinical studies are conducted with a formulation that has the potential for eventual scale-up. All of our product candidates are small molecules and are manufactured in reliable and reproducible synthetic processes from readily available starting materials. The chemistry does not require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process, although certain manufacturers may choose to manufacture our product candidates in specifically isolated facilities since many are spiro-beta lactams. We expect to continue to develop product candidates that can be produced cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. Commercialization We intend to develop and, if approved by the FDA, to commercialize our product candidates in the United States. We may work in combination with one or more large pharmaceutical partners for certain indications. Depending on the specific development path pursued, this may include larger chronic pain indications. For other, more specialized indications, we intend to commercialize our product candidates independently. For example, we believe the patient and prescriber populations for Parkinson s disease cognitive impairment are relatively concentrated and can be addressed with a focused sales team of fewer than 200 full-time employees. We also do not believe any existing pharmaceutical companies have significant expertise in the commercialization of therapies in this specific area. We will, however, continuously review our partnering strategy in the light of new clinical data and market understanding. We may enter into distribution or licensing arrangements for commercialization rights for other regions outside the United States. Intellectual property Our owned patents and patent applications relate to our NMDAr modulating compounds and include patents and patent applications directed to new compositions of matter and to methods of treating brain and nervous system disorders. We intend to seek patent protection in the United States and in selected jurisdictions worldwide. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 NYX-2925 and NYX-783 As of February 15, 2023, we own two issued U.S. patents and one pending U.S. patent application, and pending and issued foreign counterpart patents and patent applications, that relate to both NYX-2925 and NYX-783. We also own one issued U.S. patent and two pending U.S. patent applications that relate to NYX-2925, and two issued U.S. patents, as well as one pending international patent application filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), that relate to NYX-783. An international PCT patent application is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a patent application in regional or national patent offices within 30 or 31 months of filing of the earliest-filed priority patent application. The issued U.S. patents are expected to expire in 2034. If we continue to pursue patent protection and file one or more patent applications with respect to our pending international PCT patent application, and if any patents issue based on our pending applications, we expect such patents, if issued, to expire between 2034 and 2041. NYX-458 As of February 15, 2023, we own three issued U.S. patents, and three pending U.S. patent applications, and pending and issued foreign counterpart patents and patent applications, that relate to our product candidate, NYX-458. The issued U.S. patents are expected to expire in 2037. If we continue to pursue patent protection, and if any patents issue based on our pending applications, we expect such patents, if issued, to expire between 2037 and 2040. Other compounds As of February 15, 2023, we own twenty issued U.S. patents, five pending U.S. patent applications, and pending and issued foreign counterpart patents and patent applications, as well as eight U.S. provisional patent applications, all of which generally relate to our efforts to develop other compounds in our NMDAr modulator small molecule program. Provisional patent applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing the provisional patent applications. The issued U.S. patents are expected to expire between 2034 and 2037. If we continue to pursue patent protection and file one or more non-provisional patent applications with respect to our pending provisional patent applications, and if any patents issue based on our pending applications, we expect such patents, if issued, to expire between 2034 and 2043. For a discussion of the risks associated with our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks related to our intellectual property rights. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug products. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific to each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. U.S. drug development In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Additionally, a manufacturer may need to recall a product from the market. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA through the NDA process before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: completion of extensive nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, regulations; submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin; approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical study site before each study may be initiated; performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies in accordance with applicable IND and other clinical study-related regulations, referred to as good clinical practices, or GCPs, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for each proposed indication; submission to the FDA of an NDA for a new drug; a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the NDA for review; satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; potential FDA audit of the nonclinical study and/or clinical study sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and FDA review and approval of the NDA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 
 The nonclinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. The data required to support an NDA is generated in two distinct development stages: nonclinical and clinical. For new chemical entities, the nonclinical development stage generally involves synthesizing the active component, developing the formulation and determining the manufacturing process, as well as carrying out non-human toxicology, pharmacology and drug metabolism studies in the laboratory, which support subsequent clinical testing. These nonclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation, stability and toxicity, as well as animal studies to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the nonclinical tests must comply with federal regulations, including GLPs. The sponsor must submit the results of the nonclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. Some nonclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted, but an IND must become effective before human clinical studies may begin. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for human trials. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical studies, including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks, and places the IND on clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical studies to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that could cause the study to be suspended or terminated. The FDA also may impose a partial clinical hold which places limits on a clinical study, such as limiting the dosing to a certain level or duration. The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the drug candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Further, each clinical study must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, at or servicing each institution at which the clinical study will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical studies are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical study subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical study until completion. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and completed clinical study results to public registries. As part of the 21 st Century Cures Act, or the Cures Act, which was signed into law on December 13, 2016, upon request, the FDA is to establish a process for the qualification of drug development tools. A drug development tool includes a biomarker including a surrogate endpoint, a clinical outcome assessment including a patient-reported outcome, and any other method, material or measure that the FDA determines aids drug development and regulatory review. A drug development tool is qualified if the FDA has determined that the tool and its proposed context of use can be relied upon to have a specific interpretation and application in drug development and regulatory review. A qualified drug development tool may be used to support the investigational use of a drug or support or obtain NDA approval. A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical study outside the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical study under an IND. If a foreign clinical study is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical study to the FDA in support of an NDA so long as the clinical study is conducted in compliance with GCP and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if the agency deems it necessary. Clinical studies Clinical studies are generally conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap, known as Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 clinical studies. Phase 1 clinical studies generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical studies is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability, and safety of the drug. Phase 2 clinical studies typically involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits and provide a preliminary evaluation of efficacy. At the same time, safety, and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, as well as identification of possible adverse effects and safety risks. 
 Phase 3 clinical studies generally involve large numbers of patients at multiple sites (from several hundred to several thousand subjects) and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product candidate for its intended use and its safety in use, to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product candidate, and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling. Phase 3 clinical studies may include comparisons with placebo and/or comparator treatments. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Post-approval studies, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical studies as a condition of approval of an NDA. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical studies must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators within 15 calendar days for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, a finding from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggests a significant risk for human subjects, and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. Additionally, a sponsor must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days. Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 clinical studies may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical studies are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study. Pursuant to the Cures Act, the manufacturer of an investigational drug for a serious disease or condition is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on evaluating and responding to requests for individual patient access to such investigational drug. This requirement applies on the earlier of the first initiation of a Phase 2 or Phase 3 study of the investigational drug, or as applicable, 15 days after the drug receives a designation as a breakthrough therapy, fast track product, or regenerative advanced therapy. Concurrently with clinical studies, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. NDA and FDA review process The results of the nonclinical studies and clinical studies, together with other detailed information, including extensive manufacturing information and information on the composition of the drug and proposed labeling, are submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug for one or more specified indications. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a drug is safe and effective for its intended use and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality, and purity. FDA approval of an NDA must be obtained before a drug may be offered for sale in the United States. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, as amended, an NDA or supplement to an NDA must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each NDA must be accompanied by a user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. According to the FDA s fee schedule, effective from October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022, the user fee for an application requiring clinical data, such as an NDA, is 3,117,218. PDUFA also imposes an annual prescription drug product program fee for human drugs 369,413). Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 by a small business. The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, for drugs that do not contain an NCE, the FDA has 10 months from the receipt date in which to complete its initial review of a standard NDA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the receipt date for a priority NDA. For drugs containing an NCE, these ten- and six-month review timeframes are from the filing date of an NDA. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs, and the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. After the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMPs. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. In addition, before approving an NDA, the FDA may also audit data from clinical studies to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. The FDA will likely re-analyze the clinical study data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. The review and evaluation of an NDA by the FDA is extensive and time consuming and may take longer than originally planned to complete, and we may not receive a timely approval, if at all. After the FDA evaluates an NDA, it may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application is not ready for approval. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical study(s), and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical studies, nonclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may resubmit the NDA addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, withdraw the application, or request an opportunity for a hearing. Even if such data and information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. There is no assurance that the FDA will ultimately approve a drug product for marketing in the United States and we may encounter significant difficulties or costs during the review process. If a product receives marketing approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling or may condition the approval of the NDA on other changes to the proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct post-marketing testing or clinical studies and surveillance to monitor the effects of approved products. For example, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing which involves clinical studies designed to further assess a drug s safety and efficacy and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. The FDA also may place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory requirements or if problems occur following initial marketing. Orphan drug designation Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication but that could be used off-label in the orphan indication. Orphan drug exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval before we do for the same product, as defined by the FDA, for the same indication we are seeking approval, or if our product is determined to be contained within the scope of the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If one of our products designated as an orphan drug receives marketing approval for an indication broader than that which is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug status in the European Union has similar, but not identical, requirements and benefits. Expedited development and review programs The FDA has a Fast Track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new drug may request the FDA to designate the drug as a Fast Track product at any time during the clinical development of the product. Unique to a Fast Track product, the FDA may review sections of the marketing application on a rolling basis before the complete NDA is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under the Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or offers a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new drug designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, a drug may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinical development. The benefits of breakthrough therapy designation include the same benefits as fast track designation, plus intensive guidance from FDA to ensure an efficient drug development program. Fast Track 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 designation, priority review, and breakthrough designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Pediatric trials The FDCA requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within sixty days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and the FDA. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from nonclinical studies, early phase clinical studies and/or other clinical development programs. Post-marketing requirements Following approval of a new product, a pharmaceutical company and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and recordkeeping activities, reporting to the FDA of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, applicable product tracking and tracing requirements, and complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the drug s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement, which may require the applicant to develop additional data or conduct additional nonclinical studies and clinical studies. As with new NDAs, the review process is often significantly extended by FDA s requests for additional information or clarification. Any distribution of prescription drug products and pharmaceutical samples must comply with the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or the PDMA, a part of the FDCA. Manufacturers and other parties involved in the drug supply chain for prescription drug products must also comply with product tracking and tracing requirements and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the United States. In the United States, once a product is approved, its manufacture is subject to comprehensive and continuing regulation by the FDA. The FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with cGMP. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. NDA holders using contract manufacturers, laboratories or packagers are responsible for the selection and monitoring of qualified firms, and, in certain circumstances, qualified suppliers to these firms. These manufacturers must comply with cGMP regulations that require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. The discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to cGMP, could result in enforcement actions that interrupt the operation of any such facilities or the ability to distribute products manufactured, processed or tested by them. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved NDA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. Changes in statutes, regulations, or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. Orange Book listing Section 505 of the FDCA describes three types of marketing applications that may be submitted to the FDA to request marketing authorization for a new drug. A Section 505(b)(1) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and efficacy. A Section 505(b)(2) NDA is an application in which the applicant, in part, relies on investigations that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. Section 505(j) establishes an abbreviated approval process for a generic version of approved drug products through the submission of an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a generic drug product that has the same active ingredients, dosage form, strength, route of administration, labeling, performance characteristics and intended use, among other things, to a previously approved product. Limited changes must be preapproved by the FDA via a suitability petition. ANDAs are termed abbreviated because they are generally not required to include nonclinical and clinical data to establish safety and efficacy. Instead, generic applicants must scientifically demonstrate that their product is bioequivalent to, or performs in the same manner as, the innovator drug through in vitro, in vivo, or other testing. The generic version must deliver the same amount of active ingredients into a subject s bloodstream in the same amount of time as the innovator drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the reference listed drug. In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA certain patents having claims that cover the applicant s product and method of use. Upon approval of an NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, also known as the Orange Book. These products may be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA. Any applicant who files an ANDA seeking approval of a generic equivalent version of a drug listed in the Orange Book or a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing a drug listed in the Orange Book must make patent certifications to the FDA that (1) no patent information on the drug or method of use that is the subject of the application has been submitted to the FDA; (2) the patent has expired; (3) the date on which the patent will expire and approval will not be sought until after the patent expiration; or (4) the patent is invalid or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use, or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted. The last certification is known as a paragraph IV certification. Generally, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA cannot be approved until all listed patents have expired, except where the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant challenges a listed patent through a paragraph IV certification or if the applicant is not seeking approval of a patented method of use. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents or does not indicate that it is not seeking approval of a patented method of use, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA application will not be approved until all of the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the competitor has provided a paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the competitor must also send notice of the paragraph IV certification to the holder of the NDA for the reference listed drug and the patent owner within 20 days after the application has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA holder or patent owner may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a paragraph IV certification notice prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application until the earlier of 30 months from the date of the lawsuit, expiration of the patent, settlement of 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 the lawsuit, a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant or such shorter or longer period as may be ordered by a court. This prohibition is generally referred to as the 30-month stay. In instances where an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant files a paragraph IV certification, the NDA holder or patent owners regularly take action to trigger the 30-month stay, recognizing that the related patent litigation may take many months or years to resolve. Thus, approval of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA could be delayed for a significant period of time depending on the patent certification the applicant makes and the reference drug sponsor s decision to initiate patent litigation. U.S. marketing exclusivity Marketing exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. The FDCA provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA, if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving abbreviated new drug applications, or ANDAs, for drugs containing the active agent for the original indication or condition of use. The FDCA also provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for an NCE. A drug is an NCE if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended for the same indication as the original innovator drug or for another indication, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. While we believe there is a likelihood that the FDA would grant NCE status to both NYX-2925 and NYX-783 if both are granted regulatory approval, NYX-2925 and NYX-783 have the same structural formula but differ in spatial orientation, i.e., are separate stereoisomers of each other, and there can be no assurance that both will be granted NCE exclusivity. Three-year and five-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the nonclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical studies necessary to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. U.S. patent-term extension Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of our current product candidates or any future product candidate, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch Waxman Act. The Hatch Waxman Act permits extension of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during FDA regulatory review process. Patent term extension, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term extension period is generally one half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension (and only those patent claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended), and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. A patent that covers multiple products for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection with one of the approvals. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension. In the future, we may apply for extension of patent term for our currently owned patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical studies and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 However, there can be no assurance that the USPTO will grant us any requested patent term extension, either for the length we request or at all. Other regulatory matters Manufacturing, sales, promotion, and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the United States, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services including the Office of the Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local regulatory authorities. In the United States, sales, marketing and scientific/educational programs must also comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws. These laws include: the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order, arrangement or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others, on the other. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the AKS without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act or federal civil money penalties statute; the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, imposes criminal and civil liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, those independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain, transmit or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, there may be additional federal, state and non-U.S. laws which govern the privacy and security of health and other personal information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts; the federal transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Sunshine Act, under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, require manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report to the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, information related to physician (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) payments and other transfers of value and teaching hospitals, as well as physician ownership and investment interests, including such interests held 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 by their immediate family. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations extend to include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners; federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; and federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws and transparency laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third- party payors, including private insurers, and some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and drug pricing. Data privacy and security laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions may be more stringent than those in the United States (such as the European Union, which adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective in May 2018). State laws may govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect. In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. Other regulations may affect other aspects of our business. For example, pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. There has also been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians. Certain states mandate implementation of compliance programs, impose restrictions on drug manufacturers marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. European Union drug development In the European Union, our future products may also be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the United States, medicinal products can only be marketed if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. Similar to the United States, the various phases of nonclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory controls. In April 2014, the EU adopted a new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014, which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC on January 31, 2022. The transitory provisions of the new Clinical Trials Regulation offer sponsors the possibility to choose between the requirements of the previous Directive and the new Clinical Trials 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation if the request for authorization of a clinical trial is submitted in the year after the new Clinical Trials Regulation became applicable. If the sponsor chooses to submit under the previous Directive, the clinical trial continues to be governed by the Directive until three years after the new Clinical Trials Regulation became applicable. If a clinical trial continues for more than three years after the Clinical Trials Regulation became applicable, the new Regulation will at that time begin to apply to the clinical trial. The new Clinical Trials Regulation overhauls the current system of approvals for clinical studies in the EU. Specifically, the new Clinical Trials Regulation, which is directly applicable in all Member States, aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical studies in the EU. The main characteristics of the Clinical Trials Regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point through the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts (Part I contains scientific and medicinal product documentation and Part II contains the national and patient-level documentation). Part I is assessed by a coordinated review by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Concerned Member States) of a draft report prepared by a Reference Member State. Part II is assessed separately by each Concerned Member State. Strict deadlines have also been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. European Union drug review and approval In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. There are two types of marketing authorizations: The centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, of the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EU and the additional Member States of the European Economic Area (Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), or EEA. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as products produced by biotechnological processes, orphan medicinal products and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EU, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. Under the centralized procedure the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MA application by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. Clock stops may extend the timeframe of evaluation of an MA application considerably beyond 210 days. Where the CHMP gives a positive opinion, the EMA provides the opinion together with supporting documentation to the European Commission, who make the final decision to grant a marketing authorization, which is issued within 67 days of receipt of the EMA s recommendation. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation of an MA application under the accelerated assessment procedure is of 150 days, excluding stop-clocks, but it is possible that the CHMP may revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it determines that the application is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EU, this national MA can be recognized in another Member States through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State, or RMS. The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics, or SmPC, and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Concerned Member States) for their approval. If the Concerned Member States 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling, or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Concerned Member States). Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. Now that the UK (which comprises Great Britain and Northern Ireland) has left the EU, Great Britain will no longer be covered by centralized MAs (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, centralized MAs will continue to be recognized in Northern Ireland). All medicinal products with a current centralized MA were automatically converted to Great Britain MAs on January 1, 2021. For a period of two years from January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, the UK medicines regulator, may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new MA in the centralized procedure, in order to more quickly grant a new Great Britain MA. A separate application will, however, still be required. European Union new chemical data and market entity exclusivity In the EU, innovative medicinal products, sometimes referred to as new active substances, approved on the basis of a complete independent data package qualify for eight years of data exclusivity upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity. The data exclusivity, if granted, prevents generic applicants from referencing the innovator s preclinical and trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization in the EU, for a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar product can be marketed in the EU until the expiration of the market exclusivity period. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are determined to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with currently approved therapies. Even if an innovative medicinal product gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company could nevertheless also market another version of the product if such company obtained a marketing authorization based on an application with a complete and independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials. European Union orphan designation and exclusivity In the EU, the European Commission, based on the recommendation of the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, grants orphan designation to promote the development of products that are: (1) intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) it is unlikely that the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment in its development); and (3)there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, if such a method exists, the product would be a significant benefit to those affected by the condition). In the EU, orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity is granted following medicinal product approval, during which the EMA cannot grant an MA for a similar medicinal product. A similar medicinal product is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. This period is extended by two years for compliance with an agreed upon pediatric investigation plan granted at the time of review of the orphan designation. This period may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year it is determined that the orphan designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar product for the same indication at any time, if (i) the holder of the marketing 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application, (ii) the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply sufficient quantities of the orphan medicinal product, or (iii) the second applicant can establish that the second medicinal product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the authorized orphan medicinal product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. European data collection The collection, use, storage, disclosure, transfer, or processing of personal data, including personal health data, in the EEA is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, or GDPR, which became effective May 25, 2018 and related applicable data protection and privacy laws of the Member States of the EEA. The GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for data controllers of personal data, including imposing special requirements in respect of the processing of health and other sensitive data (such as higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities, expanded disclosures about how personal data is used, requirements to conduct privacy impact assessments for high risk processing, limitations on retention of personal data, mandatory data breach notification and privacy by design requirements, safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, and other measures to take when engaging third-party processors). EEA Member States may introduce further conditions, including limitations which could limit our ability to collect, use and share personal data (including health and medical information), or could cause our compliance costs to increase. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA to countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection, like the U.S. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission issued new forms of standard contractual clauses for data transfers from controllers or processors in the EU/EEA (or otherwise subject to the GDPR) to controllers or processors established outside the EU/EEA (and not subject to the GDPR). The new standard contractual clauses replace the standard contractual clauses that were adopted previously under the EU Data Protection Directive. The UK is not subject to the EC s new standard contractual clauses but has published a draft version of a UK-specific transfer mechanism, which, once finalized, will enable transfers from the UK. Following a ruling from the Court of Justice of the European Union, in Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland Limited and Maximillian Schrems Schrems II ), Case C-311/18 Schrems II ), companies relying on standard contractual clauses to govern transfers of personal data to third countries (in particular the United States) will need to assess whether the data importer can ensure sufficient guarantees for safeguarding the personal data under GDPR. This assessment includes assessing whether third party vendors can also ensure these guarantees. We will be required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted data transfers under the EU and UK GDPR and doing so will require significant effort and cost. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EEA Member States may result in fines up to 20 million Euros or 4 of a company s global annual revenues for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. The authorities have shown a willingness to impose significant fines and issue orders preventing the processing of personal data on non-compliant businesses. Moreover, the GDPR grants data subjects the right to claim material and non-material damages resulting from infringement of the GDPR and other European data protection laws. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR or other applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to change our use of data, enforcement notices, or potential civil claims including class action type litigation. Given the breadth and depth of data protection obligations, maintaining compliance with the GDPR will require significant time, resources and expense, and we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with our obligations under the GDPR will be sufficient. This may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further to the United Kingdom s (UK) exit from the EU on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the UK at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the UK s European Union 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law (referred to as the UK GDPR ). The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. Brexit and the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom In June 2016, the electorate in the UK voted in favor of leaving the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit , and the UK officially withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020. Pursuant to the formal withdrawal arrangements agreed between the UK and the EU, the UK was subject to a transition period until December 31, 2020, or Transition Period, during which EU rules continued to apply. However, the EU and the UK have concluded a trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, which was provisionally applicable since January 1, 2021 and has been formally applicable since May 1, 2021. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP documents issued, but does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations. At present, Great Britain has implemented European Union legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the European Union regulatory framework will continue to apply in Northern Ireland). The regulatory regime in Great Britain therefore largely aligns with current EU regulations, however it is possible that these regimes will diverge in future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical legislation. For example, the UK has implemented the now repealed Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC into national law through the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004 (as amended). The extent to which the regulation of clinical trials in the UK will mirror the new Clinical Trials Regulation now that has come into effect is not yet known, however the MHRA has conducted a consultation on a set of proposals designed to improve and strengthen the UK clinical trials legislation. Rest of the world regulation For other countries outside of the European Union and the United States, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical studies, product licensing, pricing, and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases the clinical studies must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Reimbursement Sales of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. In the United States no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists. While the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor by payor basis. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved or that any required patient cost-sharing amount will be acceptable to the patient. Moreover, one payor s decision to cover a particular drug product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service, or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Our ability to commercialize any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors. Third-party payors decide which therapeutics they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a therapeutic is: a covered benefit under its health plan; safe, effective and medically necessary; appropriate for the specific patient; cost-effective; and neither experimental nor investigational. 
 We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage may also be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain regulatory approval. Third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical products and services. Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover our products could reduce physician usage of the products and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, established the Medicare Part D program to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides funding for the federal government to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. The plan for the research was published in 2012 by the Department of Health and Human Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and periodic reports on the status of the research and related expenditures will be made to Congress. In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Healthcare Reform In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and likely will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system directed at broadening the availability of healthcare, improving the quality of healthcare, and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA was enacted in the United States. The ACA includes measures that have significantly changed, and are expected to continue to significantly change, the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the ACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical industry are that the ACA: made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs to 23.1 of average manufacturer price, or AMP, and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. imposed a requirement on manufacturers of branded drugs to provide a 50 (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective as of January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discount off the negotiated price of branded drugs dispensed to Medicare Part D beneficiaries in the coverage gap (i.e., donut hole as a condition for a manufacturer s outpatient drugs being covered under Medicare Part D. extended a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations. expanded the entities eligible for discounts under the 340B Drug Discount Program. established a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected. imposed an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs. established a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research. The research conducted by the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute may affect the market for certain pharmaceutical products. The ACA established the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Since its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the U.S. Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an Executive Order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The Executive Order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures of the Biden administrations or other efforts, if any, to challenge repeal or replace the ACA, will impact our business. In addition, other legislative and regulatory changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted: On August 2, 2011, the U.S. Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Following the temporary suspension, a 1 payment reduction will occur beginning April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022, and the 2 payment reduction will resume on July 1, 2022. On January 2, 2013, the U.S. American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers. On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. On December 20, 2019, former President Trump signed into law the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act (H.R. 1865), which repealed the Cadillac tax, the health insurance provider tax, and the medical device excise tax. It is impossible to determine whether similar taxes could be instated in the future. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. Specifically, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. At the federal level, President Biden signed an Executive Order on July 9, 2021 affirming the administration s policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the prices of prescription drug and biologics, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs and biosimilars; and (ii) support the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among other things, the Executive Order also directs the Department of Health and Human Services HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs, enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce the price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the industry; and directs the FDA to work with states and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 804 Importation Programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. FDA released such implementing regulations on September 24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. On September 25, 2020, CMS stated drugs imported by states under this rule will not be eligible for federal rebates under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act and manufacturers would not report these drugs for best price or Average Manufacturer Price purposes. Since these drugs are not considered covered outpatient drugs, CMS further stated it will not publish a National Average Drug Acquisition Cost for these drugs. If implemented, importation of drugs from Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. Further, on November 20, 2020 CMS issued an Interim Final Rule implementing the Most Favored Nation, or MFN, Model under which Medicare Part B reimbursement rates would have been be calculated for certain drugs and biologicals based on the lowest price drug manufacturers receive in Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries with a similar gross domestic product per capita. However, on December 29, 2021 CMS rescinded the Most Favored Nations rule. Additionally, on November 30, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to court order, the removal and addition of the aforementioned safe harbors were delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 1, 2026. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain drug access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our drugs or put pressure on our drug pricing, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Human Capital Resources As of March 15, 2023, we employed 12 full-time employees, including 3 in research and development and 9 in general and administrative, and no part-time employees. Two of our employees hold M.D. or Ph.D. degrees. We have never had a work stoppage, and none of our employees is represented by a labor organization or under any collective- bargaining arrangements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our human capital objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating existing and new employees, advisors, and consultants. Our success depends on our ability to attract, engage, and retain a diverse group of employees. We value our employees and regularly benchmark total rewards we provide, such as short and long term compensation, including stock-based compensation awards and payments of cash-based performance bonus awards, 401(k) contributions, health, welfare and quality of life benefits, paid time off and personal leave, against our industry peers to ensure we remain competitive and attractive to potential new hires. We also conduct employee engagement surveys to evaluate our success with respect to our human capital objectives and to allow us to retain and incentivize our existing employees. By focusing on employee retention and engagement, we improve our ability to support our clinical trials, our pipeline, and our business and operations, and also protect the long-term interests of our securityholders. Our Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in June 2015. Our principal executive offices are located at 909 Davis Street, Suite 600, Evanston, Illinois 60201. Our telephone number is (847) 871-0377, and our website is located at www.aptinyx.com. References to our website are inactive textual references only and the content of our website should not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge on our website located at www.aptinyx.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These reports are also available at the SEC s Internet website at www.sec.gov. A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are posted on our website, www.aptinyx.com, under Investors Media . Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition, as well as our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, before investing in our common stock. Any of the risk factors we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The market price of our common stock could decline if one or more of these risks or uncertainties actually occur, causing you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties we describe below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business. Certain statements below are forward-looking statements. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks related to our business, financial position, and need for additional capital We are exploring strategic alternatives that could significantly impact our future operations and financial position. In March 2023, we announced that we are exploring strategic alternatives with the goal of maximizing shareholder value and have engaged Ladenburg Thalmann Co. as our exclusive financial advisor to assist in this process. Potential strategic alternatives that may be considered as part of this process include an acquisition, merger, reverse merger, other business combination, sales of assets, licensing or other strategic transactions. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in any agreements or transactions, or that, if completed, any agreements or transactions will be successful or on attractive terms. No timetable has been established for the completion of this 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 process, and we do not expect to disclose developments unless and until the Board of Directors has concluded that disclosure is appropriate or required. If we determine to change our business strategy or to seek to engage in a strategic transaction, our future business, prospects, financial position and operating results could be significantly different than those in historical periods or projected by our management. Because of the significant uncertainty regarding our future plans, we are not able to accurately predict the impact of a potential change in our business strategy and future funding requirements. Until the review process is concluded, perceived uncertainties related to our future may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and volatility in the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. The outcomes of our recent clinical studies and resulting impact on our access to capital indicate substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. We have incurred net losses and used significant cash in operating activities since inception, and we expect to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 352.7 million and cash and cash equivalents of 56.2 million. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and to satisfy our estimated liquidity needs for twelve months from the issuance of the financial statements. If we continue to experience operating losses, and we are not able to generate additional liquidity through a capital raise or other cash infusion, we might need to secure additional sources of funds, which may or may not be available to us. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to further scale back or discontinue the development of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives or initiate steps to cease operations. If we do not successfully consummate a strategic transaction, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of our company. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such liquidation as well as the amount of cash that will need to be reserved for commitments and contingent liabilities. There can be no assurance that the process to identify a strategic transaction will result in a successfully consummated transaction. If no transaction is completed, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of our company. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such decision and, ultimately, such liquidation, since the amount of cash available for distribution continues to decrease as we fund our operations while we evaluate our strategic alternatives. In addition, if our board of directors were to approve and recommend, and our stockholders were to approve, a dissolution and liquidation of our company, we would be required under Delaware corporate law to pay our outstanding obligations, as well as to make reasonable provision for contingent and unknown obligations, prior to making any distributions in liquidation to our stockholders. Our commitments and contingent liabilities may include, among other things, (i) obligations under our employment and related agreements with certain employees that provide for severance and other payments following a termination of employment occurring for various reasons, including a change in control of our company; (ii) potential litigation against us, and other various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business; (iii) non-cancelable contractual obligations; and (iv) outstanding obligations under our loan and security agreement with K2 HealthVentures entered into in September 2021. As a result of this requirement, a portion of our assets may need to be reserved pending the resolution of such obligations. In addition, we may be subject to litigation or other claims related to a dissolution and liquidation of our company. If a dissolution and liquidation were pursued, our board of directors, in consultation with its advisors, would need to evaluate these matters and make a determination about a reasonable amount to reserve. Accordingly, holders of our common stock could lose all or a significant portion of their investment in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapeutics for disorders of the brain and nervous system. We were incorporated in June 2015, have no products approved for commercial sale, and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Our operations to date have been limited primarily to organizing and staffing our company, raising capital, and conducting research and development activities for our product candidates. We have not yet obtained marketing approval for any product candidates, manufactured a commercial scale product on our own or through a third party, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our future success and viability are subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results. The continued spread of the COVID-19 pandemic declared by the World Health Organization in March 2020 has already and could further adversely impact our clinical and/or preclinical studies. For example, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, on March 27, 2020, we suspended the enrollment of new patients in our ongoing Phase 2 studies of NYX-2925 in painful DPN and fibromyalgia, which resumed in January 2021 and September 2020, respectively, and in our Phase 2 study of NYX-458 in cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson s disease, which resumed in April 2021. COVID-19 has resulted in disruptions in our ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 if an outbreak occurs in their geography, and has delayed enrollment in our clinical studies due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the outbreak and restrictions in travel. Furthermore, some patients may be unwilling to enroll in our studies or be unable to comply with clinical study protocols if quarantines or travel restrictions impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. COVID-19 may also negatively affect the operations of third-party contract research organizations that we rely upon to carry out our clinical studies or the operations of our third-party manufacturers, which could result in delays or disruptions in the supply of our product candidates. The negative impacts COVID-19 has had to patient enrollment or treatment or the timing and execution of our clinical studies have caused and could cause further costly delays to our clinical study activities. For those clinical studies that currently remain ongoing, we cannot provide any assurances that the measures that we have taken to date, or may in the future take, will continue to allow us to mitigate and manage COVID-19-related disruptions, and COVID-19 may require us to delay or pause enrollment, dosing, or data collection in such studies as a result of negative impacts to site initiation, participant recruitment and enrollment, participant randomization and dosing, distribution of clinical study materials, study monitoring, or data analysis. Even if we are able to collect clinical data while the outbreak is ongoing, COVID-19 may negatively affect the quality, completeness, integrity, and interpretability of such clinical data as a result of deviations from clinical study protocols, disruptions in patient screening or dosing (for instance, as a result of inabilities to supply study drug direct-to-patients via delivery or courier), or disruptions in patient evaluations (for instance, as a result of inabilities to conduct study visits while following local public health requirements or inabilities to conduct remote assessments). Any of these effects could adversely affect our ability to advance our product candidates in the manner and on the timelines presently planned, obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, increase our operating expenses, and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, COVID-19 has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, and business shutdowns. We have taken temporary precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including allowing all employees to work remotely, suspending all non-essential travel worldwide for our employees, and discouraging employee attendance at industry events and in-person work-related meetings. These measures could negatively affect our business. For instance, temporarily requiring all employees to work remotely may disrupt our operations or increase the risk of a cybersecurity incident. Additionally, as we commence certain return-to-work initiatives consistent with state and municipality standards, we may have employees who for various reasons are unwilling to return to in-person work-related meetings, which will require additional accommodations, management of operational procedures, and cybersecurity protections. Business disruptions, including those affecting our ongoing and planned clinical studies, may negatively affect the 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 accuracy of our estimates regarding capital requirements and needs for additional financing or our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements. We may incur additional liabilities related to business disruptions caused by COVID-19, including those related to our employees, our agreements with third parties, and our interactions with governmental authorities. COVID-19 has also caused volatility in the global financial markets and threatened a slowdown in the global economy, which may negatively affect our ability to raise additional capital on attractive terms or at all. In addition, a recession, depression, or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the spread of COVID-19, including from the emergence of new variants of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, could materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the outbreak, the severity of COVID-19, or the effectiveness of actions to contain and treat for COVID-19. We cannot presently predict the scope and severity of any potential business shutdowns or disruptions, including to our ongoing and planned clinical studies. Any such shutdowns or other business interruptions could result in material and negative effects to our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operation, and financial condition. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, prospects, operating results, or financial condition, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and anticipate we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. We have funded our operations to date through proceeds from collaborations, grants, debt, sales of convertible preferred stock and our initial public offering, or IPO, and follow-on offerings of our equity to the public. From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have received net proceeds of 396.2 million from such transactions. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents were 56.2 million. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception, and we have an accumulated deficit of 352.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with general and administrative costs associated with our operations, and our research and development programs, including for our preclinical and clinical product candidates and our discovery platform. We expect to incur increasing levels of operating losses over the next several years and for the foreseeable future. Our prior losses, combined with expected future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. We expect our research and development expenses to significantly increase in connection with our clinical studies of our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates, we will incur significant sales and marketing, legal, and outsourced-manufacturing expenses. In addition, we will incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. Even if we do become profitable, we may not be able to sustain or increase our profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, other marketing and distribution arrangements, equity offerings, royalty-based financing arrangements or debt financings. Given the recent suspension of most of our clinical programs, we expect it will be difficult for us to raise additional capital until either positive data in our ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial in OUD or the announcement of a strategic transaction, if we are able to raise additional capital at all.To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through marketing and distribution arrangements or 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties or royalty-based financing arrangements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to future revenue streams, research programs, or product candidates, or we may need to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our commercialization or product development efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. The terms of our loan agreement place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, the terms of any new debt could further restrict our operating and financial flexibility. In September 2021, we entered into a loan and security agreement, or the Loan Agreement, with K2 HealthVentures LLC, or K2HV. We borrowed 15.0 million in the first tranche and an additional 10.0 million in a second tranche under the Loan Agreement, and may borrow up to an additional 10.0 million based upon clinical and regulatory developments and an additional 15.0 million at the discretion of K2HV. Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets, other than certain intellectual property assets. The Loan Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, as well as standard events of default, including an event of default based on the occurrence of a material adverse event. The negative covenants include, among others, restrictions on us transferring collateral, incurring additional indebtedness, engaging in mergers or acquisitions, paying cash dividends or making other distributions, making investments, creating liens, selling assets and making any payment on subordinated debt, in each case subject to certain exceptions. These restrictive covenants could limit our flexibility in operating our business and our ability to pursue business opportunities that we or our stockholders may consider beneficial. In addition, K2HV could declare a default upon the occurrence of any event that it interprets could have a material adverse effect, as defined in the Loan Agreement. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default, K2HV may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable and take such other actions as set forth in the Loan Agreement. Any declaration by K2HV of an event of default could significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We may not have enough available cash or be able to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings to repay these outstanding obligations at the time any event of default occurs. Further, if we raise any additional capital through debt financing, the terms of such additional debt could further restrict our operating and financial flexibility. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have never generated any revenue from product sales, and we may never generate revenue or be profitable. Our ability to become profitable depends upon the ability of our product candidates to generate revenue. To date, we have not generated any revenue from our product candidates, and we do not know when, or if, we will do so. We have discontinued the development of the majority of our clinical-stage product candidates, and we do not expect to generate significant revenue unless and until we obtain marketing approval of, and begin to sell, future product candidates. Our ability to generate revenue depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to successfully consummate a strategic transaction; successfully completing preclinical and clinical development of any product candidates we may choose to develop; identifying, assessing, and/or developing new product candidates from our NMDAr modulator discovery platform, or discovery platform; developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, as well as establishing and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and commercial demand for our product candidates; 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements into which we may enter; obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development; launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by establishing a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure or collaborating with a partner; negotiating and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our products are commercialized; obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; building out new facilities or expanding existing facilities to support our ongoing development activity; addressing any competing technological and market developments; maintaining, protecting, expanding, and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, and know-how; and attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or foreign regulatory agencies, to perform studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our or our future collaborators clinical studies or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, absent our entering into a collaboration or partnership agreement, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. Revenue from the sale of any product candidate for which regulatory approval is obtained will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product, the ability to get reimbursement at any price, and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. The precise numbers of people with opioid use disorder and alcohol use disorder are unknown. Our projections of both the number of people who have the applicable diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our drug candidates, are based on estimates. If the number of addressable patients is not as significant as we anticipate, the indication approved by regulatory authorities is narrower than we expect, or the reasonably accepted population for treatment is narrowed by competition, physician choice, or treatment guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, even if approved. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our pipeline of product candidates, or continue our operations and cause a decline in the value of our common stock, all or any of which may adversely affect our viability. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our discovery platform and pipeline, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. Moreover, we may fail to expend our limited resources on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. We have discontinued development of NYX-2925 and NYX-458, as well as NYX-783 in PTSD. Due to the significant resources required for the development of product candidates, we must focus on specific diseases and disease pathways and decide which product candidates to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management, and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our product candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for disorders of the brain and nervous system, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. Risks related to product development and commercialization Research and development of biopharmaceutical products is inherently risky. We are at an early stage of development. To date, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to identify, secure intellectual property for, and develop our discovery platform and our product candidates, including conducting multiple preclinical and clinical studies, and providing general and administrative support for these operations. Our business depends heavily on the successful preclinical and clinical development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of our product candidates. None of our product candidates have advanced into late-stage development or a pivotal clinical study and it may be years before any such study is initiated, if at all. We have discontinued development of NYX-2925 and NYX-458, as well as NYX-783 in PTSD and any additional product candidates we may develop would require substantial additional clinical development, testing, and regulatory approval before we are permitted to commence their commercialization. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize product candidates, and we may fail to do so for many reasons, including the following: our product candidates may not successfully complete preclinical or clinical studies, including as a result of disruptions related to COVID-19; a product candidate may, upon further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; our competitors may develop therapeutics that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; our competitors may develop platform technologies that render our platform technology obsolete or less attractive; the product candidates that we develop, and our discovery platform may not be sufficiently covered by intellectual property for which we hold exclusive rights; 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 the market for a product candidate may change so that the continued development of that product candidate is no longer reasonable or commercially attractive; a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; we may not be able to establish manufacturing capabilities or arrangements with third-party manufacturers for clinical and, if approved, commercial supply; even if a product candidate obtains regulatory approval, we may be unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities, or successfully market such approved product candidate, to gain market acceptance; and a product candidate may not be accepted as safe or effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors, if applicable. 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a product candidate or candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. For instance, if we observe harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate one product candidate is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria, these findings may implicate the discovery platform as a whole. For example, we have chosen to discontinue our development of NYX-2925 and NYX-458, as well as NYX-783 in PTSD, following the results of our clinical trials. We may not be successful in our efforts to further develop our discovery platform technology and current product candidates. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Any product candidates we may develop would require significant additional clinical development, management of preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval, adequate manufacturing supply, a commercial organization, and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from product sales, if at all. The nonclinical and clinical studies for our product candidates are, and the manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates will be, subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by numerous government authorities in the United States, and in other countries where we intend to test and, if approved, market any product candidate. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, we must, among other requirements, demonstrate through preclinical studies and clinical studies that the product candidate is safe and effective for use in each target indication. Drug development is a long, expensive, and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of any of our clinical studies. This process can take many years and may include post-marketing studies and surveillance, which will require the expenditure of substantial resources. Of the large number of drugs in development in the United States, only a small percentage will successfully complete the FDA regulatory approval process and will be commercialized. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund our development and preclinical studies and clinical studies, we cannot assure you that any of our product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. Additionally, we have no experience advancing a product candidate to commercialization and have never completed an end-of-Phase 2 meeting for any product candidate. We cannot be sure that we are adequately prepared to guide the product candidates through the FDA regulatory approval process. If any of our product candidates successfully complete clinical studies, we generally plan to seek regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States, the European Union, or EU, and in additional foreign countries where we believe there is a viable commercial opportunity and significant patient need. We have never commenced, compiled, or submitted an application seeking regulatory approval to market any product candidate. We may never receive regulatory approval to market any product candidates even if such product candidates successfully complete clinical studies, which would adversely affect our viability. To obtain regulatory approval in countries outside the United States, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such other countries regarding safety, efficacy, chemistry, manufacturing and controls, clinical studies, commercial sales, pricing, and distribution of our 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 product candidates. We may also rely on collaborators or partners to conduct the required activities to support an application for regulatory approval, and to seek approval, for one or more of our product candidates. We cannot be sure that any collaborators or partners will conduct these activities or do so within the timeframe we desire. Even if we (or any collaborators or partners) are successful in obtaining approval in one jurisdiction, we cannot ensure that we will obtain approval in any other jurisdictions. If we are unable to obtain approval for our product candidates in multiple jurisdictions, our revenue and results of operations could be negatively affected. Even if we receive regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, we cannot assure you that any such product candidate will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace, or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development involves significant risk that any product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, and become commercially viable. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of our product candidates through the development process or, if approved, successfully commercialize any of our product candidates. We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates or to develop commercially successful products. If we fail to successfully identify and develop additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. One of our strategies is to identify and pursue clinical development of additional product candidates. We currently have several compounds in the research, discovery, screening, and preclinical stages of development. Identifying, developing, obtaining regulatory approval, and commercializing additional product candidates for the treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. We cannot provide you any assurance that we will be able to successfully identify or acquire additional product candidates, advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process, successfully commercialize any such additional product candidates, if approved, or assemble sufficient resources to identify, acquire, develop or, if approved, commercialize additional product candidates. If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire, develop, and commercialize additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. We may not be able to conduct, or contract others to conduct, animal testing in the future, which could harm our research and development activities. Certain laws and regulations relating to drug development require us to test our product candidates on animals before initiating clinical studies involving humans. Animal testing activities have been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. Animal rights groups and other organizations and individuals have attempted to stop animal testing activities by pressing for legislation and regulation in these areas and by disrupting these activities through protests and other means. To the extent the activities of these groups are successful, our research and development activities may be interrupted or delayed. We have concentrated our research and development efforts on the treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system, a field that has seen limited success in drug development. Further, our product candidates are based on new approaches and novel technology, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. We have focused our research and development efforts on addressing disorders of the brain and nervous system, including painful DPN, fibromyalgia, PTSD, Parkinson s disease cognitive impairment and LBD. Efforts by biopharmaceutical companies in the field of disorders of the brain and nervous system have seen limited successes in drug development. There are few effective therapeutic options available for patients with painful DPN, fibromyalgia, PTSD, or Parkinson s disease cognitive impairment and LBD. Our future success is highly dependent on the successful development of our discovery platform technology and product candidates for treating disorders of the brain and nervous system. Developing and, if approved, commercializing our product candidates for treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system subjects us to a number of challenges, including engineering product candidates and obtaining regulatory approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities who have only a limited set of precedents to rely on. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Our approach to targeting the NMDAr is different from other antagonist and agonist agents currently being developed. Our proprietary compounds are designed to subtly modulate NMDArs. This strategy may not prove to be successful. We cannot be sure that our approach will yield satisfactory therapeutic products that are safe and effective, scalable, or profitable. Moreover, public perception of drug safety issues, including adoption of new therapeutics or novel approaches to treatment, may adversely influence the willingness of subjects to participate in clinical studies, or if approved, of physicians to prescribe our products. We may encounter difficulties in enrolling subjects in our clinical studies, thereby delaying or preventing development of our product candidates. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in any future clinical trials we may run for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in subject enrollment in our clinical studies for a variety of other reasons, including: disruptions related to COVID-19; the subject eligibility criteria defined in the protocol, including biomarker-driven identification and/or certain highly-specific criteria related to stage of disease progression, which may limit the patient populations eligible for our clinical studies to a greater extent than competing clinical studies for the same indication that do not have biomarker-driven patient eligibility criteria; eligibility requirements mandated by regulatory agencies which may limit the number of eligible patients in a given disorder; the size of the study population required for analysis of the study s primary endpoints; the proximity of subjects to a study site; the design of the study; our use of academic sites, which are less accustomed to running clinical studies and managing enrollment; public perception of drug safety issues; our ability to recruit clinical study investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; competing clinical studies for similar therapies or targeting patient populations meeting our patient eligibility criteria; clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and side effects of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies and product candidates; our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and the risk that subjects enrolled in clinical studies will not complete such studies, for any reason. 
 There is no precise method of establishing the actual number of people with disorders of the brain and nervous system in any geography over any time period.We estimate that OUD affects nearly three million people in the United States and over 80,000 people died from overdoses involving opioids in 2021.If the actual number of people with disorders of the 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 brain and nervous system is lower than we believe, we may experience difficulty in enrolling subjects in our clinical studies, thereby delaying development of our product candidates.. We have experienced delays in subject enrollment as a result of a number of factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic and our enrollment criteria, in our painful DPN, fibromyalgia, PTSD, and Parkinson s disease studies. For instance, there are a number of competing clinical studies targeting patient populations with PTSD, and if we are not able to recruit study sites or study participants as a result, our subject enrollment timelines may be delayed. We may continue to experience enrollment delays as a result of these or other factors in future clinical studies. If we are unable to successfully enroll subjects in a timely way for any future clinical studies for product candidates, our clinical studies could be significantly delayed, which could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our clinical studies may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent, delay, or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we must, among other requirements, demonstrate through lengthy, complex, and expensive preclinical studies and clinical studies that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Each product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical study process, including as a result of external factors such as COVID-19. The results of preclinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of early-stage or later-stage clinical studies, and results of early-stage clinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical studies. For example, we have discontinued development of NYX-2925 and NYX-458, as well as NYX- 783 in PTSD, following the completion of clinical trials due to insufficient efficacy The results of clinical studies in one set of subject or disease indications may not be predictive of those obtained in another. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical studies of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in study procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and lack of adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical study protocols, and the rate of dropout among clinical study participants. Product candidates in later stages of clinical studies may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical studies. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in later-stage clinical studies due to lack of efficacy or safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in early-stage studies. This is particularly true in disorders of the brain and nervous system, where failure rates historically have been higher than in other disease areas. Most product candidates that begin clinical studies are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization.In addition, even if such clinical studies are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more studies could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the studies are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional studies in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for any of our product candidates, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of our product candidates, which may also limit their commercial potential. Our product candidates may cause serious adverse events or other undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. Serious adverse events or other undesirable side effects caused by future product candidates we may develop could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or halt clinical studies, and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Further, clinical studies by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population for a limited duration of exposure. Rare and severe side effects of a product candidate may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. If our product candidates receive marketing approval and we or others 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 identify undesirable side effects caused by such product candidates (or any other similar products) after such approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: regulatory authorities may suspend, withdraw, or limit their approval of such products; regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a boxed warning or a contraindication; we may be required to change the way such products are distributed or administered; we may be required to conduct additional post-marketing studies and surveillance; we may be required to implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; we may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; subjects in a clinical study may experience severe or unexpected drug related side effects; we may decide, or regulatory authorities may require us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon product development programs; we may decide to remove such products from the marketplace; we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking our products; the product may become less competitive; and our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidates, could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates, and could significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. Failures or delays in the commencement or completion of, or ambiguous or negative results from, clinical studies of any product candidates we may develop could result in increased costs to us and could delay, prevent, or limit our ability to generate revenue and continue our business. We do not know whether any of our ongoing or planned clinical studies will begin or be completed on schedule, if at all, as the commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed or prevented for a number of reasons, including, among others: disruptions related to COVID-19; the FDA or other regulatory bodies may not authorize us or our investigators to commence our planned clinical studies or any other clinical studies we may initiate, or may suspend our clinical studies, for example, through imposition of a clinical hold; delays in filing or receiving clearance of additional investigational new drug, or IND, applications that may be required; 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 lack of adequate funding to continue our clinical studies and preclinical studies; negative results from our ongoing preclinical studies; delays in reaching or failing to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and study sites; inadequate quantity or quality of a product candidate or other materials necessary to conduct clinical studies, for example delays in the manufacturing of sufficient supply of finished drug product; difficulties obtaining ethics committee or Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical study at a prospective site or sites; challenges in recruiting and enrolling subjects to participate in clinical studies, the proximity of subjects to study sites, eligibility criteria for the clinical study, including for example our strict enrollment criteria in certain of our studies, the nature of the clinical study protocol, the availability of approved effective treatments for the relevant disease, and competition from other clinical study programs for similar indications; severe or unexpected drug related side effects experienced by subjects in a clinical study; we may decide, or regulatory authorities may require us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon product development programs; delays in validating, or inability to validate, any endpoints utilized in a clinical study; the FDA may disagree with our clinical study design and our interpretation of data from clinical studies, or may change the requirements for approval even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical studies, including requiring us to conduct additional clinical studies; reports from preclinical or clinical testing of other NMDAr-dependent therapies that raise safety or efficacy concerns; and difficulties retaining subjects who have enrolled in a clinical study but may be prone to withdraw due to rigors of the clinical studies, lack of efficacy, side effects, personal issues, or loss of interest. 
 Clinical studies may also be delayed or terminated as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. For instance, in March 2023, we discontinued development of NYX-783 in PTSD due to insufficient efficacy following an analysis of the first 100 patients to enrolled in the study. In addition, a clinical study may be suspended or terminated by us, the FDA, the IRBs at the sites where the IRBs are overseeing a clinical study, upon the recommendation of a data and safety monitoring board, or DSMB, overseeing the clinical study at issue, or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including, among others: concerns related to COVID-19; failure to conduct the clinical study in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols; inspection of the clinical study operations or study sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities that reveals deficiencies or violations that require us to undertake corrective action, including in response to the imposition of a clinical hold; 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 unforeseen safety issues, including any that could be identified in our ongoing preclinical or clinical studies, adverse side effects or lack of effectiveness; changes in government regulations or administrative actions; problems with clinical supply materials; and lack of adequate funding to continue clinical studies. 
 Changes in regulatory requirements, FDA guidance, or unanticipated events during our nonclinical studies and clinical studies of our product candidates may occur, which may result in changes to nonclinical or clinical study protocols or additional nonclinical or clinical study requirements, which could result in increased costs to us and could delay our development timeline. Changes in regulatory requirements, FDA guidance, or unanticipated events during our nonclinical studies and clinical studies may force us to amend nonclinical studies and clinical study protocols or the FDA may impose additional nonclinical studies and clinical study requirements. Amendments or changes to our clinical study protocols would require resubmission to the FDA and IRBs for review and approval, which may adversely impact the cost, timing, or successful completion of clinical studies. Similarly, amendments to our nonclinical studies may adversely impact the cost, timing, or successful completion of those nonclinical studies. If we experience delays completing, or if we terminate, any of our nonclinical studies or clinical studies, or if we are required to conduct additional nonclinical or clinical studies, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any product candidates we may develop, we may not be successful in commercializing those product candidates if and when they are approved. We do not currently have an infrastructure for the sales, marketing, and distribution of pharmaceutical products. In order to market our product candidates, if approved by the FDA or any other regulatory body, we must build our sales, marketing, managerial, and other non-technical capabilities, or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. There are risks involved with both establishing our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force or reimbursement specialists is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel. If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, commercial support, and distribution services, our product revenue or the profitability of product revenue may be lower than if we were to market and sell any products we may develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to commercialize our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish commercialization capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if approved. If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, or if we are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects will be materially adversely affected. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Even if we receive marketing approval for our product candidates, our product candidates may not achieve broad market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, or others in the medical community, which would limit the revenue that we generate from their sales. The commercial success of our product candidates, if approved by the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities, will depend upon the awareness and acceptance of our product candidates among the medical community, including physicians, patients, and healthcare payors. If any of our product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community, we may not generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable. Market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved, will depend on a number of factors, including, among others: the safety, efficacy, and other potential advantages of our approved product candidates compared to other available therapies; limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved for our product candidates by the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities; any restrictions on the use of our products together with other medications; the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects associated with our product candidates; inability of certain types of patients to take our products; the clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; availability of alternative treatments already approved or expected to be commercially launched in the near future; the potential and perceived advantages of our approved product candidates over current treatment options or alternative treatments, including future alternative treatments; the size of the target patient population, and the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; pricing and cost effectiveness; the effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategies; our ability to increase awareness of our product candidates through sales and marketing efforts; our ability to obtain sufficient third-party payor coverage or reimbursement; or the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party payor coverage. 
 If our product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by patients, physicians, and payors, we may not generate sufficient revenue from our product candidates to become or remain profitable. Before 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 granting reimbursement approval, healthcare payors may require us to demonstrate that our product candidates, in addition to treating these target indications, also provide incremental health benefits to patients. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors about the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our products will remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny. Even if we receive marketing approval for our product candidates, regulatory authorities may still impose significant restrictions on our product candidates, indicated uses or marketing, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies. If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements, including for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, tracking and tracing, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-marketing information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including, for example, ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any new drug application, or NDA, or comparable marketing approval. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, and quality control. The FDA has significant post-marketing authority, including, for example, the authority to require labeling changes based on new safety information and to require post-marketing studies or clinical studies to evaluate serious safety risks related to the use of a drug. The FDA also has the authority to require, as part of an NDA or post-approval, the submission of a REMS. Many chronic pain therapies have been recognized as drugs of abuse and require REMS. Any REMS required by the FDA may lead to increased costs to assure compliance with new post-approval regulatory requirements and potential requirements or restrictions on the sale of approved products, all of which could lead to lower sales volume and revenue. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed and promoted or to the conditions of approval (including the requirement to implement a REMS), or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. The FDA and other agencies, including the U.S. Department of Justice, closely regulate and monitor the post-approval marketing and promotion of products to ensure that they are manufactured, marketed, and distributed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. We will have to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. As such, we may not promote our products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. The holder of an approved NDA or comparable marketing approval must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical studies to verify the safety and efficacy of our products in general or in specific patient subsets. If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: issue warning or untitled letters that would result in adverse publicity; impose civil or criminal penalties; suspend or withdraw regulatory approvals; suspend any of our ongoing clinical studies; refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us; impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers facilities; seize or detain products; or request that we initiate a product recall. 
 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response, and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected. We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological and scientific change, and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are safer, more advanced, or more effective than ours, which may negatively impact our ability to successfully market or commercialize any product candidates we may develop and ultimately harm our financial condition. The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. Moreover, treating brain and nervous system disorders is characterized by strong and increasing competition, with a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We may face competition with respect to any product candidates that we seek to develop or commercialize in the future from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and biotechnology companies worldwide. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization. Companies that we are aware are developing or commercializing NMDAr-targeted therapies include companies with significant financial and/or scientific resources, such as Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc., Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc., Allergan plc (now a subsidiary of AbbVie Inc.), Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Axsome Therapeutics, Inc., Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co. Ltd., Cadent Therapeutics, Inc., Cerecor Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Genentech Inc., Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., NeuroRx, Inc., Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A., Otonomy, Inc., Relmada Therapeutics, Inc., Sage Therapeutics, Inc., UCB S.A., Gate Neurosciences, Inc., and Vistagen Therapeutics, Inc. Many of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical studies, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical study sites and patient 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Furthermore, currently approved products could be discovered to have application for treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system indications, which could give such products significant regulatory and market timing advantages over any of our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours and may obtain orphan product exclusivity from the FDA for indications our product candidates are targeting, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, products or technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing any product candidates we may develop against competitors. In addition, we could face litigation or other proceedings with respect to the scope, ownership, validity and/or enforceability of our patents relating to our competitors products and our competitors may allege that our products infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate their intellectual property. The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. See Risks related to our intellectual property rights. Risks related to regulatory approval and other legal compliance matters The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical studies, and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Moreover, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may fail to approve companion diagnostics that we contemplate using with our therapeutic product candidates. We have not submitted for, or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate, and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may raise concerns with the quality, completeness, and interpretability of our clinical data as a result of COVID-19-related disruptions in clinical studies; the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation, or results of our clinical studies; the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may determine that our product candidates are not safe and effective, only moderately effective, or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities, or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use; the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical studies; the data collected from clinical studies of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission, or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; we may be unable to demonstrate to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate s risk-benefit ratio for its proposed indication is acceptable; the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications, or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical studies, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. We are subject to healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, and diminished profits and future earnings. Although we do not currently have any products on the market, once we begin commercializing our products, we may be subject to additional healthcare statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by the federal government and the states and foreign governments in which we conduct our business. Healthcare providers, physicians, and others will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our product candidates, if approved. Our future arrangements with third-party payors will expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell, and distribute our product candidates, if we obtain marketing approval. See section entitled Business Government regulation - Other Regulatory Matters in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming, costly, and could divert our management s attention from the business. Ensuring that our future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could be costly. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations, including anticipated activities to be conducted by our sales team, were found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, and exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, individual imprisonment, reputational harm, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, any of which 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 could substantially disrupt our operations. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Data collection in Europe and some U.S. states are governed by restrictive regulations governing the use, processing, and cross-border transfer of personal information. The collection, use, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data regarding individuals in the EEA, including personal health data, is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including requirements relating to processing health and other sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches, and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EEA, including the United States, and permits data protection authorities to impose large penalties for violations of the GDPR, including potential fines of up to 20 million or 4 of annual global revenues, whichever is greater. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. In addition, the GDPR includes restrictions on cross-border data transfers. The GDPR increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process where such processing is subject to the GDPR, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, including as implemented by individual countries. Compliance with the GDPR will be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and despite those efforts, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with our European activities. Further to the United Kingdom s (UK) exit from the EU on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the UK at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the UK s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law (referred to as the UK GDPR ). The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. If any of our product candidates obtain regulatory approval, additional competitors could enter the market with generic versions of such drugs, which may result in a material decline in sales of affected products. Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Act, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may file an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, seeking approval of a generic copy of an approved, small-molecule innovator product. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a manufacturer may also submit an NDA, under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act that references the FDA s prior approval of the small-molecule innovator product. A 505(b)(2) NDA product may be for a new or improved version of the original innovator product. The Hatch-Waxman Act also provides for certain periods of regulatory exclusivity, which preclude FDA approval (or in some circumstances, FDA filing and reviewing) of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA. These include, subject to certain exceptions, the period during which an FDA-approved drug is subject to orphan drug exclusivity. For example, a drug that is granted regulatory approval may be eligible for five years of marketing exclusivity in the United States following regulatory approval if that drug is classified as a new chemical entity, or NCE. A drug can be classified as a NCE if the FDA has not previously approved any other drug containing the same active moiety. While we believe there is a likelihood that the FDA would grant NCE status to both NYX-2925 and NYX-783 if both are granted regulatory approval, NYX-2925 and NYX-783 have the same structural formula but differ in spatial 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 orientation, i.e., are separate stereoisomers of each other, and there can be no assurance that both will be granted NCE exclusivity. In addition to the benefits of regulatory exclusivity, an innovator NDA holder may have patents claiming the active ingredient, product formulation or an approved use of the drug, which would be listed with the product in the FDA publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, known as the Orange Book. If there are patents listed in the Orange Book, a generic or 505(b)(2) applicant that seeks to market its product before expiration of the patents must include in the ANDA a Paragraph IV certification, challenging the validity or enforceability of, or claiming non-infringement of, the listed patent or patents. Appropriate notice of the certification must be given to the innovator, too, and if within 45 days of receiving such notice the innovator sues to protect its patents, approval of the ANDA is stayed for 30 months, or as lengthened or shortened by the court. Accordingly, if any of our product candidates are approved, competitors could file ANDAs for generic versions of our small-molecule drug products or 505(b)(2) NDAs that reference our small-molecule drug products, respectively. If there are patents listed for our small-molecule drug products in the Orange Book, those ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs would be required to include a certification as to each listed patent indicating whether the ANDA applicant does or does not intend to challenge the patent. We cannot predict which, if any, patents in our current portfolio or patents we may obtain in the future will be eligible for listing in the Orange Book, how any generic competitor would address such patents, whether we would sue on any such patents, or the outcome of any such suit. We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary patent protection for products and technologies we develop or license. Moreover, if any of our owned patents that are listed in the Orange Book are successfully challenged by way of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent litigation, the affected product could immediately face generic competition and its sales would likely decline rapidly and materially. See Risks related to our intellectual property rights. The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products such as NYX-783, if approved. . In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our product candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Even if approved, reimbursement policies could limit our ability to sell our product candidates. In the United States and markets in other countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected by healthcare reform measures. Our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels for those medications. Sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. If coverage and adequate reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment. See section entitled Busi ness Government Regulation Reimbursement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There is also significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Cost containment is a primary concern in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere. Government authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for our product candidates and, if reimbursement is available, the level of such reimbursement. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, our product candidates. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. In some foreign countries, particularly in Canada and European countries, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to strict governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take six to 12 months or longer after the receipt of regulatory approval and product launch. To obtain favorable reimbursement for the indications sought or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical study that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidates with other available therapies. If reimbursement for our product candidates is unavailable in any country in which we seek reimbursement, if it is limited in scope or amount, if it is conditioned upon our completion of additional clinical studies, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures and constraints on national budget social security systems may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy-makers and payers in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access to healthcare. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. See section entitled Business Government regulation Healthcare Reform in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payers of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect: the demand for any of our product candidates, if approved; the ability to set a price that we believe is fair for any of our product candidates, if approved; our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the availability of capital. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical and biologic products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We expect that the healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. . 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Existing and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post approval activities, and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality, and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. We expect that these and any healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies, and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Additionally, we may face competition in the United States from therapies sourced from foreign countries that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products. Legislation or regulations allowing the reimportation of drugs into the United States, if enacted, could decrease the price we receive for any products that we may develop and adversely affect our future revenues and prospects for profitability. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for approved products. In addition, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. It is likely that federal and state legislatures within the United States and foreign governments will continue to consider changes to existing health care legislation. We cannot predict the reform initiatives that may be adopted in the future or whether initiatives that have been adopted will be repealed or modified. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations, and other health care payors to contain or reduce costs of health care may adversely affect the demand for any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval, our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products, our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product, our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability, and the level of taxes that we are required to pay. Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. Our future profitability may depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets for which we may rely on collaboration with third parties. If we commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: our customers ability to obtain reimbursement for our product candidates in foreign markets; our inability to directly control commercial activities because we are relying on third parties; 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting, and legal requirements; different medical practices and customs in foreign countries affecting acceptance in the marketplace; import or export licensing requirements; longer accounts receivable collection times; longer lead times for shipping; language barriers for technical training; reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; the existence of additional potentially relevant third-party intellectual property rights; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and the interpretation of contractual provisions governed by foreign laws in the event of a contract dispute. 
 Foreign sales of our product candidates could also be adversely affected by the imposition of governmental controls, political and economic instability, trade restrictions, and changes in tariffs. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. In order to market any product outside of the United States, however, we must establish and comply with the numerous and varying safety, efficacy, and other regulatory requirements of other countries. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing, and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical studies as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. The marketing approval processes in other countries may implicate all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States, as well as other risks. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties, and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval in other countries or any delay or other setback in obtaining such approval would impair our ability to market our product candidates in such foreign markets. Any such impairment would reduce the size of our potential market, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. We are exposed to the risk of fraud, misconduct, or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, and negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the laws of the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; comply with manufacturing standards we have established; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. In particular, sales, marketing, and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales and commission, certain customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. If we or any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage fail to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. We and any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures; the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, and water; and employee health and safety. Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party facilities. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other worldwide anti-bribery laws. We are subject to the FCPA, which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making payments in violation of law to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. We have an ongoing relationship with Sai Life Sciences Ltd., or Sai, a non-U.S. company, as a third-party supplier of custom chemical synthesis of the compounds used in our product candidates such as spiro-beta lactam. Our significant reliance on a foreign supplier demands a high degree of vigilance in preventing our employees and consultants from participation in corrupt activity, because this supplier could be deemed our agent, and we could be held responsible for its actions. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws to which we may be subject are complex and far-reaching in nature, and, as a result, we cannot assure you that we would not be required in the future to alter one or more of our practices to be in compliance with these laws or any changes in these laws or the interpretation thereof. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, and involve significant costs and expenses, including legal fees. We could also suffer severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Risks related to collaborations with third parties We may depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development, and commercialization of certain product candidates we may develop. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. We may seek third-party collaborators for the research, development, and commercialization of certain product candidates we plan to develop. Our likely collaborators for any other collaboration arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, or academic institutions. If we enter into any such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have shared or limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or potential commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot predict the success of any collaboration that we enter into. Collaborations involving our research programs, or any product candidates we may develop, pose the following risks to us: collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce, or defend intellectual property or proprietary rights relating to our product candidates or research programs or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings, including proceedings challenging the scope, ownership, validity, and enforceability of our intellectual property; collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our product candidates or research programs that results from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we may not have the exclusive right or any right to commercialize such intellectual property or such product candidates or research programs; we may need the cooperation of our collaborators to enforce or defend any intellectual property we contribute to or that arises out of our collaborations, which may not be provided to us; disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development, or commercialization of our product candidates or research programs or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; collaborators may decide not to pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates we develop or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical study results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; collaborators may delay clinical studies, provide insufficient funding for a clinical study program, stop a clinical study or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical studies, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates or research programs if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more product candidates may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product candidates; we may lose certain valuable rights under circumstances identified in our collaborations, including if we undergo a change of control; collaborators may undergo a change of control and the new owners may decide to take the collaboration in a direction which is not in our best interest; collaborators may become bankrupt, which may significantly delay our research or development programs, or may cause us to lose access to valuable technology, know-how, or intellectual property of the collaborator relating to our products, product candidates, or research programs; key personnel at our collaborators may leave, which could negatively impact our ability to productively work with our collaborators; collaborations may require us to incur short and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our stockholders, or disrupt our management and business; collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates or our discovery platform; and collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our development or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished, or terminated. 
 In addition, the terms and conditions of collaboration agreements may involve complex legal, business and scientific issues, and certain provisions may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. As with any complex contractual arrangement, disputes may arise between us and our collaborators regarding the terms and conditions of these agreements, including with respect to the scope of rights granted to, or restrictions placed on, each party under these agreements. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights under the agreement, or increase what we believe to be our obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, we may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborations. Recent business combinations among biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have resulted in a reduced number of potential collaborators. In addition, the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. If we enter into collaborations to develop and potentially commercialize any product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we or our collaborator elects not to exercise the rights granted under the agreement or if we or our collaborator are unable to successfully integrate a product candidate into existing operations and company culture. In addition, if our agreement with any of our collaborators terminates, our access to technology and intellectual property licensed to us by that collaborator may be restricted or terminate entirely, which may delay our 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 continued development of our product candidates utilizing the collaborator s technology or intellectual property or require us to stop development of those product candidates completely. We may also find it more difficult to find a suitable replacement collaborator or attract new collaborators, and our development programs may be delayed or the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. Many of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval, and commercialization described in this Risk factors section also apply to the activities of our collaborators and any negative impact on our collaborators may adversely affect us. Our drug development programs and the potential commercialization of our product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. For some of our product candidates, we may decide to collaborate with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and potential commercialization of those product candidates. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical studies, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge, and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. The terms of any collaborations or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. In addition, any future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations. Disagreements between parties to a collaboration arrangement regarding clinical development and commercialization matters can lead to delays in the development process or commercializing the applicable product candidate and, in some cases, termination of the collaboration arrangement. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither of the parties has final decision-making authority. Collaborations with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies and other third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect us financially and could harm our business reputation. Exclusivity and other governance provisions within our agreements with Allergan may prevent us from pursuing alternative product candidates and exercising complete control over our product candidates development. Pursuant to the research collaboration agreement, or Allergan Research Collaboration Agreement, we entered into with Allergan plc (now a subsidiary of AbbVie Inc.), or Allergan, pursuant to which we and Allergan received research, development, and commercial rights to compounds discovered using our discovery platform, during the license period for the relevant compounds are set forth in the Allergan Research Collaboration Agreement we may not alone, or with a third party, directly or indirectly engage in (a) the research or preclinical development of any compound or any product for the purpose of the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of any disorders or conditions in a specified field, which is defined as any therapeutic, prophylactic, or diagnostic use for certain delineated psychiatric or neurocognitive disorders or conditions, and which we refer to as Allergan s Field, (b) the clinical development of any compound or any product for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of any disorders and conditions in Allergan s Field, or the manufacture of such compound or product for such purpose, or (c) the commercialization of any compound or any product labelled, or approved or licensed by any regulatory authority, for the treatment, prevention, or diagnosis of any disorders or conditions in Allergan s Field, or the manufacture of such compound or product. By their terms, these field-related restrictions pertaining to Allergan s license rights survive the expiration of the Allergan Research Collaboration Agreement and the exclusivity period set forth in the agreement. We are bound by a similar set of restrictions on our research, development, and commercialization activities with respect to compounds and products in Allergan s Field under an asset contribution agreement that we entered into with Allergan in connection with Allergan s acquisition of Naurex. Except with respect to compounds for which Allergan exercises its option under the Allergan Research Collaboration Agreement, Allergan is not precluded under the Allergan Research Collaboration Agreement or the asset 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 contribution agreement from competing with us outside of Allergan s Field. These exclusivity provisions may inhibit our development efforts and may materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Risks related to our reliance on third parties We rely, and expect that we will continue to rely, on third parties to conduct any clinical studies for our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. We do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical studies. We rely on medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories, and other third parties, such as CROs, to conduct clinical studies on our product candidates. We enter into agreements with third-party CROs to provide monitors for and to manage data for our ongoing clinical studies. We rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical studies for our product candidates and control only certain aspects of their activities. As a result, we have less direct control over the conduct, timing, and completion of these clinical studies and the management of data developed through clinical studies than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. For instance, in June 2021, we announced that we had identified a statistical error made by our CRO in connection with our exploratory Phase 2a study of NYX-783 in patients with PTSD. Although based on the updated statistical analysis, we believe the error had no impact on the study conclusions, there is no guarantee a future error would not have more significant consequences. Communicating with outside parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes as well as difficulties in coordinating activities. Outside parties may: experience business disruptions as a result of COVID-19, global economic conditions or political conflict; have staffing difficulties; fail to comply with contractual obligations; experience regulatory compliance issues; undergo changes in priorities or become financially distressed; or form relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. 
 These factors may materially adversely affect the willingness or ability of third parties to conduct our clinical studies and may subject us to unexpected cost increases that are beyond our control, including cost increases related to inflation and availability of qualified personnel. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific requirements and standards, and our reliance on CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply with regulations and guidelines, including Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, for conducting, monitoring, recording, and reporting the results of clinical studies to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate, and that the study patients are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical studies. These regulations are enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any products in clinical development. The FDA enforces GCP regulations through periodic inspections of clinical study sponsors, principal investigators and study sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical studies may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical studies before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our clinical studies comply with GCPs. In addition, our clinical studies must be conducted with product candidates produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or the failure of our CROs to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical studies, which would delay the regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Although we do design our clinical studies for our product candidates, CROs conduct all of the clinical studies. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs are outside of our direct control. In addition, the CROs may not perform all of their obligations under arrangements with us or in compliance with regulatory requirements, but we remain responsible and are subject to enforcement action that may include civil penalties and criminal prosecution for any violations of FDA laws and regulations during the conduct of our clinical studies. If the CROs do not perform clinical studies in a satisfactory manner, breach their obligations to us, or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed or our development program materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot control the amount and timing of resources these CROs devote to our program or our clinical products. For instance, while all of our clinical trials are conducted within the United States, certain of our CROs have significant operations outside of the United States, and may be impacted by geopolitical volatility, potentially resulting in delays in our clinical trials conducted within the United States. If we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the size of our clinical studies and this could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. One of our CROs conducts operations in Russia, although such CRO does not conduct any clinical studies for us outside the United States. To date, the CRO has not been impacted by the ongoing armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine or by the existing and announced United States, European or other sanctions against Russia. However, we cannot assure you that this will not change, and we continue to monitor the situation. If any of our CROs cease operations or if we are required to terminate our relationships with any CROs for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on patients enrolled in our ongoing clinical studies unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients to another qualified CRO. Further, if our relationship with any of our CROs is terminated, we may be unable to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs. If our collaboration is delayed or terminated or our ability to continue to use the current research space is terminated as a result of conflicts of interest, we may not be able to continue our planned research projects and related clinical studies on the expected timeline and may need to spend significant time and efforts to secure alternative lab facilities and equipment. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any clinical studies such CROs are associated with may be extended, delayed, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, we believe that our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates in the subject indication would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. Although we have no accounts and are not a borrower or party to any financial instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution currently in receivership, if any of our lenders or counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our suppliers or other parties 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. Additionally, there is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. Although we assess our banking and supplier relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we may have credit agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
 Delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; Delays, inability or reductions in our ability to enter into credit facilities or other working capital resources; Potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit; or Termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a supplier may become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a supplier could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. Any supplier bankruptcy or insolvency, or any breach or default by a supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships, could result in material losses and may have a material adverse impact on our business. The manufacture of our product candidates, particularly those that utilize our discovery platform, is complex and we may encounter difficulties in production. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers encounter such difficulties, or fail to meet rigorously enforced regulatory standards, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical studies or our products for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. The processes involved in manufacturing our drug product candidates, particularly those that utilize our discovery platform, are complex, expensive, highly-regulated, and subject to multiple risks. Further, as product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical studies towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical studies or other future clinical studies. In addition, the manufacturing process for any products that we may develop is subject to FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authority approval processes and continuous oversight, and we will need to contract with manufacturers who can meet all applicable FDA and foreign regulatory authority requirements, including, for example, complying with cGMPs, on an ongoing basis. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to reliably produce products to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, we may not obtain or maintain the approvals we need to commercialize such products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance that either we or our contract manufacturers will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product, or to meet potential future demand. Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical studies, require bridging clinical studies or the repetition of one or more clinical studies, increase clinical study costs, delay approval of our product candidate, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. We rely completely on third-party suppliers to manufacture our clinical drug supplies for our product candidates, and we intend to rely on third parties to produce preclinical, clinical, and commercial supplies of any future product candidates. We do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the infrastructure or capability to internally manufacture our clinical drug supply of our product candidates, or any future product candidates, for use in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical studies, and we lack the internal resources and the capability to manufacture any product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredient and final drug product must complete a pre-approval inspection by the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory agencies to assess compliance with applicable requirements, including cGMPs, after we submit our NDA or relevant foreign regulatory submission to the applicable regulatory agency. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturers to comply with cGMPs for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agencies, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no direct control over our contract manufacturers ability to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance, and qualified personnel. Furthermore, all of our contract manufacturers are engaged with other companies to supply and/or manufacture materials or products for such companies, which exposes our manufacturers to regulatory risks for the production of such materials and products. For example, our product candidates are spiro-beta lactams which may require our manufacturers to manufacture them in specifically isolated 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 facilities. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material, such as spiro-beta lactams, that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agencies, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. As a result, failure to satisfy the regulatory requirements for the production of those materials and products may affect the regulatory clearance of our contract manufacturers facilities generally. If the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory agency determines now or in the future that these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates are noncompliant, whether because of their current regulatory requirements or because of changes in their requirements, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would adversely impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates. Our reliance on contract manufacturers also exposes us to the possibility that they, or third parties with access to their facilities, will have access to and may appropriate our trade secrets or other proprietary information. We are also unable to predict how changing global economic conditions or potential global health concerns such as COVID-19 will affect our third-party suppliers and manufacturers. Any negative impact of such matters on our third-party suppliers and manufacturers may also have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. As a result of supply chain disruptions and the rise of inflation, we have experienced increasing costs and supply shortages and delays that intensified during the second half of 2021, and which are continuing into 2022. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. We are also unable to predict how the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may affect our third-party manufacturers, including any potential disruptions to our global supply chain. If our current contract manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all, or manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we may not have the capabilities or resources. In either scenario, our clinical trials supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. We do not have long-term supply agreements in place with our contractors, and each batch of our product candidates is individually contracted under a quality and supply agreement. If we engage new contractors, such contractors must complete an inspection by the FDA and other applicable foreign regulatory agencies. If we are required to change contract manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new contract manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations. We may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement. We plan to continue to rely upon contract manufacturers and, potentially, collaboration partners to manufacture commercial quantities of our product candidates, if approved. Our current scale of manufacturing is adequate to support all of our needs for preclinical studies and clinical study supplies. We are dependent on single-source suppliers for some of the components and materials used in, and the processes required to develop, our product candidates. We currently depend on single-source suppliers for our active ingredients used in, and processes required to develop, our product candidates. In particular, we rely on Sai to produce custom chemical synthesis of the compounds used in our product candidates such as spiro-beta lactam. We cannot ensure that our suppliers will remain in business, have sufficient capacity or supply to meet our needs, or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to work with us. Our use of single-source suppliers of raw materials, components, key processes, and finished goods exposes us to several risks, including disruptions in supply, price increases, or late deliveries. There are, in general, relatively few alternative sources of supply for substitute components. In particular, given our use of the compound spiro-beta lactam, Sai will need to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements which significantly limit our ability to find alternative sources of supply. There are a limited number of suppliers that have the requisite facilities that comply with the required regulatory standards, which may lead to a supply gap in the unexpected event that Sai is unable to provide our products. These new vendors may be unable or unwilling to meet our future demands for our clinical studies or commercial sale. Any disruption in supply from Sai or any other single-source supplier or service provider, including disruptions related to COVID-19, could lead to supply delays or interruptions which would damage our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we have to switch to a replacement supplier, the manufacture and delivery of our compounds could be interrupted for an extended period, potentially delaying our clinical trials and adversely affecting our business. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for the components or processes used in our product candidates, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, the replacement supplier would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory authority approval, which could result in further delay. For example, the FDA could require additional supplemental data and clinical study data if we rely upon a new supplier for the compounds used in our product candidates. While we seek to maintain adequate inventory of the single-source components and materials used in our products, any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain components or materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders. In addition, as part of the FDA s approval of our product candidates, submission of manufacturing information and a satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where our product candidates are produced is required to assess compliance with cGMPs and assure that the facilities, methods, and controls are adequate to preserve the product candidates identity, strength, quality, and purity. Such inspections may include inspection of the manufacturers of the individual components of our process, which include the manufacturing processes and facilities of our single-source suppliers. Our current single-source suppliers have not undergone this process, nor have they had any components included in any product approved by the FDA. Our reliance on single-source suppliers subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our reputation, business, and financial condition, including, among other things: delays to the development timelines for our product candidates; interruption of supply resulting from modifications to or discontinuation of a supplier s operations, including as a result of the geopolitical situation in the supplier s country; delays in product shipments resulting from uncorrected defects, reliability issues, or a supplier s variation in a component; a lack of long-term supply arrangements for key components with our suppliers; inability to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner, or to obtain adequate supply on commercially reasonable terms; difficulty and cost associated with locating and qualifying alternative suppliers for our components in a timely manner; production delays related to the evaluation and testing of products from alternative suppliers, and corresponding regulatory qualifications; delay in delivery due to our suppliers prioritizing other customer orders over ours; damage to our reputation caused by defective components produced by our suppliers; increased cost of our warranty program due to product repair or replacement based upon defects in components produced by our suppliers; and fluctuation in delivery by our suppliers due to changes in demand from us or their other customers. 
 If any of these risks materialize, costs could significantly increase and our ability to meet demand for our products could be impacted. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Risks related to our intellectual property rights If we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology, or obtain and maintain issued patents that are sufficient to protect our product candidates, others could compete against us more directly by developing and commercializing products similar or identical to ours, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our success will depend significantly on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection in the United States and other countries for commercially important technology, inventions, and know-how related to our business, defend and enforce our patents, should they issue, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technologies that we believe are important to our business, including seeking patents intended to cover our products and compositions, their methods of use, and any other inventions that are important to the development of our business. Our owned patents and patent applications relate to NYX-2925, NYX-783, NYX-458, and other NMDAr modulators. We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We cannot provide any assurances that any of our pending patent applications will mature into issued patents in any particular jurisdiction and, if they do, that such patents will include claims with a scope sufficient to protect our product candidates or otherwise provide any competitive advantage. The patent application and approval process is expensive, complex, and time-consuming. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. If we are unable to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to any of our proprietary products and technology we develop, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including our patent position, involve complex legal and factual questions, which in recent years have been the subject of much litigation, and, therefore, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of any patent claims that we may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many foreign jurisdictions. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming, and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent form legislation: the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. The America Invents Act also includes provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and that may also affect patent litigation. It is not yet clear what, if any, impact the America Invents Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of any patents that may issue from our patent applications, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Patent applications are generally maintained in confidence until publication. In the United States, for example, patent applications are typically maintained in secrecy for up to 18 months after their filing. Similarly, publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. Consequently, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file patent applications on our product candidates. There is also no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which could be used by a third party to challenge the validity of our patents, should they issue, or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Moreover, our patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated, or circumvented in the United States and abroad. U.S. patents and patent applications may also be subject to interference, derivation, ex parte reexamination, post-grant review, or inter partes review proceedings, supplemental examination and challenges in district court. Patents may also be subjected to opposition, post-grant review, or comparable proceedings lodged in various foreign, both national and regional, patent offices or courts. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application, or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. In addition, such proceedings may be costly. Thus, any patents, should they issue, that we may own or exclusively license may not provide any protection against competitors. Furthermore, an adverse decision in an interference proceeding can result in a third party receiving the patent right sought by us, which in turn could affect our ability to develop, market, or otherwise commercialize our product candidates. Furthermore, though a patent, if it were to issue, is presumed valid and enforceable, its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Even if a patent issues and is held to be valid and enforceable, competitors may be able to design around or circumvent our patents, such as using pre-existing or newly developed technology or products in a non-infringing manner. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies, designs, or methods. If these developments were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It is difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components that are used in their products. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product. Any litigation to enforce or defend our patent rights, even if we were to prevail, could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, proceedings to enforce or defend our patents, if and when issued, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly. Such proceedings could also provoke third parties to assert claims against us, including that some or all of the claims in one or more of our patents are invalid or otherwise unenforceable. If any of our patents, if and when issued, covering our product candidates are invalidated or found unenforceable, our financial position and results of operations would be materially and adversely impacted. In addition, if a court found that valid, enforceable patents held by third parties covered our product candidates, our financial position and results of operations would also be materially and adversely impacted. We will incur significant ongoing expenses in maintaining our patent portfolio. Should we lack the funds to maintain our patent portfolio or to enforce our rights against infringers, we could be adversely impacted. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that: any of our pending patent applications, if issued, will include claims having a scope sufficient to protect our product candidates or any other products or product candidates; any of our pending patent applications will issue as patents at all; we will be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates, if approved, before our relevant patents expire; we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our patents and pending patent applications; we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 others will not develop similar or alternative technologies that do not infringe our patents; others will not use pre-existing technology to effectively compete against us; any of our patents, if issued, will be found to ultimately be valid and enforceable; any patents issued to us will provide a basis for an exclusive market for our commercially viable products, will provide us with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties; we will develop additional proprietary technologies or product candidates that are separately patentable; or that our commercial activities or products will not infringe upon the patents or proprietary rights of others. 
 Moreover, some of our future owned and licensed patents may be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owner s interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. If we breach any of the agreements under which we license rights, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. For example, in connection with Allergan s acquisition of Naurex, we entered into a license agreement with Allergan, pursuant to which, among other things, Allergan granted us a non-exclusive license to certain intellectual property rights retained by Allergan in connection with such acquisition. In addition, we are party to a sublicense agreement with Allergan, pursuant to which Allergan granted us a sublicense for certain intellectual property rights that Allergan licenses from Northwestern. We may also need to obtain additional licenses to advance the development and commercialization of other product candidates we may develop. Our existing sublicense agreement with Northwestern imposes, and we expect that future license agreements will impose upon us various development and commercial diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under certain of these agreements, we may be liable for damages, and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop, market, or otherwise commercialize products covered by the license. Our business could suffer, for example, if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position may be harmed. We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Additionally, we rely on unpatented know-how, continuing technological innovation to develop, strengthen, and maintain the proprietary and competitive position of our product candidates, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees and our collaborators and consultants. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. For example, we may be required to share our trade secrets with third-party licensees, collaborators, consultants, contractors, or other advisors and we have limited control over the protection of trade secrets used by such third parties. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, including by entering into confidentiality agreements, our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators, and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our trade secrets and proprietary information to competitors, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such disclosure. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and used, disclosed, or misappropriated any of our trade secrets is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Furthermore, we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances, and the employees and consultants who are parties to these agreements may breach or violate the terms of these agreements, thus we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. In addition, trade secret laws in the United States vary, and some U.S. courts as well as courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, it is possible that technology 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 relevant to our business will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Further, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors or other third parties. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade secrets by consultants, vendors, former employees, and current employees. If our trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information is divulged to or acquired by third parties, including our competitors, our competitive position in the marketplace, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be materially adversely affected. We may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of others, which may be costly and time-consuming and may prevent or delay our product development efforts and stop us from commercializing or increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates, if approved. Our success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot assure you that our business, products, and methods do not or will not infringe the patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. We may in the future become party to, or threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technologies we use in our business. The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Other parties may allege that our product candidates or the use of our technologies infringes or otherwise violates patent claims or other intellectual property rights held by them or that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. As we continue to develop and, if approved, commercialize our current product candidates and future product candidates, competitors may claim that our technology infringes their intellectual property rights as part of business strategies designed to impede our successful commercialization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to compositions, materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential for 18 months or more after filing, and because patent claims can be revised before issuance, third parties may have currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe, or which such third parties claim are infringed by our technologies. If a patent holder believes one or more of our product candidates infringes its patent rights, the patent holder may sue us even if we have received patent protection for our technology. Moreover, we may face patent infringement claims from non-practicing entities that have no relevant drug revenue and against whom our own patent portfolio may thus have no deterrent effect. The outcome of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our product candidates, products, or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel could be diverted in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. Patent and other types of intellectual property litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and their outcome is uncertain. If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our product candidates and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were to obtain a license, it could be granted on non-exclusive terms, thereby providing our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, if any such claim were successfully asserted against us and we could not obtain such a license, we may be forced to stop or delay developing, manufacturing, selling or otherwise commercializing our product candidates. Any claim relating to intellectual property infringement that is successfully asserted against us may require us to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorney s fees if we are found to be willfully infringing another party s patents, for past use of the asserted intellectual property and royalties and other consideration going forward if we are forced to take a license. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management time and attention in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. There could also be public announcements of the results of the hearing, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, defend an infringement action, or challenge the validity of the patents in court, or redesign our products. Patent litigation is costly and time-consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, intellectual property litigation or claims could force us to do one or more of the following: cease developing, selling or otherwise commercializing our product candidates; pay substantial damages for past use of the asserted intellectual property; obtain a license from the holder of the asserted intellectual property, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; and in the case of trademark claims, redesign, or rename, some or all of our product candidates to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may not be possible and, even if possible, could be costly and time-consuming. 
 Any of these risks coming to fruition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. We enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors. These agreements generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. The assignment of intellectual property rights under these agreements may not be automatic upon the creation of the intellectual property or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. For example, even if we have a consulting agreement in place with an academic advisor pursuant to which such academic advisor is required to assign any inventions developed in connection with providing services to us, such academic advisor may not have the right to assign such inventions to us, as it may conflict with his or her obligations to assign all such intellectual property to his or her employing institution. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on our owned patents and patent applications are or will be due to be paid to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in several stages and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of such patents and patent applications and any patent rights we may own or license in the future. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ outside firms to remind us or our licensors to pay annuity fees due to foreign governmental patent agencies on our foreign patents and pending foreign patent applications. The USPTO and various foreign 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions over the lifetime of our owned patents and applications. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors or other third parties might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case and this circumstance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We may be involved in lawsuits or other proceedings to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming, and unsuccessful. Even if our patent applications are issued, competitors and other third parties may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate our patents and other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Furthermore, many of our adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting these legal actions than we can. Our ability to enforce our patent rights also depends on our ability to detect infringement. It is difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components that are used in their products. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product. In an infringement proceeding, a court may disagree with our allegations and refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents are not infringed by the technology in question, or may decide that a patent of ours is invalid, or unenforceable. An adverse result in any litigation, defense or post-grant proceedings could result in one or more of our patents being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. If any of our patents, if and when issued, covering our product candidates are invalidated or found unenforceable, our financial position and results of operations would be materially and adversely impacted. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our involvement in litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs, and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent infringement, misappropriation of, or other violations of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. If we initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent, if and when issued, covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate is invalid and/or unenforceable. The outcome of any such proceeding is generally unpredictable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge include alleged failures to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for unenforceability assertions of a patent include allegations that someone connected with prosecution of the patent application that matured into the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution of the patent application. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, inter partes review, post grant review and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, e.g., opposition proceedings. Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment of our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates or competitive products. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to validity, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business. Additionally, changes in U.S. patent law could make it more likely that we lose patent protection, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce any patents that may issue in the future. We may not seek to protect our intellectual property rights in all jurisdictions throughout the world and we may not be able to adequately enforce our intellectual property rights even in the jurisdictions where we seek protection. Filing and prosecuting patent applications, and defending patents on product candidates in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States could be less extensive than those in the United States, assuming that rights are obtained in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. In addition, the statutory deadlines for pursuing patent protection in individual foreign jurisdictions are based on the priority date of each of our patent applications and we may not timely file foreign patent applications. For many of the patent families that we own, the relevant statutory deadlines have not yet expired. Thus, for each of these patent families, we will need to decide whether and where to pursue protection outside the United States. For patent families relating to NYX-2925 and NYX-783 and NYX-458, we have chosen to pursue patent protection in only the United States, Mexico, Canada, and certain jurisdictions in Europe, Asia, Australia, and South America. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we do not pursue and obtain patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Even if we pursue and obtain issued patents in particular jurisdictions, our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent third parties from so competing. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, especially those relating to biotechnology or 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 pharmaceuticals. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents, if obtained, or the misappropriation of or marketing of competing products in violation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. If we do not obtain additional protection under the Hatch-Waxman Act and similar foreign legislation by extending the patent terms and obtaining data exclusivity for our product candidates, our business may be materially harmed. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional patent application filing date in its chain of priority. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product candidate, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generic products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of the U.S. patents we own may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain a patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the duration of patent protection we obtain for our product candidates may not provide us with any meaningful commercial or competitive advantage, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products earlier than they would otherwise be able to do so, and our ability to generate revenues could be materially adversely affected. We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we or our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers. Our employees have been previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We also engage advisors and consultants who are concurrently employed at universities or who perform services for other entities. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, and although we are not aware of any claims currently pending against us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, advisors, or consultants have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third party. We have and may in the future also be subject to claims that an employee, advisor, or consultant performed 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 work for us that conflicts with that person s obligations to a third party, such as an employer, and thus, that the third party has an ownership interest in the intellectual property arising out of work performed for us. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying money claims, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates, which would materially adversely affect our commercial development efforts. Numerous factors may limit any potential competitive advantage provided by our intellectual property rights. The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, provide a barrier to entry against our competitors or potential competitors, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. Moreover, if a third party has intellectual property rights that cover the practice of our technology, we may not be able to fully exercise or extract value from our intellectual property rights. The following examples are illustrative: others may be able to develop and/or practice technology that is similar to our technology or aspects of our technology but that is not covered by the claims of patents, should such patents issue from our patent applications; we might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by a pending patent application that we own; we might not have been the first to file patent applications covering an invention; others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; pending patent applications that we own or license may not lead to issued patents; patents, if issued, that we own or license may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; third parties may compete with us in jurisdictions where we do not pursue and obtain patent protection; we may not be able to obtain and/or maintain necessary or useful licenses on reasonable terms or at all; third parties may assert an ownership interest in our intellectual property and, if successful, such disputes may preclude us from exercising exclusive rights over that intellectual property; we may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business and results of operations. General company-related risks Our future success depends on our ability to retain and motivate qualified personnel. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and biopharmaceuticals industries depends upon our ability to retain highly qualified managerial, scientific, and medical personnel. In order to induce valuable employees to 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 continue their employment with us, we have provided stock options that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options that vest over time is significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. However, we can provide no assurances that our retention measures will succeed in this objective, including if our stock price continues to decline. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers and other key employees , and an inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays and harm our business. Pursuant to their employment arrangements, each of our executive officers, and other employees may voluntarily terminate their employment at any time, with or without notice. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management and scientific personnel in the future due to the intense competition for a limited number of qualified personnel among biopharmaceutical, biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and other businesses. Many of the other pharmaceutical companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles, and a longer history in the industry than we do. They also may be located in a more appealing geographic location or provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than what we may be able to offer. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific personnel from universities and research institutions. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize product candidates will be limited. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. We face potential product liability exposure, and, if claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability. The use of product candidates in any future clinical studies we may conduct and the sale of product candidates, if approved, exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by patients, healthcare providers, or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our product candidates. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, including as a result of interactions with alcohol or other drugs, negligence, strict liability, and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we become subject to product liability claims and cannot successfully defend ourselves against them, we could incur substantial liabilities. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in, among other things: withdrawal of subjects from our clinical studies; substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; decreased demand for our product candidates or any future product candidates following marketing approval, if obtained; damage to our reputation and exposure to adverse publicity; increased FDA warnings on product labels; litigation costs; distraction of management s attention from our primary business; loss of revenue; and 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 the inability to successfully commercialize our product candidates or any future product candidates, if approved. 
 We maintain product liability insurance coverage for our clinical studies with a 10.0 million annual aggregate coverage limit . Nevertheless, our insurance coverage may be insufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses, including if insurance coverage becomes increasingly expensive. If and when we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may not be able to obtain this product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. The cost of any product liability litigation or other proceedings, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, particularly in light of the size of our business and financial resources. A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if we are unsuccessful in defending such a claim or claims and the resulting judgments exceed our insurance coverage, our financial condition, business, and prospects could be materially adversely affected. We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management team is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company and these costs will further increase if and once we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. However, while we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we are and will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants, and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that neither we nor our independent registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. Additionally, we may discover weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of our financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, our investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state, and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA, was enacted in 2017 and significantly reformed the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. The TCJA, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35 to a flat rate of 21 , limitation of the tax deduction for net interest expense to 30 of adjusted earnings (except for certain small businesses), limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80 of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, in each case, for losses generated after December 31, 2017 (though any such net operating losses may be carried forward indefinitely), and the modification or repeal of many business deductions and credits (including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions generally referred to as orphan drugs ). Future changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. We urge investors to consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the implications of the TCJA and other changes in tax laws on an investment in our common stock. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitation. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards of 270.5 million and 25.7 million, respectively. Of the 270.5 million federal NOL carryforwards, 184.8 million of gross NOLs are limited under Sec. 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 382 ), of which 48.9 million gross NOLs were generated prior to 2018 and will begin to expire in 2035, and the remainder were generated after 2018 and have an indefinite carryforward period. All the gross NOLs that are limited are subject to a substantial annual limitation, and 33.3 million will expire based on such limitations. Under Section 382, changes in our ownership may limit the amount of our NOL carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards that could be utilized annually to offset our future taxable income, if any. This limitation would generally apply in the event of a cumulative change in ownership of our company of more than 50 within a three-year period. Any such limitation may significantly reduce our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards before they expire. During 2020, we performed a detailed analysis of historical and current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of NOL carryforwards. Except for approximately 184.8 million of NOLs arising prior to our October 2020 secondary offering, we expect the entire remaining federal NOL carryforward will not be subject to limitations under Section 382. However, sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders, or additional sales of our common stock by us, could trigger additional limitations under Section 382 and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future years. Unfavorable global conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including inflation or any recession, depression or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the spread of COVID-19. A global financial crisis can cause extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, such as the global financial crisis years ago, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including, weakened demand for our product candidates and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our services. A period of hyperinflation could significantly increase the anticipated costs of our clinical trials. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. In addition, general global unrest could disrupt the economy in the United States and around the world and could have a direct material adverse impact on certain industries and on general business activity. We have used and intend to continue to use contract manufacturing organizations outside of the United States to manufacture drug product and 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 contract research organizations that operate outside of the United States to conduct our clinical trials within the United States, and we may in the future use contract research organizations to conduct clinical trials outside of the United States. A prolonged geopolitical crisis outside the United States, even in countries in which we do not operate, could impact our clinical trial timelines and drug supply and could as a result have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We, or the third parties upon whom we depend, may be adversely affected by earthquakes or other natural disasters or pandemics, including COVID-19, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. Earthquakes or other natural disasters or pandemics, including COVID-19, could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage, or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which, particularly when taken together with our lack of earthquake insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product candidates development programs. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our third-party CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our programs. For example, the loss of clinical study data for our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage to our data or applications or other data or applications relating to our technology or product candidates, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liabilities and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company and our contractors or consultants. In addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our contractors or consultants or fraudulently induce our personnel or the personnel of our contractors or consultants to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/or systems. We have experienced a number of unsuccessful phishing attacks on our systems, and we may continue to experience threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing and other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time, including as a result of employees working remotely in response to COVID-19. If a material breach of our information technology systems or those of our contractors or consultants occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could be damaged. We could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace information systems or networks. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. In addition, there can be no assurance that our internal information technology systems or those of 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 our third-party contractors, or our consultants efforts to implement adequate security and control measures, will be sufficient to protect us against breakdowns, service disruption, data deterioration or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a cyberattack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks or insider threat attacks which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm. We may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. We may acquire additional businesses or products, form strategic alliances, or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing, and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot provide assurance that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve the synergies expected in order to justify the transaction. Risks related to our common stock An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the public offering price. Prior to our IPO in June 2018, there had been no public market for our common stock. Although our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, an active trading market for our shares may never be sustained. If an active market for our common stock is not sustained, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares without depressing the market price for the shares or sell their shares at or above the prices at which they acquired their shares or sell their shares at the time they would like to sell. Any inactive trading market for our common stock may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund our operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. We may fail to continue to meet the listing standards of Nasdaq and, as a result, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock. The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC has requirements that a company must meet in order to remain listed on Nasdaq. In particular, Nasdaq rules require us to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share of our common stock. If the closing bid price of our common stock were to remain below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, or we do not meet other listing requirements, we would fail to be in compliance with Nasdaq s listing standards. The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC initiated the delisting process by issuing a deficiency letter on June 9, 2022, notifying us that the bid price for our common stock had closed below the 1.00 per share minimum for 30 consecutive trading days, and providing us a period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. In December 2022, we transferred the listing of our common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market and received an additional 180-day compliance period with respect to the minimum bid price requirement. We also provided written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the additional compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. However, we may still be unable to meet the minimum bid price requirement within that additional 180-day period, we may be unable to complete a reverse stock split, if necessary, and we may be unable to meet other applicable Nasdaq listing requirements, including maintaining minimum levels of stockholders equity or market values of our common stock, in which case our common stock could be delisted. If our common stock were to be delisted, the liquidity of our common stock would be adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock could decrease. In addition, the delisting of our common stock from a national exchange would have a material adverse effect on our access to capital markets, and any limitation on market liquidity or reduction in the price of our common stock as a result of that delisting could materially adversely affect the Company s ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to the Company 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Market volatility may affect our stock price and the value of your investment. The market price for our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile for the foreseeable future, in part because our common stock had not been previously traded publicly prior to our IPO. For example, in the year ended December 31, 2022, our common stock s sales price on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and The Nasdaq Capital Market ranged from a low of 0.23 to a high of 3.62. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control. In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and, if they choose to act together, will be able to control or exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. Based on 67,715,718 shares outstanding as of March 17, 2023, our executive officers, directors, five percent stockholders and their affiliates beneficially owned approximately 43 of our voting stock. The existing holdings of our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders, and their affiliates, including investment funds affiliated with Bain Capital Life Sciences and Adams Street represent beneficial ownership, in the aggregate, of approximately 24 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, this concentration of ownership might adversely affect the market price of our common stock by: delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control of us; impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover, or other business combination involving us; or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares issued or reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans and will file additional registration statements on Form S-8 to register additional shares pursuant to the evergreen provisions under our equity incentive plans. These shares are eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. In addition, as of March 15, 2023, the holders of approximately 8,041,404 shares of our common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares purchased by affiliates. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the market our common stock. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, even one that may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our management. These provisions include a classified board of directors, a prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders, and the ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board were considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. Our bylaws contain exclusive forum provisions, which may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum it finds favorable and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Our amended and restated bylaws provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers and employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (including the interpretation, validity or enforceability thereof), or (iv) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine in each case subject to the Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein; provided, however, that this provision shall not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. We have chosen the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois as the exclusive forum for such causes of action because our principal executive offices are located in Evanston, Illinois. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions; provided, however, that stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These forum selection provisions may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims. Additionally, these forum selection provisions may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal forum provision. The federal forum provision may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid, and if the federal forum provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company , and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and may remain an emerging growth company until December 31, 2023, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th or if we have annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more in any fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of December 31 of the applicable year. We also would cease to be an emerging growth company if we issue more than 1 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. We are also a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We would cease to be a smaller reporting company if we have a public float in excess of 250 million, or have annual revenues in excess of 100 million and a public float in excess of 700 million, determined on an annual basis. As an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 In addition to the above reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, as a smaller reporting company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. These exemptions include: being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure; and not being required to furnish a stock performance graph in our annual report. 
 We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock and do not currently intend to do so in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation, and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of our Loan Agreement with K2HV preclude us from paying cash dividends. Therefore, the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased them. If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports or publish misleading, inaccurate, or unfavorable research about us, our business or our market, our stock price, and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or provides more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently have one location in Evanston, Illinois where we lease space. We lease a facility of approximately 22,672 square feet located at 909 Davis Street, Suite 600, Evanston, IL 60201. Our lease expires on September 30, 2023. We believe our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional substitute space would be available if needed. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not a party to any legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any material claims or actions pending or threatened against us. In the future, we might from time to time become involved in litigation relating to claims arising from our ordinary course of business, the resolution of which we do not anticipate would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol APTX . Trading of our common stock commenced on June 21, 2018, in connection with our initial public offering, or IPO. Prior to that time, there was no established public trading market for our common stock. As of March 15, 2023, we had approximately 47 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. Dividends We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 board of directors and will depend on various factors, including applicable laws, our results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, then applicable contractual restrictions and any other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Investors should not purchase our common stock with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. Equity Compensation Plan The information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering On June 25, 2018, we closed our initial public offering, or IPO, in which we issued and sold 6,399,999 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 16.00 per share, and issued an additional 959,999 shares of common stock at a price of 16.00 per share pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. All of the shares of common stock issued and sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 Registration No. 333-225150 ), which was declared effective by the SEC on June 20, 2018. J.P. Morgan, Cowen, Leerink Partners, and BMO Capital Markets acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. The aggregate gross proceeds to us from our initial public offering, inclusive of the over-allotment exercise, were 117.8 million. The aggregate net proceeds to us from the public offering, inclusive of the over-allotment exercise, were approximately 106.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us of approximately 3.0 million. No offering expenses were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliate. As described in the final prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) dated June 20, 2018 , we expect to use the net proceeds from our IPO to fund our ongoing clinical development of NYX-2925, to advance NYX-783 through completion of our Phase 2 clinical study, to advance NYX-458 for the treatment of Parkinson s disease cognitive impairment through completion of Phase 1 clinical development and into our planned Phase 2 clinical study, and to explore NMDAr-dependent biomarkers and develop any additional product candidates. Information related to use of proceeds from registered securities is incorporated herein by reference to the Use of Proceeds section of the Company s final prospectus related to the IPO. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus. Item 6. Reserved 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel, proprietary, synthetic small molecules for the treatment of nervous system disorders. We have focused our efforts on targeting and modulating N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, or NMDArs, which are vital to normal and effective function of the brain and nervous system. We believe leveraging the therapeutic advantages of the differentiated modulatory mechanism of our compounds could drive a paradigm shift in the treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system. Our lead compound, NYX-783 is in Phase 1 clinical development for the treatment of opioid use disorder, or OUD. The development of NYX-783 in OUD is being supported by a grant from the National Institutes of Health and National Institute on Drug Abuse. The Phase 1 study is being conducted by researchers at Yale University School of Medicine. In preclinical studies, NYX-783 has also demonstrated therapeutic potential in treating alcohol use disorder, or AUD. Previously, we also sought to develop compounds for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (NYX-783), cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson s disease and dementia with Lewy bodies (NYX-458) and chronic pain (NYX-2925). In August 2022, we announced that we were discontinuing the development of NYX-2925 after two Phase 2b studies in chronic pain failed to demonstrate sufficent efficacy to support continued investment by Aptinyx. In February 2023, we discontinued the development of NYX-458 in cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson s disease and dementia with Lewy bodies, following results from an exploratory Phase 2 clinical study which did not demonstrate clinically meaningful improvements by NYX-458 over placebo on the study s efficacy endpoints. In March 2023, we discontinued the development of NYX-783 in PTSD following the early termination of the study and analysis of the available data from the first 100 patients enrolled in the study. In the analysis, NYX-783 did not demonstrate sufficient improvement on the study s primary endpoint to support continued development of the program by Aptinyx. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 In March 2023, we engaged Ladenburg Thalmann Co. as our exclusive financial advisor to assist in the process of exploring strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value. No timetable has been established for the completion of this process, and the we do not expect to disclose developments unless and until the board of directors has concluded that disclosure is appropriate or required. In March 2023, we also began implementation of a strategic restructuring with the objective of preserving capital. Our board of directors approved a restructuring plan following a review of our operations, cost structure, and growth opportunities. The restructuring included a reduction in headcount of approximately 60 across the Company. We recorded a charge of approximately 1.4 million in the first quarter of 2022 as a result of the restructuring, which consisted of one-time termination benefits for employee severance, benefits and related costs, all of which are expected to result in cash expenditures and substantially all of which will be paid out by the first quarter of 2023. Since our inception in June 2015, we have never generated revenue from the sale of our products and have incurred significant net losses. Our nominal revenues to date have been primarily derived from a research collaboration agreement with Allergan plc, or Allergan, a development services agreement with Allergan, and research and development grants from the U.S. government. While these revenues have offset a small portion of the costs associated with our early stage research and discovery efforts, we do not rely on these revenues to fund our operations. Our research collaboration and development services agreements with Allergan have passed their contractual conclusions and we do not expect to receive any further revenues from these collaborations. As of December 31 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 56.2 million. We have identified conditions and events which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. See Liquidity, capital resources, and going concern within footnote one to the financial statements. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, which we expect will take a number of years and the outcome of which is uncertain, or enter into collaborative agreements with third parties, the timing of which is largely beyond our control and may never occur. To fund our current and future operating plans, we will need additional capital, which we may obtain through one or more equity offerings, debt financings, or other third-party funding, including potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. We may, however, be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our current product candidates, or any additional product candidates, if developed. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including our ability to timely and successfully enroll subjects in the clinical studies of our compounds and the pace and results of our preclinical and clinical development efforts. We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Financial operations overview Revenues We have not generated any revenue from product sales. We are unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales any products we may develop, if approved. Our revenue to date has been primarily derived from a research collaboration agreement with Allergan (now a subsidiary of AbbVie), under which the jointly funded research activities and option exercise period, including the associated payments by Allergan, came to their contractual conclusion in August 2020 and February 2021, respectively; a development services agreement with Allergan, which was put in place to continue certain development activities for a pre-determined short period of time following Allergan s acquisition of Naurex Inc. in 2015; and research and development grants from the U.S. government that have no repayment or royalty obligations and none of which are currently outstanding. Operating expenses Research and development expenses Research and development activities account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. We expense research and development costs as incurred. Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred in connection with the development of our product candidates, including: fees paid to consultants, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, and contract research organizations, or CROs, including in connection with our preclinical and clinical studies, and other related clinical study fees, such as for investigator grants, patient screening, laboratory work, clinical study database management, and statistical compilation and analysis; costs related to acquiring and maintaining preclinical and clinical study materials and facilities; costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements; and costs related to salaries, bonuses, and other compensation, including stock-based compensation, for employees in research and development functions. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of our product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing such product candidates, including the uncertainty related to: the impacts of COVID-19; future clinical study results; the scope, rate of progress, and expense of any preclinical studies, clinical studies and other research and development activities; clinical study enrollment rate or design; the manufacturing of our product candidates; our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; significant and changing government regulation; 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers, developing and timely delivery of commercial-grade drug formulations that can be used in our clinical trials and for commercial launch; the timing and receipt of regulatory approvals, if any; and the risks disclosed in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report. A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates could significantly change the costs, timing, and viability associated with the development of that product candidate. We expect our research and development expenses to increase over the next several years as we continue to implement our business strategy, which includes advancing our product candidates into and through clinical development, expanding our research and development efforts, seeking regulatory approvals for any product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical studies, accessing and developing additional product candidates, and hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts. In addition, product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally incur higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical studies. As such, we expect our research and development expenses to increase as our product candidates advance into later stages of clinical development. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs, including stock-based compensation. General and administrative expenses also include rent as well as professional fees for legal, consulting, accounting, and audit services. Other income (expense), net and interest expense Other income (expense), net and interest expense consists primarily of the interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and interest expense on our Loan Agreement, as well as changes in fair value of the derivative liability associated with our obligation to issue additional warrants in connection with subsequent draws under our Loan Agreement. Results of operations Comparison of years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, Increase 2022 2021 (Decrease) Collaboration revenue 1,000 (1,000) Operating expenses: Research and development 42,748 55,444 (12,696) General and administrative 19,819 20,090 (271) Total operating expenses 62,567 75,534 (12,967) Loss from operations (62,567) (74,534) (11,967) Other (income) expense, net (737) (160) 577 Interest expense 3,019 512 2,507 Net loss and comprehensive loss (64,849) (74,886) (10,037) 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Collaboration revenue Collaboration revenue was 0.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Collaboration revenue in 2021 was attributable to the research collaboration with Allergan. The decrease in 2022 is attributed to the option exercise period under the research collaboration and the associated payments by Allergan coming to its contractual conclusion in February 2021. Research and development expenses The following table summarizes our research and development expenses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, Increase 2022 2021 (Decrease) NYX-2925 10,355 31,500 (21,145) NYX-783 14,354 4,892 9,462 NYX-458 7,072 5,886 1,186 Preclinical research and discovery programs 2,856 3,063 (207) Personnel and related costs 8,111 10,103 (1,992) Total research and development expenses 42,748 55,444 (12,696) Research and development expenses were 42.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 55.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 12.7 million was primarily due to the following: a decrease of approximately 21.1 million related to the completion of enrollment in our Phase 2b clinical trials in patients with painful DPN and in patients with fibromyalgia in October 2021 and February 2022, respectively; a decrease of approximately 2.0 million due to employee compensation and related support costs associated with reduction in headcount and lower grant date fair values for equity awards; an increase of approximately 9.4 million in clinical, regulatory, and drug product costs related to the conduct of Phase 2b development of NYX-783 in patients with PTSD; and an increase of approximately 1.2 million related to our Phase 2 study of NYX-458 in patients with cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson s disease and dementia with Lewy bodies. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses were 19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 20.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other income (expense), net We recorded 0.7 million and 0.2 million of other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This change was primarily driven by a change in fair value of the derivative liability. Interest expense Interest expense was 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase was driven by the average balances outstanding under our Loan Agreement, which we entered into on September 15, 2021, coupled with an increase in the applicable interest rates during 2022. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and capital resources From our inception through December 31, 2022, we have incurred significant operating losses and have funded our operations to date through proceeds from collaborations, grants, sales of convertible preferred stock, IPO and follow-on public offerings, our ATM Offerings, and our debt financing. We have generated limited revenue to date from a research collaboration agreement with Allergan, a development services agreement with Allergan, and research and development grants from the U.S. government. The jointly funded research activities and option exercise period under the research collaboration agreement with Allergan, as well as associated payments by Allergan to us, came to their contractual conclusion in August 2020 and February 2021, respectively. On June 25, 2018, we completed our IPO, pursuant to which we issued and sold 7,359,998 shares of our common stock at a price of 16.00 per share, which included 959,999 shares sold pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. We received 106.5 million of proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. On July 1, 2019, we entered into a Sales Agreement (the 2019 Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to 24.0 million under an at the market offering program (the 2019 ATM Offering ). The 2019 Sales Agreement provides that Cowen will be entitled to a sales commission equal to 3.0 of the gross sales price per share of all shares sold under the 2019 ATM Offering. To date, we have sold an aggregate of 5,120,940 shares under the 2019 ATM Offering at a weighted-average price of 3.99 per share for net proceeds of 20.4 million after deducting sales commission and other offering expenses, including 3,629,458 shares for net proceeds of 14.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. On September 16, 2021, we entered into a Sales Agreement (the 2021 Sales Agreement with Cowen pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0 million under an at the market offering program (the 2021 ATM Offering and which supersedes the 2019 Sales Agreement and 2019 ATM Offering. The 2021 Sales Agreement provides that Cowen will be entitled to a sales commission equal to 3.0 of the gross sales price per share of all shares sold under the 2021 ATM Offering. To date, no shares of common stock have been issued and sold pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement. On January 14, 2020, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3. We sold an aggregate of 11,691,666 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of 3.00 per share. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately 33.3 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as other offering expenses. On October 26, 2020, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3. We sold an aggregate of 16,100,000 shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of 3.00 per share. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately 45.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as estimated offering expenses. On September 15, 2021, we entered into a loan and security agreement with K2 HealthVentures LLC, or Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement provides up to 50.0 million principal in term loans, 15.0 million of which was funded at the time we entered into the Loan Agreement and 10.0 million of which was funded in March 2022. Interest on the outstanding loan balance will accrue at a variable rate equal to the greater of (i) 7.95 and (ii) the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal, plus 4.70 . We are required to make monthly interest-only payments through September 2023. If we elect to draw the third tranche, the interest-only period is extended through October 2024. Subsequent to the interest-only period, we are required to make equal monthly principal payments plus any accrued interest until the loans mature in September 2025. Upon final payment or prepayment of the loans, we are required to pay a final payment equal to 6.45 of the loans borrowed. We have the option to prepay the loans in whole, subject to a 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 prepayment fee of 3 if the payment occurs on or before 24 months after the initial funding date, 2 if the prepayment occurs more than 24 months after, but on or before 36 months after the initial funding date, or 1 if the prepayment occurs more than 36 months after the initial funding date. We are obligated to pay a loan origination fee of 0.8 of each term loan that is funded under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement also restricts certain activities, such as disposing of our business or certain assets, incurring additional debt or liens or making payments on other debt, making certain investments and declaring dividends, acquiring or merging with another entity, engaging in transactions with affiliates or encumbering intellectual property, among others. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 56.2 million. We invest our cash equivalents in liquid money market accounts. Funding requirements Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, research and development services, compensation and related expenses, laboratory and related supplies, legal and other regulatory expenses, patent prosecution filing and maintenance costs for our licensed intellectual property and general overhead costs. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. In addition, since the closing of our IPO, we have incurred, and expect to incur, additional costs associated with operating as a public company. We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: seek to address and recover from impacts of COVID-19; advance the clinical development of our lead product candidates; continue to improve the manufacturing process for our product candidates; and manufacture clinical supplies as our development progresses; continue the research and development of our preclinical product candidates; seek to identify and develop additional product candidates; maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and improve our operational, financial, and management systems to support our clinical development and other operations. 
 Outlook We are not able to advance our studies or perform meaningful research or development without obtaining additional sources of financing. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, which we expect will take a number of years and the outcome of which is uncertain, or enter into collaborative agreements with third parties, the timing of which is largely beyond our control and may never occur. To fund our current and future operating plans, we will need additional capital, which we may obtain through one or more equity offerings, debt financings, or other third-party funding, including potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. We may, however, be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of COVID-19. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our current product candidates, or any additional product candidates, if developed. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the effects of COVID-19, our ability to successfully enroll subjects in a timely way for the clinical studies and the pace and results 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 of our preclinical and clinical development efforts. We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. Cash flows The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (59,684) (63,425) Investing activities 121 Financing activities 9,747 28,326 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (49,937) (34,978) Operating activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, the 3.7 million decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to a 10.0 million decrease in our net loss year over year, driven mostly by lower research and development expenses, offset by a decrease in the use of cash of 4.8 million due to changes in working capital largely driven by timing of cash paid to support our clinical research programs, and also offset by a decrease in non-cash stock based compensation of 1.5 million. Investing activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, the 0.1 million decrease in net cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to proceeds from disposal of laboratory equipment in 2021. Financing activities For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, the 18.6 million decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to 14.6 million of net proceeds received from our at the market offering in the 2021 period, 14.6 million of net proceeds received from our Loan Agreement in the 2021 period, and 0.9 million repurchase of shares for tax withholding obligations associated with restricted stock units in the 2021 period, compared to 10.0 million of net proceeds received from our Loan Agreement in the 2022 period and offering costs of 0.2 million. Critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates We prepare our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. In the preparation of these financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or operating results would be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development As part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate certain of our accrued research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees paid to: CROs in connection with performing research and development services on our behalf; investigative sites or other providers in connection with clinical studies; vendors in connection with preclinical development activities; and vendors related to product manufacturing, development, and distribution of clinical supplies. 
 We base our expenses related to clinical studies on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple CROs that conduct and manage clinical studies on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the clinical expense. Payments under some of these contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical study milestones. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed, enrollment of patients, number of sites activated and level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or amount of prepaid expenses accordingly. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made any material adjustments to our prior estimates of accrued or prepaid research and development expenses. Stock-based compensation We measure stock-based awards granted to our directors and employees at fair value on the date of grant and recognize the corresponding compensation expense of those awards over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. Generally, we issue stock options and restricted stock with only service-based vesting conditions and record the expense for these awards using the straight-line method. We have historically granted stock options with exercise prices equivalent to the fair value of our common stock as of the date of grant. The fair value of our common stock is determined based on the quoted market price of our common stock. Prior to our IPO, the estimates in determining our stock-based compensation valuations were highly complex and subjective, and since our stock was not publicly traded, our board of directors estimated the fair value of our common stock at various dates, with input from management, considering our then most recently available third-party valuations of common stock and its assessment of additional objective and subjective factors that it believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the grant. The grant date fair value of our options is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The expected volatility for our options granted is based on a weighted-average of the historical volatility of share values of publicly traded companies within the biotechnology industry which includes the historical volatility of our stock since the IPO. The expected term of our options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. JOBS Act Under Section 107(b) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards would apply to private companies. We intend to avail of this exemption. There are other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act that we are currently evaluating. For example, as an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act which would otherwise require us to (1) submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay, say-on-frequency, and golden parachutes; and (2) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of our chief executive officer s compensation to our median employee compensation. We also intend to avail of an exemption from the rule requiring us to provide an auditor s attestation report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will continue to remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of the following: (1) December 31, 2023; (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenue is equal to or more than 1.235 billion; (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (4) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. Recent accounting pronouncements See Note 2 to our financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Information requested by this Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk is not applicable as we are electing scaled disclosure requirements available to Smaller Reporting Companies with respect to this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Our financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page 96. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. There has been no change of accountants nor any disagreements with accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices or financial disclosure required to be reported under this Item. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and principal financial officer (our Chief Financial Officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Management recognizes that any 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required by this item regarding directors, executive officers and corporate governance will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item regarding executive compensation will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required by this item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, and is incorporatedherein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information required by this item regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required by this item regarding principal accounting fees and services will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. . 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 1. The following Report and Financial Statements of the Company are included in this Annual Report: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. Balance Sheets Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss Statements of Stockholders Equity Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Financial Statements 2. All financial schedules have been omitted because the required information is either presented in the financial statements or the notes thereto or is not applicable or required. 3. The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference herein. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Aptinyx Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Aptinyx Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations since inception, and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ March 30, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Aptinyx Inc. Balance Sheets (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Other assets Property and equipment, net Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Term loan, current Total current liabilities Term loan, non-current Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 12) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Aptinyx Inc. Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Collaboration revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other (income) expense, net ) ) Interest expense Net loss and comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Aptinyx Inc. Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands) 

Additional Total Common stock paid-in Accumulated stockholders Shares Amount capital deficit equity Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock ) Stock based compensation Repurchase of shares for tax withholdings ) ) ) ) Issuance of warrants in connection with term loan financing Issuance of common stock upon at the market offering, net of sales commissions and other offering costs of Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of warrants in connection with term loan financing Stock based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Aptinyx Inc. Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Change in fair value of derivative liability associated with contingently issuable warrants ) Non-cash interest expense related to term loan Stock-based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts receivable Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from stock options exercised Repurchase of shares for tax withholdings ) Proceeds from issuance of term loan, net of issuance costs paid to lender Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from at the market offering, net of sales commission Payment of offering costs ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Debt issuance costs not yet paid Recognition of derivative liability associated with contingently issuable warrants Issuance of warrants in connection with term loan financing See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Aptinyx Inc. Notes to financial statements million under an at the market offering program (the 2019 ATM Offering ). The Sales Agreement provides that Cowen will be entitled to a sales commission equal to of the gross sales price per share of all shares sold under the 2019 ATM Offering. Between July 1, 2019 and December 31, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of shares at a weighted-average price of per share for net proceeds of million after deducting sales commission and other offering expenses including shares for net proceeds of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. On September 15, 2021, the Company entered into a Loan and Security agreement (the Loan Agreement with K2 HealthVentures LLC Lender ). The Loan Agreement provides up to million principal in term loans, million of which was funded at the time the Company entered into the agreement. See Note 10 for additional details regarding the Loan Agreement. On September 16, 2021, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (the 2021 Sales Agreement with Cowen pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to million under an at the market offering program (the 2021 ATM Offering and which supersedes the 2019 Sales Agreement and 2019 ATM Offering. The 2021 Sales Agreement provides that Cowen will be entitled to a sales commission equal to of the gross sales price per share of all shares sold under the 2021 ATM Offering. Between September 16, 2021 and December 31, 2022, shares of common stock have been issued and sold pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement. The financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million, cash and cash equivalents of million, and total liabilities of million. In February 2023, the Company announced results from a Phase 2 clinical study evaluating the effects of NYX-458 in patients with cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson s disease and dementia with Lewy bodies. Across the overall study population, NYX-458 did not demonstrate clinically meaningful improvements over placebo on the study s efficacy endpoints. The results do not support further development of NYX-458 by the Company. As a result, the Company also began implementation of a strategic restructuring with the objective of preserving capital. As part of the restructuring, the Company eliminated approximately of its workforce (see Note 18) and has taken other actions, including terminating its ongoing Phase 2b study of NYX-783 in PTSD to analyze the data to date to inform the next 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 permitted under the transition guidance, which allows it to carry forward its historical lease classification, its determination regarding whether a contract contains a lease and any initial indirect costs that had 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 million of operating lease right-of-use assets, million in short-term operating lease liabilities on the balance sheet upon adoption of the new standard. The operating lease liabilities were determined based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments and the operating lease right-of-use asset was determined based on the value of the lease liabilities, adjusted for deferred rent and tenant allowance balances of million, which were previously included in accrued liabilities. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 did not have a material impact on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss or cash flows. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 research collaborator, Allergan plc Allergan represented of the Company s revenues (see Note 4). The associated accounts receivable were approximately million at December 31, 2021. The Company writes off uncollectible receivables based on specific identification when the likelihood of collection is remote. allowance was deemed necessary at December 31, 2021. Short-term restricted cash and long-term restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statements of cash flows Amounts included in restricted cash represent those amounts required to be held as a security deposit in the form of letters of credit for the Company s leased office facility and cash collateral held by credit card. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Level 3 assets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Level 3 liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million. The carrying values reported in the Company s balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these items. Laboratory equipment 5 years Leasehold improvements Lesser of the estimated useful life or term of the lease Construction-in-progress reflects property and equipment yet to be placed in service. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 t recorded any impairment losses on long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 . The valuation allowance increased by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the event the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize some or all its deferred income tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred income tax asset valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon an examination. Any recognized income tax positions would be measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement would be reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had liability for income tax associated with uncertain tax positions. The Company would recognize any corresponding interest and penalties associated with its income tax positions in income tax expense. There was income tax interest or penalties incurred in 2022 or 2021. days after a predetermined anniversary of the effective date of the RCA and (ii) the date on which Allergan exercises the last of options to acquire molecules from a pool of eligible compounds in both cases (clauses (i) and (ii)) subject to potential extension if and as required for the Company to transfer to Allergan information and technology related to compounds that were licensed by Allergan. The jointly funded research activities and option exercise period under the RCA, including the associated payments by Allergan to the Company, came to their contractual conclusion in August 2020 and February 2021, respectively. Under the terms of the agreement, Allergan will pay the Company million for each option exercised by Allergan. On May 16, 2018 and February 23, 2021, Allergan exercised its first and second option to acquire exclusive rights to develop and commercialize AGN-241751 and AGN-281705 within a predefined set of indications. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized the million non-refundable milestone payment within collaboration revenue in the statements of operations as there were no remaining performance obligations associated with the optioned compound. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Money market funds, included in restricted cash Total Assets Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Money market funds, included in cash and cash equivalents Money market funds, included in restricted cash Total Assets Liabilities Derivative liability, included in other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Prepaid insurance Prepaid manufacturing costs Other prepaid expenses and current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets Laboratory equipment Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense was and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company disposed of certain laboratory equipment during the year ended December 31, 2021 that were fully depreciated at the time of disposal. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Development costs and sponsored research Clinical trials Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities square feet. The term of this lease commenced on April 1, 2017 and continues through August 31, 2022. The Company has an option to renew the lease for renewal term of years. The lease provided the Company with a tenant improvement allowance of million. The Company recorded the tenant improvement allowance incurred as a deferred lease incentive and is amortizing the deferred lease incentive through a reduction of rent expense ratably over the lease term. On July 18, 2018, the Company entered into a sublease agreement for additional office space adjacent to the Company s existing headquarters in Evanston, Illinois, totaling approximately square feet. The term of the lease commenced on July 18, 2018 and continues through September 30, 2022. On January 31, 2019, the sublease agreement was terminated, and the Company entered into an amended lease agreement with the landlord for the same additional office space. The terms commence on February 1, 2019 and continue through August 31, 2022. On April 6, 2022, the Company executed an amendment to extend the lease agreement with its landlord for office space totaling square feet through September 30, 2023. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in other assets and accured expenses and other current liabilities on the balance sheet. Right-of-use assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date. The operating lease right-of-use assets also include any lease payments made and are reduced by any lease incentives received. The Company s lease terms may include options to extend or not terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise any such options. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term. The Company s only lease recognized on the balance sheet is a real estate lease of office space. This lease has a remaining term of less than and there are options to renew as of December 31, 2022. The Company has elected the practical expedient permitted under ASC 842 to combine lease and non-lease components. As a result, non-lease components, such as common area maintenance charges, are accounted for as a single lease element. The Company s remaining operating leases are primarily comprised of leases of printers and other equipment. The Company does not have material finance leases. The Company s real estate lease agreement includes variable payments that are passed through by the landlord, such as insurance, taxes, and common area maintenance, and payments based on the usage of the asset. Pass-through charges and payments due to changes in usage of the asset are included within variable rent expense. In 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a contract manufacturing organization for manufacturing of materials for research and development purposes, including manufacturing of clinical trial materials. This agreement is 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 , unless terminated earlier by the Company. The Company has determined that the agreement includes an embedded lease. There are no contractual minimum purchase obligations associated with this agreement. All payments associated with this agreement are variable. The Company s lease agreement does not contain material residual value guarantees, restrictions, or covenants. The components of lease expense were as follows: Variable lease cost Total lease cost Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases was as follows: Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations (1) Operating leases (1) Including the balance recognized on January 1, 2022, upon adoption of ASU No. 2016-02. 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: Other current liabilities Noncurent Operating Lease Liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average lease term Operating leases years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, the future payments under operating leases were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Lease Payments Less: Imputed Interest ) Present Value of Lease Liabilities As of December 31, 2022, we have an additional lease, primarily for clinical supply manufacturing, that has not yet commenced with a minimum order commitment of million and a minimum lease term of two years . This lease will commence during fiscal year 2023. Comparative Period Disclosures under ASC 840: Rental expense for operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Minimum Lease Payments under ASC 840 million under the Loan Agreement. The Company plans to use the proceeds of the term loans to support clinical development as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Loan Agreement provides a term loan commitment of million in potential tranches: (i) a million term loan facility funded on September 15, 2021 (the First Tranche Term Loan ), (ii) a million term loan facility (the Second Tranche Term Loan available at the Company s option between January 1, 2022 and June 30, 2022, (iii) a million term loan facility (the Third Tranche Term Loan available at the Company s option between July 1, 2022 and December 1, 2022 subject to the draw of the Second Tranche Term Loan and positive phase 2 clinical data from NYX-2925 or NYX-458 and progression of another clinical asset, and (iv) a million term loan facility (the Fourth Tranche Term Loan available through July 1, 2023 at the Company s option but subject to review of financial and clinical plan and Lender s Investment Committee approval. All of these term loans have a maturity date of September 1, 2025. Borrowings under all term loan facilities bear interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) and (ii) the Prime Rate plus . The Company is permitted to make interest-only payments on the First Tranche Term Loan for the first following the funding date. The interest-only period can be extended by an additional , subject to the funding of the Second Tranche Term Loan and the funding of the Third Tranche Term Loan. The term of the combined facility will be , with repayment in monthly installments commencing at the end of the resulting interest-only period as outlined above through the end of the 48-month term. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 of the aggregate amount of the term loans funded Exit Fee ), to occur upon the earliest of (i) the maturity date, (ii) the acceleration of the term loans, and (iii) the prepayment of the term loans. The Company has the option to prepay all, but not less than all, of the outstanding principal balance of the term loans under the Loan Agreement. If the Company prepays all of the term loans prior to the maturity date, it will pay the Lender a prepayment penalty fee based on a percentage of the outstanding principal balance, equal to if the payment occurs on or before after the initial funding date, if the prepayment occurs more than after, but on or before after the initial funding date, or if the prepayment occurs more than after the initial funding date. The Company also is obligated to pay the Lender an origination fee of of all term loans funded at the time of funding. The Lender may, at its option, elect to convert any portion of no more than million of the then outstanding term loan amount and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of the lesser of per share and the price per share of the common stock in the Company s next equity offering in which the Company receives at least million of gross proceeds . The Company determined that the embedded conversion option is not required to be separated from the term loan. The embedded conversion option meets the derivative accounting scope exception since the embedded conversion option is indexed to the Company s own common stock and qualifies for classification within stockholders equity. The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of its assets. The Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, and also includes customary events of default, including payment default, breach of covenants, change of control, and material adverse effects. The Loan Agreement restricts certain activities, such as disposing of the Company s business or certain assets, incurring additional debt or liens or making payments on other debt, making certain investments and declaring dividends, acquiring or merging with another entity, engaging in transactions with affiliates or encumbering intellectual property, among others. There are no financial covenants associated with the Loan Agreement. The Company was in compliance with all non-financial covenants under the Loan Agreement as of December 31, 2022. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, a default interest rate of an addition per annum may be applied to the outstanding loan balances, and the Lender may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable and exercise all of its rights and remedies as set forth in the Loan Agreement and under applicable law. The Company recorded interest expense related to the Loan Agreement of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 2024 2025 2026 Total principal payments Exit Fee Total principal payments and Exit Fee Less: Unamortized debt discount related to warrants ) Less: Unamortized debt discount related to Exit Fee ) Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Term loan, net Less: current portion of term loan ) Term loan, non-current 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 million. On September 15, 2021, in connection with the funding of the First Tranche Term Loan, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant is immediately exercisable for shares and expires on September 15, 2031. On March 14, 2022, in connection with the funding of the Second Tranche Term Loan, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant is immediately exercisable for shares and expires on September 15, 2031. warrants had been exercised as of December 31, 2022. Any shares of the Company s common stock issued upon exercise of the warrant are permitted to be settled in unregistered shares. The warrant is classified as equity as it meets all the conditions under GAAP for equity classification. The Company has calculated the fair value of the warrant for initial measurement date of funding of the Second Tranche Term loan, and reassesses whether equity classification for the warrant is appropriate upon any changes to the warrants or capital structure, at each balance sheet date. The Company determined that the fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the First Tranche Term Loan and Second Tranche Term Loan was million and million, respectively. The specific assumptions used to determine the fair value of the warrants at the issue date were as follows: Expected dividends Expected term Years Years Risk-free rate Derivative Liability The Additional Warrants (as defined below) derivative liability will be remeasured each reporting period until settled or extinguished with subsequent changes in fair value recorded through other income (expense), net in the condensed statements of operations. The fair value of the Additional Warrants derivative liability was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the same input assumptions above, with an additional assessment required for the probability that the Additional Tranche Term Loans will be funded which would trigger the issuance of the Additional Warrants. The Company is conditionally obligated to issue a fixed number of additional warrants Additional Warrants in the amount of shares upon the funding of the Second, Third and Fourth Tranche Term Loans with the same exercise price and contractual term. As a result of the funding of the Second Tranche Term Loan, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock at per share. Upon issuing the warrants, the Company reclassified the related portion of its Additional Warrants derivative liability into equity. The remaining Additional Warrant Liability that remains outstanding was remeasured as of period end. The Company recorded a million loss on change in fair value through other (income) expense, net in the condensed statement of operations. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Fair value of Additional Warrant Derivative Liability issued during the period Change in fair value ) Derecognition ) Balance at December 31, 2022 The specific assumptions used to determine the fair value of the warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Expected dividends Expected term Years Years Risk-free rate million shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value , in one or more series. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. Common stock Warrants 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Plan amendment Grants ) Forfeitures and cancellations Available for grant as of December 31, 2021 Plan amendment Grants ) Forfeitures and cancellations Available for grant as of December 31, 2022 Stock-based compensation expense General and administrative Total stock based compensation expense Restricted stock units In June 2020 and May 2019, the Company issued an aggregate of and restricted stock units, respectively, to employees. The restricted stock units issued in 2020 vest from the date of grant. The restricted stock units issued in 2019 vest from the date of grant. The Company at any time may accelerate the vesting of the restricted stock units. Such shares are not accounted for as outstanding until they vest. restricted stock units were issued in 2022. Non-cash restricted stock unit award expense recognized in the accompanying statements of operations was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Stock options During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted million and million stock options, respectively. The options have a life and generally vest over a period of , subject to continuous employment. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of each option granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model that uses various assumptions regarding the: (1) expected volatility, (2) expected life of the option, (3) expected dividend yield, and (4) risk-free interest rate. T he expected volatility for the Company s options is based on a weighted-average of the historical volatility of share values of publicly traded companies within the biotechnology industry which, beginning in 2021, now includes the historical volatility of the Company s stock since the Company s IPO . A -dividend yield is also assumed in the stock option fair value computations. The expected life of the options represents the period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding and has been calculated utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain vanilla options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 - - Expected dividends Expected option life - Years - Years Risk-free rate Granted Exercised ) Forfeited and canceled ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited and canceled ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Employee stock purchase plan On June 5, 2018, the Company s stockholders approved the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective upon the completion of the Company s initial public offering. A total of shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under this plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the ESPP automatically increase on January 1 of each year through January 1, 2028, by the lesser of (i) of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 and (ii) such lesser number of shares as determined by the administrator of the Company s ESPP. 
 118 

Table of Contents) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted ) ) Warrants of an employee s eligible annual compensation. The Company has recorded matching contributions of million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. provision for income taxes because the Company has historically incurred operating losses and maintains a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. The reported amount of income tax expense for the years differs from the amount that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates and pretax losses primarily because of changes in valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets and valuation allowance Deferred tax assets reflect the tax effects of net operating losses NOLs and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The most significant item of deferred tax assets is derived from the Company s federal NOLs. At December 31, 2022 the Company had a U.S. federal NOL carryforward available to offset future taxable income of million. This includes million of gross NOLs that are limited under Sec. 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, of which million gross NOLs were generated prior to 2018 and will begin to expire in 2035, and the remainder were generated after 2018 and have an indefinite carryforward period. All the gross NOLs that are limited are subject to a substantial annual limitation and million will expire based on such limitations. There could also be additional ownership changes in the future which may result in additional limitations on the utilization of NOL carryforwards. As of 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 million which have a -year carryforward period and will begin to expire starting in 2027. A reconciliation of the U.S statutory rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: State rate Valuation allowance ) ) Other ) ) Interest expense carryforwards Section 174 R D Stock based compensation Accrued clinical trials Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other, net Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) Net deferred taxes The Company files federal and state income tax returns and, in the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by these taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s tax years through December 31, 2021 are subject to examination by the U.S. federal and state taxing authorities with the exception of the December 31, 2018 tax year. of its current headcount with the objective of preserving capital. This workforce reduction will take place primarily during the first quarter of 2023. As a result of these actions, the Company expects to incur personnel-related restructuring charges of 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 million in connection with one-time employee termination costs, including severance and other benefits, which are expected to be incurred in the first quarter of 2023. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary The Company has elected not to include summary information. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Exhibit Index 1.1 Loan and Security Agreement, by and between Aptinyx Inc. and K2 HealthVentures LLC, dated September 15, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38535 filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021). 1.2 Sales Agreement, by and among Aptinyx Inc. and Cowen and Company, LLC, dated September 16, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38535 filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021). 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38535 filed with the SEC on June 25, 2018). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38535 filed with the SEC on June 25, 2018). 4.1 Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock incorporated by reference to the Registrant s First Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018). 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated December 11, 2017, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on May 23, 2018). 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities 4.4 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock by and between Aptinyx Inc. and K2 HealthVentures LLC, dated September 15, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38535 filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021). 10.1# 2015 Stock Option and Grant Plan, amendments thereto, and forms of award agreements thereunder, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on May 23, 2018). 10.2# 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s First Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018). 10.3# 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s First Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018). 10.4# 2018 Senior Executive Cash Bonus Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s First Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1(File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018). 10.5# Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 3001-38535 filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 10.6# Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s First Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018). 10.7 Research Collaboration Agreement by and between Naurex Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allergan plc) and the Registrant, dated as of July 24, 2015, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated July 15, 2016, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on May 23, 2018). 10.8# Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s First Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018). 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 10.9 Office Lease Agreement by and between FSP 909 Davis Street LLC and Registrant, dated as of October 13, 2016, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225150 filed on May 23, 2018). 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Andrew Kidd, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Ashish Khanna, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 101 The following materials from Aptinyx Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) the Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity, (iv) the Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) Notes to Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this Exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Filed herewith. # Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. APTINYX INC. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ ANDREW KIDD Andrew Kidd, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Andrew Kidd and Ashish Khanna and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as their true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in their name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Title Date /s/ ANDREW KIDD Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 30, 2023 Andrew Kidd, M.D. /s/ ASHISH KHANNA Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 30, 2023 Ashish Khanna /s/ NORBERT G. RIEDEL Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors March 30, 2023 Norbert G. Riedel, Ph.D. /s/ HENRY GOSEBRUCH Director March 30, 2023 Henry O. Gosebruch /s/ ELISHA P. GOULD III Director March 30, 2023 Elisha P. Gould III /s/ ROBERT J. HOMBACH Director March 30, 2023 Robert J. Hombach 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 /s/ ADAM M. KOPPEL Director March 30, 2023 Adam M. Koppel, M.D., Ph.D. /s/ JOAN W. MILLER Director March 30, 2023 Joan W. Miller, M.D. /s/ GILMORE O NEILL Director Gilmore O Neill March 30, 2023 /s/ RACHEL E. SHERMAN Director March 30, 2023 Rachel E. Sherman 
 125 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 aptx-20221231xex4d3.htm
 EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 The following description of our common stock and preferred stock summarizes the material terms and provisions of our common stock and preferred stock. The following description of our capital stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and by applicable law. The terms of our common stock and preferred stock may also be affected by Delaware law. Authorized Capital Stock Our authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. Common Stock The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights, or other subscription rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. All outstanding shares are fully paid and non-assessable. The shares of common stock that we have issued are fully paid and non-assessable and will not have, or be subject to, any preemptive or similar rights. Undesignated Preferred Stock Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action. The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series and determine the number of shares in the series and its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. When we issue shares of preferred stock, the shares will fully be paid and non-assessable and will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights. Anti-Takeover Effects of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Delaware Law Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited 

tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. Board Composition and Filling Vacancies Our certificate of incorporation provides for the division of our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. The classification of directors, together with the limitations on removal of directors and treatment of vacancies, has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors. No Written Consent of Stockholders Our certificate of incorporation provides that all stockholder actions are required to be taken by a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholders without holding a meeting of stockholders. Meetings of Stockholders Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that only a majority of the members of our board of directors then in office may call special meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. Advance Notice Requirements Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. Our bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all stockholders notices. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors, and if required by law or our certificate of incorporation, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, board composition, limitation of liability and the amendment of our bylaws and certificate of incorporation must be approved by not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, or, if our board of directors recommends that the stockholders approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, in each case voting together as a single class. Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 2 

Our certificate of incorporation provides for 10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. Choice of Forum Our amended and restated bylaws provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers and employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, employees or stockholders arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to the Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. We have chosen the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois as the exclusive forum for such causes of action because our principal executive offices are located in Evanston, Illinois. The forum selection clauses in our amended and restated bylaws may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. The United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction, which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or 
 3 

at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 defines a business combination to include: any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; any sale, transfer, lease, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation; subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Nasdaq Capital Market Listing Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol APTX. 
 4 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 aptx-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of Aptinyx Inc. None 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 aptx-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-232488 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-225801, 333-237508, and 333-254665 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Aptinyx Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Chicago, Illinois March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 aptx-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Andrew Kidd, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aptinyx Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(d)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

 March 30, 2023 

 By: 

/s/ Andrew Kidd 

ANDREW KIDD, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 aptx-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Ashish Khanna, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aptinyx Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(d)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Ashish Khanna Ashish Khanna Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 aptx-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aptinyx Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Andrew Kidd Andrew Kidd Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: March 30, 2023 /s/ Ashish Khanna Ashish Khanna Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Dated: March 30, 2023 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aptx-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aptx-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aptx-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aptx-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

