<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1575142_0001640334-23-000532.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3945326</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128017</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>852590</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>947449</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>793890</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1124561</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000532.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331155119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000532
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOADAPTIVES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				462592228
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54949
		FILM NUMBER:		23787264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2620 REGATTA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 659-8829

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2620 REGATTA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APEX 8 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000532.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 bdpt_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

bdpt_10k.htm 
 Now UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 Form (Mark one) Annual Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended Transition Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of incorporation) (IRS Employer ID Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act - None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: - Common Stock - 0.0001 par value Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period the Company was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2021 was approximately .08 based upon 32,456,308 shares issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, there were 252,544,765 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. As of March 24, 2023, we had shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. BioAdaptives, Inc. Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Index to Contents Part I Page Number Item 1 Business 4 Item 1A Risk Factors 7 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 13 Item 2 Properties 13 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 13 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 13 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 14 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 16 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 16 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 19 Item 8 Financial Statements, Auditor s Notes and Supplemental Data 20 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Controls and Procedures Item 9B Other Information Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 39 Item 11 Executive Compensation 42 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 43 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 44 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 45 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 45 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 45 Signatures 46 2 Table of Contents Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information Certain statements contained in this annual filing, including, without limitation, statements containing the words believes , anticipates , expects and words of similar import, constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following: international, national and local general economic and market conditions: demographic changes; the ability of the Company to sustain, manage or forecast its growth; the ability of the Company to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and other factors referenced in this and previous filings. Given these uncertainties, readers of this Form 10-K and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. Where You Can Find Information The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC in the SEC s Public Reference Section, Room 1580,100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at www.sec.gov or www.freeedgar.com. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1 - Business The Company s History BioAdaptives, Inc., BioAdaptives, the Company, we or us was incorporated in the State of Delaware on April 19, 2013, as APEX 8 Inc. From inception through October 21, 2013, the Company was in the developmental stage and conducted virtually no business operations, other than organizational activities and preparation of a registration statement on Form 10-12g (the Registration Statement ), which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2013. On June 11, 2013, the SEC staff informed the Company that it had no further comments. On January 10, 2014, the SEC notified the Company that the registration statement was effective and on July 9, 2014, the Company s shares commenced trading in the Over-the-Counter market under the trading symbol BDPT. On March 31, 2017, the Company filed a Form 15-15D with the SEC, terminating its status as an SEC-reporting company; it was current in its Continuous Disclosure obligations at that time. The Company continued to provide financial and other reports to shareholders and the public by means of the Alternative Reporting System operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Its shares continued to trade in the OTC market and it also continued to execute its business plan. On May 10, 2019, the Company filed a Form 10-12g with the SEC, re-entering the Continuous Disclosure program and registering its common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On August 1, 2019, the SEC staff informed the Company that it had no further comments on this filing. On September 11, 2019, the Company appointed Robert Ellis as President and Ron Lambrecht as Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Jacobs remained as Chief Executive Officer. On February 6, 2020, the Board of Directors exercised its authority under the Delaware General Corporations Law to establish its Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A has enhanced voting and conversion privileges and can be used by the Company to settle recorded debt or exchange for new product rights or techniques. On this same day, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company s authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000; holders of a majority of the Company s common shares consented to the increase. Effective May 31, 2021, Dr. Jacobs appointed Robert Ellis and Charles Townsend as directors of the Company and to serve as President and Chief Operating Officer respectively. Dr. Jacobs also appointed Ronald Lambrecht as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Effective December 31, 2021, Mr. Lambrecht resigned. On January 26, 2022, the Board of Directors exercised its authority under the Delaware General Corporations Law to establish its Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B has enhanced voting and conversion privileges and can be used by the Company to acquire ownership of intellectual property rights and other assets. On this same day, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company s authorized common stock from 200,000,000 to 750,000,000; this holders of a majority of the Company s common shares consented to the increase. Effective February 2, 2022, the Company acquired the exclusive option to purchase U.S. Patent No. 9,783,432B (the Patent ), covering technology used in enhancing the capability of water to hold significantly larger amounts of oxygen. On March 18, 2022, the Company filed a Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a plan to sell up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock for prices between .005 and .01 per share. This was amended on October 7 2022 to 250,000,000 shares of common stock at the price of 0.001. June 2 2022. BioAdaptives, sponsored a COVID Long Haul Survey conducted by independent medical researcher, Regina Sutton, M.D., Gilbert, Arizona. Dr. Sutton, will study the effects of Bioadaptives nutraceuticals in the management of chronic symptoms associated with COVID 19 infections. On February 28 2023, the Board of Directors exercised its authority under the Delaware General Corporation Law to increase the Company s authorized common stock from 750,000,000 to 1,250,000,000; this holders of a majority of the Company s shares consented to the increase. 4 Table of Contents The Company s Business Overview BioAdaptives core business is to investigate, market and distribute natural plant- and algal-based products and medical devices that improve health and wellness for humans and animals, with an emphasis on pain relief, anti-viral function, and anti-aging properties. Effective November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a marketing agreement for an FDA-cleared Class II medical device, the Lung Flute . The Company is also exploring agreements with other medical device manufacturers; the owners of intellectual property relating to medical devices and processes; and marketing companies associated with these manufacturers and owners. The Company s current products include dietary supplements using natural ingredients and proprietary methods of optimizing the availability of nutrients in foods and beverages. The human products are designed to aid memory, cognition and focus; assist in sleep and fatigue reduction; provide pain relief and healing; and improve overall emotional and physical wellness. The science behind our human products has proven to be effective for performance enhancement and pain relief for horses and dogs as well as providing improvements in appearance. Our current product line for humans includes PluriPain , PrimiLungs ,SleepEZ , MindNMemory , Cell Rejuven and ProteinNMore . We also market the Lung Flute and PrimiLungs product in our Lung Armor packaging, emphasizing the anti-viral properties of the nutraceutical and general respiratory health benefits from use of the device. Pluripain is a fast acting long lasting all natural pain relief formulation. MindnMemory is a nootropic formulation that enhances memory, focus, mental clarity and endurance; PrimiSleep is a natural soporific that aids relaxation and sleep quality. Cell Rejuven increases Energy and Mobility and resistance to stress, activates primitive cells, improves wound healing and promotes hair and nail growth. ProteinNMore aids in Rapidly building lean bulk muscle, promotes muscle contractility and strength as well as helps in improving blood flow. We acquired the licenses for these products during 2021 and 2022, and have commenced marketing activities for these products. Our animal products include Canine All-in-One and Equine All-in-One products for dogs and horses. These formulations evolved from Canine Regen and Equine Regen to trainers, horse owners and boarding stables. Anecdotal and testimonial reports are that the equine products provide significant relief from exercise induced pulmonary hemorrhaging, as well as improved coat and mane appearance and hoof health. Effective February 2, 2022, the Company acquired the exclusive option to purchase U.S. Patent No. 9,783,432B (the Patent ), covering technology used in enhancing the capability of water to hold significantly larger amounts of oxygen. The Agreement also allows the Company a two-year license to use the technology covered by the Patent, including for further development of oxygenated water products for consumers. The Agreement was more fully discussed in the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2022. As a result The Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, MORO2, Inc. to study the feasibility of this technology. While we continue to investigate and acquire nutraceutical products for humans and animals, all of our current activities are reliant on marketing and distributing products developed and owned by others. We do not own the formulations for our key products and manufacture and market them under an agreement with the developer that requires payment of a royalty and license agreement We are reliant on direct and indirect sales of the line of human products and the All-in-One animal products for revenues, along with Lung Armor , none of which has produced any significant revenue yet. We have very limited experience in marketing and have yet to develop reliable sales expectations and forecasting. Market and Marketing We market our science-based, quality nutraceuticals to a broad base of the population in the U.S., and are exploring marketing prospects in Asia, Australasia, the Middle East, and Europe. The Company s current target markets also include equine and canine companion animals and equine competitors in the U.S., Australasia and the Middle East. During 2022, we undertook direct mailing, use of social media, trade advertising and existing connections to create awareness about our human and animal products benefits. We are developing affiliate marketing opportunities and recognize that a broader campaign using direct mail, and traditional advertising along with social media and more contemporary marketing tools is necessary. 5 Table of Contents We are pursuing scientific surveys and other testing to demonstrate the usefulness of our products. While we do not anticipate developing testing protocols suitable for FDA approvals, we expect anecdotal and testimonial reports that will be useful in our marketing efforts. The Company is currently continuing participating in a survey involving the use of PluriPain by patients suffering from Gadolinium Deposition Disease GDD ). The survey, conducted by a research team resident at Stanford University, is on-going and the early results are promising, with 60 of a small subject population reporting significant relief. We have undertaken preliminary steps toward developing a survey/research protocol for use of the Lung Flute by long-term tobacco smokers and persons regularly exposed to second-hand tobacco smoke. We expect to continue these explorations in 2Q, 2023. Our products have not changed, except for refinements and improvements, and we will continue to emphasize the unique qualities, use and function of our nutraceuticals. We intend to create market share in our target demographic by (i) emphasizing the benefits of our proprietary algal-based, all-natural, stimulant-free, non-GMO ingredients that combine with proven Traditional Chinese Medicine and Ayurvedic botanicals into science-based formulations, (ii) investigating additional products in response to market demand and testing, and (iii) utilizing our marketing operation to act as its sales and distribution arm to seek additional channels for sales coverage. As noted above, we entered into licensing agreements for the MindnMemory product during 2022. While the product is all-natural botanical formulations, as our other nutraceutical products, they represent a departure from our existing product lines because they are targeted to specific markets: MindnMemory is a nootropic, intended to improve memory, enhances focus, mental clarity. endurance and mental acuity; our initial marketing efforts are oriented toward e-gamers and seniors. The Lung Flute , especially when used with PrimiLungs , shows promise. The device is an FDA-cleared Class II medical device that employs user-generated acoustic waves to loosen lung secretions for expulsion. In short, the device helps users clear their lungs. In conjunction with the anti-viral function of PrimiLungs , the Lung Defense package presents great opportunities in view of current fears of an endemic viral environment. Samples of this device were shipped to Poland for consideration for hospital use. In addition, we are investigating the use of a formulation of PluriPain targeted toward the symptoms of pre-menstrual syndrome and menstrual pain. Anecdotal and testimonial reports have long noted that users obtain relief from these symptoms with use of the PluriPain product, and we have made adjustments and additions to the formulation to target these symptoms. Early reports regarding PluriPain-PMS are promising, and we expect marketing efforts to emphasize the usefulness of the new products. With regard to animal products, in 2020, the Company formed the Livestock Impact Division, which entered into a business relationship with Livestock Impact, Inc. We also entered into a Marketing and Licensing Agreement with the owners of these products providing us with exclusive rights to market these products. The President of the Division is Bruce Colclasure, a National Cutting Horse Association champion who owns and operates the Flying C Bar Ranch, and is the breeder and trainer of over 80 NCHA champion cutting horses. Mr. Colclasure uses and endorses our Equine All-in-One , Equine All-in One Plus and Equine All-in-One Extreme products and provides valuable feedback and testimonials regarding its function. In addition, a high-performance formulation of our All-in-One product has been and is used by quarter horse trainers at facilities in Oklahoma and New Mexico, with excellent results. We expect to use these results in our marketing efforts in 2023 and to expand our outreach program. In 2022 we continued a marketing affiliate outreach program, directly contacting the principals of horse clubs and associations, offering discounts, samples and other inducements, seeking to develop product champion and maven relationships. We have contacted principals in organizations with thousands of members and many more thousands of horses. We have distributed samples and marketing materials to over 40 principals and influencers in regional and breed-specific equine associations and received good feedback from these marketing initiatives. quarter. Our expectation is that the use of the samples by these principals will demonstrate improvements in appearance and performance and that they will, in turn, recommend the product to their members. We delayed contracting for print and on-line ads with certain of these organizations, as well as traditional magazine and other print placements, pending further results of our sample program, which we expected to learn in 1Q and 2Q 2023. We have, effective March 3, 2022, arranged for a print ad campaign, which in two publications during Summer 2022. We intend to follow this with a direct mailing campaign in 2023. The Company believes that the population growth in the seasoned and geriatric demographic cohort presents a unique opportunity. The World Health Organization has stated that the 60 years and over population segment will more than double from 11 to over 22 between 2000 and 2050, with the absolute number of people aged 60 and over expected to increase to 2 billion within the same period. The Company also recognizes the rising buying power and interests of the Millennials in wellness products and their choice of communication medium being social media and internet. It intends to establish a major focus to capture the anticipated growth in this sector. We believe that our social media promotion program will eventually gain traction and generate revenues, and are actively seeking a workable, efficient formula to grow consumer engagement and product sales. 6 Table of Contents The Company believes that international sales represent a significant future growth opportunity as aging population growth outside North America exceeds 1 billion people. The Company plans to aggressively pursue international sales by adding salespeople to its marketing effort, including use of social media, developing a network in high-growth APAC regions, and continuing its efforts to register products and trademarks in attractive foreign markets. Manufacturing All of the Company s nutraceutical products are considered dietary supplements or natural foods, and we carefully avoid making health, drug or disease cure claims that could trigger regulatory compliance issues and affect our ability to market BioAdaptives products. Our active ingredients are all plant- or algal-based and sourced worldwide from reputable suppliers who employ stringent compliance and sustainable agriculture practices or operate NSF-certified (or equivalent) facilities. BioAdaptives actively investigates new products, techniques and novel applications of existing products or technology in our research. The Company s research work has centered on investigations of all-natural supplement formulations that activate primitive cells, including stem cells and their derivatives, and natural ingredients that encourage stem cell proliferation. In 2022, the Company started a line of products utilizing both Algae and mushrooms. With regard to medical devices, we purchase the LungFlute from a company affiliated with the patent holder. We do not expect to develop any direct capability to manufacture medical devices for numerous reasons, including a lack of capital and the fact that amortized cost of such facilities, if we were to construct or acquire them, is generally far higher compared to the cost of purchase of a finished product. As noted above, it is our intention to operate primarily as a marketing company, developing consumer markets for nutraceutical products and medical devices that we license or market for others. Employees In 2022, The Company has 3 full-time non-executive employees and 4 part-time employees. We retain hourly labor on an as-needed basis and professional consultants to operate our business. The management of the Company expects to continue use of outside consultants, attorneys, and accountants, as necessary, so long as it is seeking and evaluating business opportunities. The need for additional employees, and their availability, will be addressed in connection with the decision whether or not to acquire or participate in specific business opportunities. Item 1A - Risk Factors We have a limited operating history with our current business. The Company was incorporated in 2013 and was unsuccessful at previous business plans. The Company has been engaged in the health and wellness industry since the FHI and BioSwan acquisitions in 2013. We have the benefit of their experience in developing and marketing nutraceutical products but understand that neither of them had significant success exploiting the products and technology we purchased. Future operations are subject to all the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in establishing new businesses. The Company believes that it will become commercially viable, generate significant revenues, and operate at a profit in future periods but there are no assurances that we will meet these expectations. The Company has no cash flows to support operations and relies on external sources to maintain the corporate entity. Our revenues from product sales have not been sufficient to cover our operating expenses, including the expenses associated with our status as a public company, or our research and marketing expenses. We have been reliant on outside financing sources, some of which are dependent on our status as a public company. All of these external sources are subject to general economic and market risks as well as regulatory factors that make future financing uncertain. 7 Table of Contents The Company will require additional financing to become commercially viable. The Company s continued existence is dependent on its ability to implement its business plan, generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support its daily operations, and provide sufficient resources to retire existing liabilities and obligations on a timely basis. The Company faces considerable risks in its business plan and a potential shortfall of funding due to uncertainty in our ability to raise adequate capital in the equity securities market. During the period ended December 31, 2022, our revenues did not cover our expenses so that we were reliant on outside funding to continue operations. Our products are very good and for a variety of reasons, including because we outsource our manufacturing, we are sufficiently nimble to increase production and sales if and when demand requires. However, our marketing and exposure suffers from lack of an advertising budget, which we have not yet been able to procure. In the event that working capital sufficient to maintain the corporate entity and implement our business plan is not available, the Company s existing stockholder have expressed their intention to maintain the corporate status of the Company and provide all necessary working capital on the Company s behalf. However, no formal commitments or arrangements to advance or loan funds to the Company or repay any such advances or loans exist. There is no legal obligation for either management or existing controlling stockholders to provide additional future funding. Further, the Company is subject to future economic trends and the business operations for the Company s existing controlling stockholders in order to have the resources available to support the Company. The Company anticipates offering future sales of equity securities. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional funding through the sales of additional equity securities or, that such funding, if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to or affordable by the Company. To date, a significant portion of our cash needs have been met through issuance of convertible debt securities. The notes generally carry Original Issue Discounts, provide for cash repayments during the first six (6) months after issuance (with a pre-payment penalty), and allow the holder to demand repayment by issuance of shares of common stock at a discount to market price. In function, these convertible notes act as private placements of our securities, with a variable subscription price based on market performance. On those terms, as subscription rather than debt, the rates and conversion amounts have so far been reasonable to us. Moreover, our agreements with these lenders contain representations that 1) there was no public solicitation for the notes, 2) that the note holders are accredited investors within the meaning of SEC Regulation D, and 3) that the holders will limit their conversions in a manner to assure they never hold more than 4.99 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares. We have no assurances that we will be able to continue to borrow funds from these lenders and have been working to develop alternative financing means through more traditional methods. Effective March 27, 2023, the Company s Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and 1,250,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company has established a Series A and Series B preferred stock with enhanced voting and conversion privileges for use in settling recorded debt and effecting acquisition of new products and technology. The Company s ability to issue preferred stock may limit the Company s ability to obtain debt or equity financing as well as impede the implementation of the Company s business plan. The Company s ability to issue these authorized but unissued securities may also negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of our debt or equity securities. In such a restricted cash flow scenario, the Company would be unable to complete steps in its business plan and would, instead, delay all cash intensive activities. Without necessary cash flow, the Company may become dormant during the next twelve months, or until such time as necessary funds could be raised in the equity securities market. The Company believes that its expectations as to its ability to secure additional capital are reasonable but there is no guarantee that the Company will receive sufficient funding to sustain operations or implement any future business plan steps. The Company filed a Form 1-A on March 4, 2022; this Reg A+ registration statement has not been declared effective. The Company seeks to raise up to 1,000,000 by the sale of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock. This was amended on October 7, 2022, to 250,000,000 shares of common stock at the price of 0.001. However, we have no assurances that we will be able to successfully raise the maximum amount sought. COVID-19 Pandemic Responses. A novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was first identified in December 2019, and subsequently declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. deadlines to postpone our quarterly filings during this period. In April 2020, the Company announced the launch of PrimiLungs , an enhanced formulation of nutraceuticals promoting overall health and wellness through support of pulmonary immune systems. PrimiLungs is currently packaged with Lung Cleanser (aka Lung Flute) in an Immune Wellness Health Defense Package- Lung Armor . We believe the business environment will continue to be conducive to products such as these during 2023 and beyond but can provide no assurances that our funding or other marketing initiatives will be any more successful. 8 Table of Contents The Company s current business can be capital intensive. The Company acknowledges that its Plan of Operations may not result in the consistent generation of positive working capital in the near future. We are in a consumer-driven market space that requires our development and marketing of attractive products, which is expensive. Although management believes that it will be able to successfully execute its business plan, which includes third party financing and the raising of capital to meet the Company s future liquidity needs, there can be no assurances. We anticipate continuous expenditures, some of which may be significant, to conduct research and development activities relating to existing and new products and marketing. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We currently rely on certain key individuals, and the loss of one of these key individuals could have an adverse effect on the Company. Our success depends to a certain degree upon certain key members of our management. These individuals are a significant factor in our growth and success. The loss of the services of such members of management could have a material adverse effect on our Company. We presently maintain no key-man insurance coverage on any of our officers. The Company s success will be dependent in part upon its ability to attract qualified personnel and consultants. The Company s success will be dependent in part upon its ability to attract qualified creative marketing, sales and development professionals. The inability to do so on favorable terms may harm the Company s proposed business. The Company must effectively meet the challenges of managing expanding operations. The Company s business plan anticipates that operations will undergo significant expansion during 2023 and beyond. This expansion will require the Company to manage a larger and more complex organization, which could place a significant strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. Management may not succeed with these efforts. Failure to expand in an efficient manner could cause expenses to be greater than anticipated, revenues to grow more slowly than expected and could otherwise have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business could be affected by changes in governmental regulation. Federal, State and Local laws and regulations governing food products and nutritional supplements are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance. In addition, violations of these laws, actual or alleged, could disrupt the Company s planned business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that additional or revised Federal, State and Local laws and regulations may be enacted in the future governing the mining industry. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to comply with any such laws and regulations and its failure to do so could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business will be subject to other, uninsured operating risks which may adversely affect the Company s financial condition. Our planned operations will be subject to risks normally incidental to our business activities and will be dependent on internal and third-party production and distribution operations that could result in work stoppages, damage to property or unavailable product for resale. This may be caused by: Breakdown of equipment. Labor disputes. Imposition of new government regulations. Supply chain failures. Product contamination. Unanticipated allergic or other reactions. Sabotage by operational personnel. Cost overruns; and Fire, flood, or other acts of God. 9 Table of Contents We market products that are ingested by our customers and run additional risks incumbent to sales of this manner of consumer good. Our existing insurance coverage would almost certainly be inadequate to deal with any manner of mass tort claim and the ability of our suppliers to indemnify us is uncertain. Additionally, our contract suppliers are reliant on source materials that are imported from China and other countries, so that we are subject to risks associated with interruptions or pricing increases due to political and other reasons. We will likely face significant competition. The nutraceutical industry is highly competitive, with numerous companies offering products that claim similar properties to ours. Some of these competitors are better capitalized, with the financial ability to effectively manage product development and marketing at levels we have not yet attained. While we believe our whole plant- and algal-mushroom based products have unique benefits that should lead to commercial success, BioAdaptive s ability to effectively compete could be hindered by a lack of funds, poor positioning, management error, and other factors. The inability to effectively compete could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. RISKS RELATED TO OUR PUBLIC COMPANY STATUS AND OUR COMMON STOCK Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees. During the course of our testing, we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to timely remediate. In addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes Oxley ). Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. The costs of being a public company could result in us being unable to continue as a going concern. As a public company, we are required to comply with numerous financial reporting and legal requirements, including those pertaining to audits and internal control. The costs of this compliance could be significant. If our revenues do not increase and/or we cannot satisfy many of these costs through the issuance of our shares, we may be unable to satisfy these costs in the normal course of business that would result in our being unable to continue as a going concern. 10 Table of Contents Management and the Board of Directors may be Indemnified. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of BioAdaptives provide for indemnification of directors and officers at the expense of the respective corporation and limit their liability. This may result in a major cost to the corporation and hurt the interests of stockholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of directors and officers. The Company has been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under Federal Securities Laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. The market for the BioAdaptives Shares is extremely limited and sporadic. BioAdaptives common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets; trading is limited and sporadic. Trading in stock quoted on the Pink Sheets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress or exaggerate the market price of BioAdaptives common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the trading of securities in the Pink Sheets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ, or a stock exchange like the New York Stock Exchange. These factors may impact on our ability to obtain financing in the future and will certainly have an impact on the value of our common stock for shareholders. BioAdaptives common stock is a penny stock, which is restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations and FINRA s sales practice requirements, which may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock. BioAdaptives common stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our common stock is covered by these rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in, and limit the marketability of, BioAdaptives common stock. In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, FINRA (the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority) has adopted rules that require when recommending an investment to a customer a broker- dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low -priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA s requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy BioAdaptives common stock, which may limit investor ability to buy and sell our common stock. The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact BioAdaptives common stock. Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to a promoter or issuer. manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases. boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by salespersons. excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 11 Table of Contents BioAdaptives Board of Directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to adversely affect common stockholder voting power and rights upon liquidation. Our Certificate of Incorporation allows us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock the rights to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. We have done so recently, by establishing the Series A Preferred Stock. We established the Series A Preferred Stock in 2020 and have recently established the Series B Preferred Stock; these preferred shares provide enhanced voting and conversion privileges to holders. These privileges may impact the rights and privileges of common stockholders in certain circumstances. Breath of Life s provision of a proxy to our Board of Directors permits us significant control over our business and may limit or eliminate minority stockholders ability to influence corporate affairs. As a result of FHI s grant of shares to Breath of Life and the latter s provision of voting privileges to our Board of Directors, our directors not only control BioAdaptives business affairs, management and governance but also determine their own election and appointment. This arrangement places an extraordinary burden on the directors to adhere to their fiduciary responsibilities and practically limits the ability of minority shareholders to impact their decisions except through dissent or derivative litigation that may be expensive, impractical or both. The interests of our directors may differ from the interests of other stockholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of other officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority stockholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our directors except through persuasion and litigation. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our principal stockholders may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs that result in losses and/or may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company has never paid cash dividends on its common stock and does not expect to pay a cash dividend on its common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends depends upon future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that the Company s board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock, return on investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of the common stock. Future sales of shares of BioAdaptives common stock pursuant to Reg. A+ and Rule 144 under the Securities Act could adversely affect the market price of BIOADAPTIVES s common stock. As of March 24, 2023, the Company has 355,632,566 outstanding shares of its common stock, all of which were issued pursuant to registration statements and/or exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and applicable State Securities Laws. As of the date of this filing, 337,279,094 are on deposit with CEDE Co. and are publicly trading or tradeable, and nearly all of the balance is held by purchasers or service providers who obtained shares more than one year ago. All of these aged issued and outstanding shares are all now available for public sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act and comparable exemptions under applicable state securities laws. The potential of such sales could adversely affect the market price of BioAdaptives common stock. The impact of these sales on the market cannot be reasonably estimated but absent significant positive news regarding our activities shareholders should expect an adverse impact on market price. Conversions of Series A or B Preferred Stock to common stock and resales could adversely affect the market price of BIOADAPTIVES common stock. Preferred stock ownership provides additional voting rights that may affect management. The Company has 2,850,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of its Series B Preferred Stock as of the date of this filing. These shares have enhanced voting and conversion privileges so that the owners can either convert to common shares, which could impact market price, or hold and vote the shares under circumstances set out in the Certificate of Designation, allowing them an increased authority over certain corporate functions. 12 Table of Contents Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protection against interested-director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, national securities exchanges and the NASDAQ Stock Market as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the NASDAQ Stock Market. Because we are not currently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with voluntary compliance, we have not yet adopted these measures. We do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, directors have the ability, among other things, to determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested- director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations as a result thereof. We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley. The enactment of Sarbanes-Oxley has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 2 - Properties The Company currently maintains a physical address at 2620 Regatta Dr, Suite 102, Las Vegas, NV 89128. The Company does not currently maintain any other office facilities and does not anticipate the need to maintain office facilities at any time in the foreseeable future. Item 3 - Legal Proceedings The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceedings, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated. Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 13 Table of Contents PART II Item 5 - Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market for Trading and Eligibility for Future Sale Our common stock started trading on June 10, 2014. Our current trading symbol is BDPT . Currently there is only a limited, sporadic, and volatile market for our stock. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported on www.nasdaq.com for the periods indicated. These prices represent prices between inter-dealer prices, do not include retail markups, markdowns, or commissions, and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 High Low Quarter ended December 31, 2022 .001 .001 Quarter ended September 30, 2022 .003 .003 Quarter ended June 30, 2022 .005 .004 Quarter ended March 31, 2022 .007 .005 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 .011 .010 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 .18 .02 The closing price of our common stock on March 24, 2022, was 0.0007 as reported by the OTCQB Bulletin Board. Holders of Record As of March 24, 2023, we had 355,632,566 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 13,633 stockholders of record, exclusive of shares held in street name. We had 2,850,000 shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. Transfer Agent Our stock transfer agent is Madison Stock Transfer LLC. Their address is 2500 Coney Island Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11223. Madison is registered by the Securities and Exchange Commission as a transfer agent and is wholly independent of us, with no common ownership or management. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to 1,250,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue additional shares of common stock not to exceed the amount authorized by the Articles of Incorporation, on such terms and conditions and for such consideration as the Board may deem appropriate without further stockholder action. In the event of our liquidation or dissolution, all shares of our common stock are entitled to share equally in our assets available for distribution to stockholders. However, the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that our Board of Directors may decide to issue in the future. Preferred Stock Effective January 26, 2022, the Company is authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. 14 Table of Contents As of March 24, 2023, the Company has authorized 4,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, of which 2,850,000 shares are issued and outstanding, and has authorized 5,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, of which there are no shares issued or outstanding. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid cash dividends. We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our directors. Share Purchase Warrants We have not issued and do not have outstanding any warrants to purchase shares of our stock. Options We have not issued and do not have outstanding any options to purchase shares of our stock. Convertible Securities The Company entered into a series of convertible note transactions in 2022and 2023 with PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd., a New York-based lender and 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING, LLC. During 2022 and early 2023, these notes were paid by issuance of shares to PowerUp and Diagonal Lending as follows: Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. 1/20/22 2,299,419 3/02/22 2,620,690 3/24/22 2,620,690 4/01/22 2,909,091 4/07/22 2,906,250 4/11/22 3,201,563 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC 6/21/22 3,360,000 6/23/22 3,360,000 6/27/22 3,360,000 7/06/22 3,850,000 7/12/22 3,850,000 7/14/22 3,850,000 7/18/22 3,722,222 7/21/22 1,718,750 8/3/22 4,687,500 8/10/22 4,687,500 8/15/22 4,687,500 8/17/22 4,666,667 8/18/22 4,642,857 8/22/22 4,692,308 8/23/22 4,692,308 8/24/22 5,730,769 10/18/22 6,600,000 10/31/22 6,582,278 11/1/22 7,215,190 11/4/22 7,164,179 11/8/22 7,164,179 11/11/22 7,283,582 11/14/22 7,283,582 11/15/22 4,537,313 11/16/22 7,283,582 11/17/22 7,283,582 11/21/22 7,283,582 11/28/22 10,298,508 11/29/22 10,327,869 12/7/22 11,311,475 12/8/22 12,000,000 15 Table of Contents A total of 201,734,958 shares of common stock were issued under these agreements during the period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022;. On August 31, 2022, we issued a convertible note to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC in the amount of 38,750.00, on these same terms. On November 21, 2022, we issued another convertible note to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC in the amount of 38,750.00, on these same terms Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Since May 31, 2021, we adopted an equity compensation plan that permitted the Company to pay its executives with Restricted Stock Units and also provided for a discretionary pool of share to be awarded to employees, consultants and others. We previously paid our officers and directors by direct issuance of restricted shares. Although the issuance of RSUs impacts our financial statement as an expense item, we have not yet issued any shares under this Plan, and the Company has not made any award of restricted shares. The Company will be liable for some amount of additional income tax due to the release of debt related to these waivers but expect that our loss carry-forward amounts from previous tax years will more than cover any additional amounts due. Recent Sales or Issues of Unregistered Securities We did not sell any unregistered securities during the period from January 1, 2022 to and including December 31, 2022. We issued201,734,958 shares to PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd. and 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC to satisfy convertible notes, as reflected above. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases Neither we nor any affiliated purchaser , as that term is defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, repurchased any of our common stock or other securities during the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Item 6 - Selected Financial Data Not applicable Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (1) Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information Certain statements contained in this annual filing, including, without limitation, statements containing the words believes , anticipates , expects and words of similar import, constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following: international, national and local general economic and market conditions: demographic changes; the ability of the Company to sustain, manage or forecast its growth; the ability of the Company to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and other factors referenced in this and previous filings. Given these uncertainties, readers of this Form 10-K and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. (2) General The Company s History BioAdaptives, Inc., BioAdaptives, the Company, we or us was incorporated in the State of Delaware on April 19, 2013, as APEX 8 Inc. From inception through October 21, 2013, the Company was in the developmental stage and conducted virtually no business operations, other than organizational activities and preparation of a registration statement on Form 10-12g (the Registration Statement ), which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2013. On June 11, 2013, the SEC staff informed the Company that it had no further comments. 16 Table of Contents On January 10, 2014, the SEC notified the Company that the registration statement was effective and on July 9, 2014, the Company s shares commenced trading in the Over-the-Counter market under the trading symbol BDPT. On March 31, 2017, the Company filed a Form 15-15D with the SEC, terminating its status as an SEC-reporting company; it was current in its Continuous Disclosure obligations at that time. The Company continued to provide financial and other reports to shareholders and the public by means of the Alternative Reporting System operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Its shares continued to trade in the OTC market and it also continued to execute its business plan. On May 10, 2019, the Company filed a Form 10-12g with the SEC, re-entering the Continuous Disclosure program and registering its common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On August 1, 2019, the SEC staff informed the Company that it had no further comments on this filing. On September 11, 2019, the Company appointed Robert Ellis as President and Ron Lambrecht as Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Jacobs remained as Chief Executive Officer. On February 6, 2020, the Board of Directors exercised its authority under the Delaware General Corporations Law to establish its Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A has enhanced voting and conversion privileges and can be used by the Company to settle recorded debt or exchange for new product rights or techniques. On this same day, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company s authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000; holders of a majority of the Company s common shares consented to the increase. Effective May 31, 2021, Dr. Jacobs appointed Robert Ellis and Charles Townsend as directors of the Company and to serve as President and Chief Operating Officer respectively. Dr. Jacobs also appointed Ronald Lambrecht as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Effective December 31, 2021, Mr. Lambrecht resigned. On January 26, 2022, the Board of Directors exercised its authority under the Delaware General Corporations Law to establish its Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B has enhanced voting and conversion privileges and can be used by the Company to acquire ownership of intellectual property rights and other assets. On this same day, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company s authorized common stock from 200,000,000 to 750,000,000; this holders of a majority of the Company s common shares consented to the increase. Effective February 2, 2022, the Company acquired the exclusive option to purchase U.S. Patent No. 9,783,432B (the Patent ), covering technology used in enhancing the capability of water to hold significantly larger amounts of oxygen. On March 18, 2022, the Company filed a Form 1-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a plan to sell up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock for prices between .005 and .01 per share. This was amended on October 7, 2022, to 250,000,000 shares of common stock at the price of 0.001. June 2, 2022. BioAdaptives, sponsored a COVID Long Haul Survey conducted by independent medical researcher, Regina Sutton, M.D., Gilbert, Arizona. Dr. Sutton will study the effects of Bioadaptives nutraceuticals in the management of chronic symptoms associated with COVID 19 infections. On February 28, 2023, the Board of Directors exercised its authority under the Delaware General Corporation Law to increase the Company s authorized common stock from 750,000,000 to 1,250,000,000; this holders of a majority of the Company s shares consented to the increase. The Company s Business Overview BioAdaptives core business is to investigate, market and distribute natural plant- and algal-based products and medical devices that improve health and wellness for humans and animals, with an emphasis on pain relief, anti-viral function, and anti-aging properties. Effective November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a marketing agreement for an FDA-cleared Class II medical device, the Lung Flute . The Company is also exploring agreements with other medical device manufacturers; the owners of intellectual property relating to medical devices and processes; and marketing companies associated with these manufacturers and owners. 17 Table of Contents The Company s current products include dietary supplements using natural ingredients and proprietary methods of optimizing the availability of nutrients in foods and beverages. The human products are designed to aid memory, cognition and focus; assist in sleep and fatigue reduction; provide pain relief and healing; and improve overall emotional and physical wellness. The science behind our human products has proven to be effective for performance enhancement and pain relief for horses and dogs as well as providing improvements in appearance. Our current product line for humans includes PluriPain , PrimiLungs ,SleepEZ , MindNMemory , Cell Rejuven and ProteinNMore . We also market the Lung Flute and PrimiLungs product in our Lung Armor packaging, emphasizing the anti-viral properties of the nutraceutical and general respiratory health benefits from use of the device. Pluripain is a fast acting long lasting all natural pain relief formulation. MindnMemory is a nootropic formulation that enhances memory, focus, mental clarity and endurance; PrimiSleep is a natural soporific that aids relaxation and sleep quality. Cell Rejuven increases Energy and Mobility and resistance to stress, activates primitive cells, improves wound healing and promotes hair and nail growth. ProteinNMore aids in Rapidly building lean bulk muscle, promotes muscle contractility and strength as well as helps in improving blood flow. We acquired the licenses for these products during 2021 and 2022, and have commence marketing activities for these products. Our animal products include Canine All-in-One and Equine All-in-One products for dogs and horses. These formulations evolved from Canine Regen and Equine Regen to trainers, horse owners and boarding stables. Anecdotal and testimonial reports are that the equine products provide significant relief from exercise induced pulmonary hemorrhaging, as well as improved coat and mane appearance and hoof health. Effective February 2, 2022, the Company acquired the exclusive option to purchase U.S. Patent No. 9,783,432B (the Patent ), covering technology used in enhancing the capability of water to hold significantly larger amounts of oxygen. The Agreement also allows the Company a two-year license to use the technology covered by the Patent, including for further development of oxygenated water products for consumers. The Agreement was more fully discussed in the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2022. As a result The Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, MORO2, Inc. to study the feasibility of this technology. While we continue to investigate and acquire nutraceutical products for humans and animals, all of our current activities are reliant on marketing and distributing products developed and owned by others. We do not own the formulations for our key products and manufacture and market them under an agreement with the developer that requires payment of a royalty and license agreement We are reliant on direct and indirect sales of the line of human products and the All-in-One animal products for revenues, along with Lung Armor , none of which has produced any significant revenue yet. We have very limited experience in marketing and have yet to develop reliable sales expectations and forecasting. (3) Results of Operations The Company has recognized revenues for years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2022, of 19,776 and 17,176, respectively. In conjunction with the Company s business plan, as discussed in Item I of this document, the Company has expended considerable effort and financial resources to the implementation of its business plan. The Company incurred operating expenses of 429,026, which required cash payments of 254,119, which was principally funded through convertible debt as disclosed in the accompanying financial statement footnotes and advances from shareholders. The balance of the operating expenses was for activities that did not require cash payments, including stock-based compensation and a discount for amortization of debt. Earnings (Loss) per share for the respective years ended December 31,2021 and December 31, 2022, were (0.03) and (0.01), respectively, based on the weighted-average shares issued and outstanding at the end of each respective period. We anticipate that future expenditure levels will remain relatively consistent until such time that the Company fully implements its current business plan, at which time the Company s expenses and working capital requirements may increase significantly. The Company does not expect to generate any meaningful revenue or incur operating expenses for purposes other than fulfilling the obligations of a reporting company under the Exchange Act unless and until such time that the Company begins meaningful operations. 18 Table of Contents (4) Plan of Business Subject to financing and various regulatory approvals, the Company intends to 1) market its existing products as described herein; 2) continue conducting research and investigation activities to identify new products or markets and improve its existing products and marketing; and 3) seek strategic or complimentary acquisitions in its current market space or, if indicated, others. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to successfully implement this business plan or that if implemented, said plan will be successful. (5) Liquidity and Capital Resources On December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, the Company had working capital of approximately (0) and (0); inclusive of all related party accounts receivable, accrued expenses and line-of-credit notes payable. It is the belief of management that our current finance partners, shareholders and the proceeds from our Reg. A+ offering will be able provide sufficient working capital necessary to support and preserve the integrity of the corporate entity. However, there is no legal obligation for either management or significant stockholders to provide additional future funding and we cannot be assured as to the success of our offering. Further, the Company is at the mercy of future economic trends and business operations. Consequently, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s need for working capital may change dramatically as a result of any future business transaction. There can be no assurance that the Company will identify or enter into any business transaction in the future. Further, there can be no assurance that the Company would be successful in consummating any acquisition on favorable terms or that it will be able to profitably manage the business, product, technology or company it acquires. The Company has no current plans, proposals, arrangements or understandings with respect to the sale or issuance of additional securities prior to the location of a potential business transaction. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available to the Company to allow it to cover the expenses related to such activities. Regardless of whether the Company s cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet the Company s operational needs, the Company might seek to compensate providers of services by issuances of stock in lieu of cash. (6) Critical Accounting Policies Our financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenue and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies impact on our financial condition and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not applicable 19 Table of Contents Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Dat BIOADAPTIVES, INC CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 TABLE OF CONTENT PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 5041) 21 Consolidated Balance Sheet 22 Consolidated Statements of Operations 23 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 24 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 25 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 26 20 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of BioAdaptives, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BioAdaptives, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018 March 31, 2023 21 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Prepaid expense Marketable securities Inventory Total Current Assets License and patent, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Derivative liabilities Current portion of convertible notes - net of discount of and Note payable - related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; Series A Preferred Stock shares designated: issued and outstanding, respectively Series B Preferred Stock shares designated; no share issued and outstanding Common stock .0001 par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, and issuable, respectively) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 22 Table of Contents 23 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of revenue Gross Profit Operating Expenses General and administrative Professional fees Stock based compensation Amortization of license and patent Total Operating Expenses Other Income (Expense) Unrealized loss on marketable securities Interest expense Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Loss on settlement of debt Total Other Expense Loss before income taxes Net Loss Net Loss Per Common Share: Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: Basic The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 24 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Additional Series A Preferred stock Series B Preferred stock Common stock paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount capital Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2020 - - Series A preferred stock issued for settlement of debt - related party - - Series A preferred stock issued for license fee - - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - Common stock issued for service - - Cancellation of common stock - officers Debts forgiveness - related party - - - Net loss for the period - - - Balance, December 31, 2021 - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - Debts forgiveness - related party - - - Warrant issued for Patent s acquisition - - - Net loss for the period - - - Balance, December 31, 2022 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 25 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Amortization of license and patent Amortization of debt discount Loss on settlement of debt Unrealized loss on investments in marketable securities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory Prepaid expense and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related party Net Cash Used in Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceed from related party Repayment to related party Repayment of notes payable - related party Proceeds from convertible notes Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Derivative liability recognized as debt discount Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt Issuance Series A preferred stock for license fee Issuance Series A preferred stock for settlement of debt - related party Debts forgiveness - related party Warrant issued for Patent s acquisition Cancellation of common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 26 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 27 Table of Contents Use of estimates Cash and cash equivalents and cash equivalents, respectively. Investment Securities Earnings (loss) per share 28 Table of Contents Convertible notes Total Revenue recognition Inventory Stock-based compensation Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 29 Table of Contents Liabilities Derivative liabilities Liabilities Derivative liabilities Derivative Financial Instruments Derivative Financial Instruments 30 Table of Contents Income taxes Recent Accounting Pronouncements as of December 31, 2022. The Company requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. Obtaining additional financing, successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and the transition, ultimately, to profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. In order to mitigate the risk related with this uncertainty, the Company plans to issue additional shares of common stock for cash and services during the next 12 months. 31 Table of Contents shares of common stock of Hemp, Inc. (HEMP.PK) recorded at fair value of and , respectively. Accrued salary Accrued interest Accrued liabilities Convertible Notes - originated in June 2018 Convertible Notes - originated in October 2018 Convertible Notes - issued fiscal year 2021 Convertible Notes - issued fiscal year 2022 Total convertible notes payable Less: Unamortized debt discount Total convertible notes Less: current portion of convertible notes Long-term convertible notes For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the interest expense on convertible notes was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the accrued interest was and , respectively. The Company recognized amortization expense related to the debt discount of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which is included in interest expense in the statements of operation. The Company recognized amortization expense related to the debt discount of 239,186 and 216,931 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which is included in interest expense in the statements of operation. 32 Table of Contents and accrued interest of into shares of common stock. The corresponding derivative liability at the date of conversion of was credited to additional paid in capital. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted notes with principal amounts of and accrued interest of into shares of common stock. The corresponding derivative liability at the date of conversion of was credited to additional paid in capital. Convertible Notes Issued during the year ended December 31, 2018 During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued a total principal amount of in convertible notes for cash proceeds of . The convertible notes were also provided with a total of common shares valued at . The terms of these convertible notes are summarized as follows: Term two years; Annual interest rates ; . Convertible Notes - Issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total principal amount of in convertible note for cash proceeds of . The terms of convertible note are summarized as follows: Term one year; Annual interest rates ; . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted principal of and accrued interest of into shares of common stock. Convertible Notes - Issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total principal amount of in convertible notes for cash proceeds of . The terms of convertible notes are summarized as follows: Term one year; Annual interest rates ; . 33 Table of Contents , and of the value assigned to the derivative liability was recognized as a debt discount to the notes while the balance of was recognized as a day 1 derivative loss. The Company valued the conversion feature using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The fair value of the derivative liability for all the notes that became convertible, including the notes issued in prior years, during the year ended December 31, 2021, amounted to , and of the value assigned to the derivative liability was recognized as a debt discount to the notes while the balance of was recognized as a day 1 derivative loss. - years - years Expected average volatility - - Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate - - 34 Table of Contents Addition of new derivatives recognized as debt discounts Addition of new derivatives recognized as loss on derivatives Settled on issuance of common stock (Gain) loss on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - December 31, 2021 Addition of new derivatives recognized as debt discounts Addition of new derivatives recognized as loss on derivatives Settled on issuance of common stock (Gain) loss on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - December 31, 2022 The aggregate (gain) loss on derivatives during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was as follows. (Gain) loss on change in fair value of the derivative liabilities shares to shares. The Company is authorized to issue shares of par value preferred stock, of which have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock and have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock. Series A Preferred Stock On February 6, 2020, the Company established its Series A Preferred Stock, par value , by filing a Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. The Company s board exercised blank check authority to establish classes of preferred stock without approval by shareholders under provision of its original Articles of Incorporation and has designated 4,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company may use the Series A Preferred Stock for purpose of asset acquisition or in satisfaction of recognized debt; they are not otherwise available for sale. The Series A Preferred Stock have enhanced voting privileges under certain circumstances; the collective right to appoint elect one director, at the Holders option; and conversion-to-common rights . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of series A preferred Stock as follows; 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock valued at for settlement of related party debt shares of Series A Preferred Stock valued at for consideration of licenses. There are shares of Series A shares issued as of the date of this filing. 35 Table of Contents shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Company may use the Series B Preferred Stock for purpose of asset acquisition or in satisfaction of recognized debt; they are not otherwise available for sale. The Series B Preferred Stock have enhanced voting privileges (100:1); the collective right to appoint elect one director, at the Holders option; and conversion-to-common rights . As of the date of this filing, no shares of Series B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. Common Stock On January 24, 2022, the holder of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting stock, approved for an increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 200,000,000 shares to shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of the Company s common stock issuable. Fiscal year 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at for conversion of debt. Fiscal year 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for conversion of debt of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at for service. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company cancelled shares of common stock related to our officer s compensation. Warrant On February 6, 2022, in conjunction with purchase of patent, the Company granted shares for period of two years with exercise price of per share. The fair value of granted shares at the issuance date was . The Company recorded warrant as additional paid-in-capital. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the estimated fair values of the warrant are as follows: years Expected average volatility Expected dividend yield - Risk-free interest rate 36 Table of Contents shares of Series A Preferred Stock valued at for settlement of notes. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on settlement of debt of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company repaid notes payable to a related party of and and recognized interest of and , respectively As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded notes payable - related party of and and accrued interest of and , respectively. The note is a interest bearing promissory note that the term is 1 year. Employee agreements Year ended December 2022 On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Restricted Stock Unit Termination Agreement for modification of employment agreements signed during 2021 with Dr. Edward E. Jacobs, M.D, Charles Townsend and Robert Ellis. The employees agreed to waive all rights under previously issued RSUs as of January 1, 2022, in exchange for one -time issuance shares of restricted common stock. In addition, the Employment Agreement was modified to provide for compensation in the form of a number of Warrants, equivalent to twice (2X) the number of shares previously payable in RSUs and the exercise price of the Warrant shall be the OTC Market price of the Company s common shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued salary of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company owes salary of . Year ended December 2021 Effective May 31, 2021, the Company entered into an Employment Contract with Charles Townsend to serve as its Chief Operating Officer. The Contract provides for a -month term and for payment of an annual salary of , payable in Restricted Stock Units calculated based on the closing market price of the Company s shares as of the effective date. Mr. Townsend was also appointed as a director. Effective May 31, 2021, the Company entered into an Employment Contract with Robert Ellis, to continue his service as the Company s President. The Contract provides for a -month term and for payment of an annual salary of , payable in Restricted Stock Units calculated based on the closing market price of the Company s shares each quarter. Mr. Ellis was also appointed as a director. Effective May 31, 2021, the Company entered into an Employment Contract with Ronald Lambrecht, to continue his service as its Chief Financial Officer. The Contract provides for a -month term and for payment of an annual salary of , payable in Restricted Stock Units calculated based on the closing market price of the Company s shares each quarter. On December 31, 2021, the Company signed a separation agreement and general release and waiver with Ronald Lambrecht which both parties agreed to terminate the Employment Agreement effective on December 31, 2021. Ronald Lambrecht confirmed by receiving at the time, he shall be entitled to no further compensation from the Company and also Ronald Lambrecht agreed to surrender all of his Restricted Stock Units under the Company s Incentive Plan. The Company recognized accrued salary payable of as additional paid -in- capital. 37 Table of Contents and was forgiven . As of December 31, 2021, the Company owes salary of . Debt forgiveness During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized accrued salary payable to Robert Ellis related to year 2020 as additional paid-in -capital, based on released agreement in year 2020 due to COVID-19-based financial and other considerations. to the net loss before provision for income taxes for the following reasons: Valuation allowance Income tax expense per books The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Income Tax laws of United States of America, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. When a change in ownership occurs, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. . On March 23, 2023, the Company signed a Letter of Intent with Dr.David Allen, World Wellness, Inc for the Launching of a Weight Management System Including an AI Supported Body Composition Measuring App and New Health Products. 38 Table of Contents PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The following information sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our current directors and executive officers as of December 31, 2022. Name Age Principal Positions Edward E. Jacobs, Jr MD 81 Director Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Ellis 80 President and Chief Financial Officer Charles Townsend 76 Chief Operating Officer Biographical Information for Edward E. Jacobs, Jr MD Edward E. Jacobs, Jr, Age 81. Director and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Edward E. Jacobs, Jr., a graduate of Princeton University and Harvard Medical school, is a biotechnology consultant with over 25 years experience in biopharmaceutical and medical device development, as well as, 35 years of teaching and direct patient care. Dr. Jacobs has participated in drug development process from discovery through animal and human studies, including regulatory support for FDA and international regulatory affairs, strategic planning, and investor relations. Dr. Jacobs has extensive clinical operations experience, having conducted, as chief clinical investigator, more than 15 human trials in the US, Europe, Eastern Europe, and the Republic of South Africa. He has also served as a medical monitor and liaison for clinical investigators involved with international trials with responsibility for regulatory compliance. After completing surgical training at Harvard and research positions at the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Bethesda, Maryland, and at Saint Thomas Hospital Medical School, London, Dr. Jacobs was a member of the Harvard Medical School staff, combining teaching with clinical practice and research. He has also served on the Scientific Advisory Board of the Armenise-Harvard Foundation and the Publications Committee for the New England Journal of Medicine Scientifically, Dr. Jacobs has made original observations in the field of tissue oxygenation therapy and water modification. His current focus is on natural products for animal and human use, anti-ageing strategies, and primitive cell biology. He is an author of more than 40 scientific publications and is the holder of four patents. Biographical Information for Robert W. Ellis Robert W Ellis, Age 80, President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Ellis brings more than forty years of business management experience to the Company. He has worked extensively in senior positions across a variety of industry disciplines, including aerospace, electronics, communications, and international marketing. Mr. Ellis has been an executive officer in private and public companies, both major entities, start-ups, and emerging entities. He has an Accounting Degree from the University of Illinois and is a CPA. 39 Table of Contents Biographical Information for Charles Townsend Charles Townsend, Age 76, Chief Operating Officer Mr. Townsend, 75, has a Bachelor of Arts degree in accounting from the University of Texas and a Master of Business Administration from the University of North Texas. He previously served in the U.S. Navy Submarine Force. Mr. Townsend was a cost accounting manager, comptroller, and Chief Financial Officer for several private and public companies, including NYSE and OTC companies but in the past ten years has not been an officer or director of any publicly traded company. Mr. Townsend s consulting work has emphasized enterprise marketing programs, predominantly in the telecommunications and home security industries. He most recently was employed by the US Department of Commerce as a District Census Manager for the 2020 US Census. Advisory Board The Company uses an Advisory Board to assist the officers and directors with regard to specific scientific and administrative matters. These advisors did not meet during the period ended December 31, 2020, and we did not call on them due to a lack of need. Name Age Principal Positions with Us Dr. Jun Gu M.D., Ph.D. 57 Medical Advisor Dr. Antonina Nabokova M.D. 59 Medical Advisor Dr. Jun Gu has extensive experience in laboratory toxicology work and is frequently called upon as an expert in toxicology and pharmacology. He received his medical degree (M.D.) in 1986 from the Second Military Medicine University in Shanghai, China, and a Ph.D. in pharmacology from Shanghai Medical College at Fudan University in Shanghai, China in 1993. Dr. Antonina Nabokova M.D has over 11 years experience in clinical trials and managing development of clinical operations in areas such as psychiatry, orphan indication, and urology. Dr. Nabokova currently maintains an office as the head of Representative office of SynteractHCR Deutschland GmbH, in Moscow, Russia. She holds an M.D. from Leningrad Medical University and also obtained a certificate in cardiology from Leningrad Medical University. Term of Office Our Directors are appointed for a one-year term but will hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. Family Relationships None. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive officer, or employee: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 40 Table of Contents Committees of the Board Our company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing neither similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation, or audit committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the board of directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. Our Common Stock trades on the OTC Bulletin Board, which does not impose standards relating to director independence or the makeup of committees with independent directors, or provide definitions of independence Our company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President, Robert W. Ellis, at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report. Financial Expert The Company does not currently have a designated financial expert on the Board of Directors. We believe that the cost of obtaining and retaining an independent director who can also serve as our financial expert is prohibitive at this time. Information Concerning Non-Director Executive Officers Neither Dr. Jacobs, Mr. Ellis nor Mr. Townsend are currently officers or directors of other publicly held companies. Each of them has employment contracts with the Company, under which they are compensated with Restricted Stock Units, which they each waived for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our activities were limited during this period, but we believe all three directors devote sufficient time to the Company s business and look forward to their service during the current period. Code of Ethics As of December 31, 2021, we had not adopted a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives, which would include our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Potential Conflict of Interest Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our Board of Directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, including their own, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our officers or directors. 41 Table of Contents Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Board of Directors assesses on an ongoing basis the risks faced by BioAdaptives. These risks include financial, technological, competitive, and operational risks. The Board dedicates time at each of its meetings to review and consider the relevant risks faced at that time. In addition, since the Company does not have an Audit Committee, the Board of Directors is also responsible for the assessment and oversight of our financial risk exposures. Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities 10 holders ), to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of Common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors, officers and 10 holders are required by SEC Regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all of the Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on a review of reports furnished to the Company and/or written representations from the Company s directors and executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, there was no compliance with the Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its directors, officers and 10 holders for such year. Involvement on Certain Material Legal Proceedings During the Past Five (5) Years (1) No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, exclusive of traffic violations or is subject to any pending criminal proceeding. (2) No bankruptcy petitions have been filed by or against any business or property of any director, officer, significant employee or consultant of the Company nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these persons were general partners or executive officers. (3) No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. (4) No director, officer or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law. Item 11. Executive Compensation We have employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer, each of whom was to be compensated by stock grants accrued monthly based on current share prices or block grants during the period ended December 31, 2022. In consideration of the Company s financial performance and lack of liquidity during this period, each of our officers waived compensation and we adjusted compensation accordingly. The Company has no other executive compensation issues which would require the inclusion of other mandated table disclosures. Director Compensation Our directors compensation is wholly derived from their employment agreement as set out above. 42 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2021, regarding the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to us to own more than five percent of our Common Stock; (ii) each of our Named Executive Officers; (iii) each of our directors; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. The percentages are based on 20,833,552 total outstanding Shares as of December 31, 2020. Except as otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. As of December 31, 2021 Title of class Name of beneficial owner Amount of beneficial ownership Percent of class Common Stock Edward E. Jacobs, Jr 2,239,531 Director Chief Executive Officer All officers and Directors as a Group (3 person) (1) The terms of our convertible notes with PowerUp Lending Group, Ltd and 1800 Diagonal Lending. limit their ownership to less than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding shares at any given time and it does not otherwise report ownership. (3) Dr. Jacobs is the sole shareholder of BioScience Associates Ltd, which is the holder of 600,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. These shares provide him with 100:1 voting rights in certain instances, along with 5:1 conversion rights. Changes in Control On June 21, 2013, the Company s sole officer, director and shareholder, Richard Chiang, sold 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, constituting 100 of its issued and outstanding shares, to Ferris Holding Inc., a Nevada corporation FHI for a purchase price of 40,000. Effective the same date, Mr. Chiang or the Company appointed Barry K. Epling, who was the sole shareholder of FHI, as Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Gerald A. Epling as its President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and a director; Mr. Chiang then resigned. On September 25, 2013, the Company changed its name to BioAdaptives, Inc. On October 2, 2017, the Board of Directors appointed Kim Southworth and Dr. Edward E Jacobs, Jr MD as directors and Barry K. Epling resigned as Chairman. FHI donated 9,628.568 shares of the Company s common stock to the Breath of Life Foundation, a Section 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. At that time, these shares constituted 51.84 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares and, as part of the grant, Breath of Life granted the Company s Board of Directors an irrevocable proxy to vote them. With these actions, Barry K. Epling terminated his relationship with the Company as an owner (direct or indirect), officer or director. Subsequent to establishment of the Series A Preferred Stock, the enhanced voting privileges provided to the Series A and Series B (when issued) Preferred Stock holders will provide them with sufficient voting authority to exercise control over the Company s corporate functions. Currently, the control voting privileges are held with the Series A voting rights by BioSciences Associates Ltd and Essence Now, Ltd. and Essence Worldwide, Ltd. 43 Table of Contents Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Relationships and Transactions Independence Transactions with Related Persons BioScience Associates As noted in the accounting, BioScience Associates Ltd loaned the company 74,715.25 BioScience Associates Ltd is founded and managed by Dr. Edward E. Jacobs, Jr, Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 24,000 of this debt was converted to 600,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock after December 31, 2020. Essence Worldwide, Ltd. and Essence Now, Ltd. The Essence companies have granted licenses for the Company s principal nutraceutical products in exchange for 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Essence companies are managed by Michele Sheriff, who otherwise has no involvement in the Company s activities. The Company anticipates that it may license additional products or technologies from Essence in the future, which would increase its voting privileges and rights to additional common shares. Conflicts of Interest Certain conflicts of interest could arise in the future, including, but not limited to, the following: None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. They may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Since all of our directors own shares of our common stock that could be sold, in whole or in part, as a negotiated element of a business acquisition, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate to effect a business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. In general, officers and directors of a Delaware corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity. the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 44 Table of Contents Director Independence The Board of Directors has determined that none of its directors is independent under the criteria set forth in Rule 5065(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Board does not have a separately designated audit, nominating, or compensation committee, so the functions normally attributed to these committees are performed by the entire board. Accordingly, none of our directors is independent under applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules that define independence for purposes of directors performing the functions of such committees. Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services Below is the table of Audit Fees (amounts in US billed by our auditors in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements: Audit Services Audit Related Fees Tax Fees Other Fees Year Ended December 31, 2022 0 0 Year Ended December 31,2021 12,960 0 0 Item 15 - Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (with amendments) 31.1 Section 302 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Section 906 Certification under Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 Incorporated by our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 3, 2011 Item 16 - Form 10-K Summary None 45 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 24 2023. BioAdaptives, Inc. /s/ Edward E. Jacobs, Jr Edward E. Jacobs, Jr Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. BioAdaptives, Inc. /s/ Robert E. Ellis Robert E. Ellis President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 31, 2023 46 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 bdpt_ex31.htm
 ARTICLES
 
 bdpt_ex31.htm EXHIBIT 3.1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bdpt_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31. 1 BioAdaptives Inc. OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Edward E. Jacobs, Jr certify that: I. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of BioAdaptives Inc. 1. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 2. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 3. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(t) and 15d-15(t)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrants ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Edward E. Jacobs, Jr Edward E. Jacobs, Jr Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 bdpt_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 BioAdaptives Inc. OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, Robert E. Ellis, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of BioAdaptives Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-l5(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and l5d-l5(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Robert E. Ellis Robert E. Ellis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bdpt_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 BioAdaptives Inc. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of BioAdaptives Inc. (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Edward E. Jacobs, Jr, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Edward E. Jacobs, Jr and will be retained by BioAdaptives Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Edward E. Jacobs, Jr Edward E. Jacobs, Jr Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 bdpt_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 BioAdaptives, Inc CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of BioAdaptives Inc. (the Registrant) on Form I0-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I Robert W. Ellis, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. I350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Robert W. Ellis. and will be retained by BioAdaptives Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Dated: March 31, 2023 By: /s/Robert E. Ellis Robert E. Ellis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bdpt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bdpt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bdpt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bdpt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

