<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230321_10-K_edgar_data_1080448_0001683168-23-001645.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4363652</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130258</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1540183</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>855229</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>815363</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>929958</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001645.hdr.sgml : 20230321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321165340
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001645
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PATRIOT GOLD CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001080448
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				860947048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32919
		FILM NUMBER:		23750270

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 180
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-456-9565

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 180
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTHERN OSTRICH CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001645.txt : 20230321

10-K
 1
 patriot_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

. 

 , , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and asked price of such common equity as of June 30, 2022
was approximately . 

The number of shares of the issuer s common stock issued and outstanding as of March 21, 2023 was
 shares. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Glossary of Mining Terms 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 7 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 8 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 17 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements 
 19 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 25 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 26 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 28 

i 

Glossary of Mining Terms 

Adit(s). Historic working driven horizontally,
or nearly so into a hillside to explore for and exploit ore. 

Air track holes. Drill hole constructed with
a small portable drill rig using an air-driven hammer. 

Core holes. A hole in the ground that is left
after the process where a hollow drill bit with diamond chip teeth is used to drill into the ground. The center of the hollow drill fills
with the core of the rock that is being drilled into, and when the drill is extracted, a hole is left in the ground. 

Geochemical sampling. Sample of soil, rock,
silt, water or vegetation analyzed to detect the presence of valuable metals or other metals which may accompany them. For example, arsenic
may indicate the presence of gold. 

Geologic mapping. Producing a plan and sectional
map of the rock types, structure and alteration of a property. 

Geophysical survey. Electrical, magnetic, gravity
and other means used to detect features, which may be associated with mineral deposits. 

Ground magnetic survey. Recording variations
in the earth s magnetic field and plotting same. 

Ground radiometric survey. A survey of radioactive
minerals on the land surface. 

Leaching . Leaching is a cost-effective process
where ore is subjected to a chemical liquid that dissolves the mineral component from ore, and then the liquid is collected and the metals
extracted from it. 

Level(s). Main underground passage driven along
a level course to afford access to stopes or workings and provide ventilation and a haulage way for removal of ore. 

Magnetic lows. An occurrence that may be indicative
of a destruction of magnetic minerals by later hydrothermal (hot water) fluids that have come up along faults. These hydrothermal fluids
may in turn have carried and deposited precious metals such as gold and/or silver. 

Patented or Unpatented Mining Claims. In this
Annual Report, there are references to patented mining claims and unpatented mining claims. A patented mining
claim is one for which the United States government has passed its title to the claimant, giving that person title to the land as well
as the minerals and other resources above and below the surface. The patented claim is then treated like any other private land and is
subject to local property taxes. An unpatented mining claim on United States government lands establishes a claim to the locatable minerals
(also referred to as stakeable minerals) on the land and the right of possession solely for mining purposes. No title to the land passes
to the claimant. If a proven economic mineral deposit is developed, provisions of federal mining laws permit owners of unpatented mining
claims to patent (to obtain title to) the claim. If one purchases an unpatented mining claim that is later declared invalid by the United
States government, one could be evicted. 

Plug. A vertical pipe-like body of magma representing
a volcanic vent similar to a dome. 

Quartz Stockworks. A multi-directional system
of quartz veinlets. 

RC holes. Short form for Reverse Circulation
Drill holes. These are holes are left after the process of Reverse Circulation Drilling. 

Reserve. That part of a mineral deposit which
could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. Reserves are customarily stated in terms
of ore when dealing with metalliferous minerals; when other materials such as coal, oil, shale, tar, sands, limestone, etc.
are involved, an appropriate term such as recoverable coal may be substituted. 

ii 

Resource. An estimate of the total tons and
grade of a mineral deposit defined by surface sampling, drilling and occasionally underground sampling of historic diggings when available. 

Reverse circulation drilling. A less expensive
form of drilling than coring that does not allow for the recovery of a tube or core of rock. The material is brought up from depth as
a series of small chips of rock that are then bagged and sent in for analysis. This is a quicker and cheaper method of drilling but does
not give as much information about the underlying rocks. 

Rhyolite plug dome. A domal feature formed
by the extrusion of viscous quartz-rich volcanic rocks. 

Scintillometer survey. A survey of radioactive
minerals using a scintillometer, a hand-held, highly accurate measuring device. 

Scoping Study. A detailed study of the various
possible methods to mine a deposit. 

Silicic dome. A convex landform created by
extruding quartz-rich volcanic rocks. 

Stope(s) . An excavation from which ore has
been removed from sub-vertical openings above or below levels. 

Tertiary. That portion of geologic time that
includes abundant volcanism in the western U.S. 

Trenching. A cost-effective way of examining
the structure and nature of mineral ores beneath gravel cover. It involves digging long usually shallow trenches in carefully selected
areas to expose unweathered rock and allow sampling. 

Volcanic center. Origin of major volcanic activity 

Volcanoclastic. Coarse, unsorted sedimentary
rock formed from erosion of volcanic debris. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
information. Forward-looking information includes statements relating to future actions, prospective products, future performance or results
of current or anticipated products, sales and marketing efforts, costs and expenses, interest rates, outcome of contingencies, financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, business strategies, cost savings, objectives of management of Patriot Gold Corp. (hereinafter
referred to as the Company, Patriot Gold or we and other matters. Forward-looking information
may be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or may be incorporated by reference from other documents filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC by the Company. One can find many of these statements by looking for words including,
for example, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates or similar expressions
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in documents incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The Company has based the forward-looking statements
relating to the Company s operations on management s current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company and
the industry in which it operates. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions
that we cannot predict. In particular, we have based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that
may prove to be inaccurate. Accordingly, the Company s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking
statements. Any differences could result from a variety of factors, including, but not limited to general economic and business conditions,
competition, and other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information or future events. 

iii 

PART I 

The following should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Throughout this document, we
make statements that are classified as forward-looking. Please refer to the Forward-Looking Statements section
above for an explanation of these types of statements. 

Item 1. Description
of Business. 

We are engaged in natural resource exploration and acquiring, exploring,
and developing natural resource properties. Currently we are undertaking exploration and development programs in Nevada. 

Development of Business 

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on November
30, 1998. In June 2003, the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada changing
its name to Patriot Gold Corp. and moving the Company into its current business of natural resource exploration and mining. On June 17,
2003, the Company adopted a new trading symbol - PGOL- to reflect the name change. The Company has been in the resource exploration and
mining business since June 2003. 

On April 16, 2010, we caused the incorporation of
our wholly owned subsidiary, Provex Resources Inc. Provex under the laws of Nevada. 

On April 16, 2010, the Company entered into an Assignment
Agreement with Provex to assign the exclusive option to an undivided right, title and interest in the Bruner and Vernal properties and
the Bruner Expansion property to Provex. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreements, Provex assumed the rights, and agreed to perform all of
the duties and obligations, of the Company arising under the Bruner and Vernal Property Option Agreement and the Bruner Property Expansion
Option Agreement. Provex s only assets are the aforementioned agreements and it does not have any liabilities. 

On May 28, 2010, Provex entered into an exclusive
right and option agreement with Canamex Resources Corp. Canamex whereby Canamex could earn up to 75 in the Bruner and
the Bruner Property Expansion. Canamex agreed to spend an aggregate total of US 6 million on exploration and related expenditures
over the ensuing seven years whereupon Provex agreed to grant the right and option to earn a vested seventy percent (70 and an additional
five percent (5 upon delivery of a bankable feasibility study. 

On February 28, 2011, the Company entered into an
Exploration and Option to Enter Joint Venture Agreement with Idaho State Gold Company, LLC, ISGC whereby the Company granted
the option and right to earn a vested seventy percent (70 interest in the property and the right and option to form a joint venture
for the management and ownership of the property called the Moss Mine Property, Mohave County, Arizona (the Moss Property 
or Moss Mine Property ). Upon execution of the agreement ISGC paid the Company 500,000 USD and agreed to spend an aggregate
total of 8,000,000 USD on exploration and related expenditures over the ensuing five years. Subsequent to exercise of the earn-in, ISGC
and the Company agreed to form a 70/30 joint venture. 

In March 2011, ISGC transferred its rights to the
Exploration and Option to Enter Joint Venture Agreement dated February 28, 2011, to Elevation Gold Mining Corporation Elevation ),
formerly known as Northern Vertex Capital Inc. 

On May 12, 2016, the Company entered into a material
definitive Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Mining Claims and Escrow Instructions (the Purchase and Sale Agreement with
Golden Vertex Corp., an Arizona corporation Golden Vertex, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Northern Vertex) whereby Golden
Vertex agreed to purchase the Company s remaining 30 working interest in the Moss Gold/Silver Mine for C 1,500,000 (the Purchase
Price plus a 3 net smelter return royalty. Specifically, the Company conveyed all of its right, title and interest in those certain
patented and unpatented lode mining claims situated in the Oatman Mining District, Mohave County, Arizona (the Claims together
with all extralateral and other associated rights, water rights, tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging or appertaining
thereto, and all rights-of-way, easements, rights of access and ingress to and egress from the Claims appurtenant thereto and in which
Seller had any interest (collectively, the Property ). The Purchase Price consisted of C 1,200,000 in cash payable at closing
and the remaining C 300,000 was paid by the issuance of Northern Vertex common shares to the Company valued at 0.35 (857,140 shares),
issued pursuant to the terms and provisions of an investment agreement (the Investment Agreement entered between the Company
and Northern Vertex contemporaneous to the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

1 

On April 25, 2017, Provex and Canamex Resources
Corp. Buyer entered into a purchase and sale agreement whereby Canamex Resources purchased Patriot Gold's 30 percent working
interest in the Bruner gold/silver mine project for US 1.0 million cash, and the retention of a net smelter return NSR royalty on the Bruner property including any claims acquired within a two-mile area of interest around the existing claims. Additionally,
the Buyer had the option to buy-down half of the NSR royalty retained by Patriot for US 5 million any time during a five-year period following
closing of the purchase and sale agreement. The Company recognized a gain on sale of mineral properties of 1,000,000 from the sale of
the Bruner in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

On May 23, 2017, the Company caused the incorporation
of its wholly owned subsidiary, Patriot Gold Canada Corp Patriot Canada ), under the laws of British Columbia, Canada. 

On January 17, 2018, the Company designated 13,500,000
shares of the authorized and unissued preferred stock of the company as Series A Preferred Stock by filing an Amended and
Restated Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Nevada. 

On May 7, 2018, the Company caused the name change
of our wholly owned subsidiary, Provex Resources Inc. to Goldbase, Inc. Goldbase under the laws of Nevada. 

On June 27, 2019, the Company approved a change in
its fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31. 

Business Operations 

We are a natural resource exploration and mining company
which acquires, explores, and develops natural resource properties. Our primary focus in the natural resource sector is gold. 

The search for valuable natural resources as a business
is extremely risky. We can provide investors with no assurance that the properties we have either optioned or purchased contain commercially
exploitable reserves. Exploration for mineral reserves is a speculative venture involving substantial risk. Few properties that are explored
are ultimately developed into producing commercially feasible reserves. Problems such as unusual or unexpected formations and other conditions
are involved in mineral exploration and often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. In such a case, we would be unable to complete
our business plan and any money spent on exploration would be lost. 

Natural resource exploration and development requires
significant capital and our assets and resources are limited. Therefore, we anticipate participating in the natural resource industry
through the selling or partnering of our properties, the purchase of small interests in producing properties, the purchase of properties
where feasibility studies already exist or by the optioning of natural resource exploration and development projects. To date, we have
two gold projects located in the southwest United States. In May 2016, we sold our interest in the Moss Mine project and retained a royalty.
In April 2017, we sold our interest in the Bruner project and retained a royalty. Our current project inventory consists of the Vernal
project and the Windy Peak project. 

Financing 

There were no financing activities undertaken by the
Company during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Due to the commencement of the royalties from the Moss mine, management estimates
that the Company will not require additional funding for the Company s planned operations for the next twelve months. 

Competition 

The mineral exploration industry, in general, is intensely
competitive and even if commercial quantities of ore are discovered, a ready market may not exist for sale of same. Numerous factors beyond
our control may affect the marketability of any substances discovered. These factors include market fluctuations, the proximity and capacity
of natural resource markets and processing equipment, government regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties,
land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. The exact effect of these factors cannot be accurately
predicted, but the combination of these factors may result in our not receiving an adequate return on invested capital. 

2 

Compliance with Government Regulation and Regulatory
Matters 

Mining Control and Reclamation Regulations 

The Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of
1977 SMCRA is administered by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement OSM and establishes
mining, environmental protection and reclamation standards for all aspects of U.S. surface mining, as well as many aspects of underground
mining. Mine operators must obtain SMCRA permits and permit renewals for mining operations from the OSM. Although state regulatory agencies
have adopted federal mining programs under SMCRA, the state becomes the regulatory authority. States in which we expect to have active
future mining operations have achieved primary control of enforcement through federal authorization. 

SMCRA permit provisions include requirements for prospecting
including mine plan development, topsoil removal, storage and replacement, selective handling of overburden materials, mine pit backfilling
and grading, protection of the hydrologic balance, subsidence control for underground mines, surface drainage control, mine drainage and
mine discharge control and treatment and re-vegetation. 

The U.S. mining permit application process is initiated
by collecting baseline data to adequately characterize the pre-mining environmental condition of the permit area. We will develop mine
and reclamation plans by utilizing this geologic data and incorporating elements of the environmental data. Our mine and reclamation plans
incorporate the provisions of SMCRA, state programs and complementary environmental programs which impact mining. Also included in the
permit application are documents defining ownership and agreements pertaining to minerals, oil and gas, water rights, rights of way and
surface land and documents required of the OSM s Applicant Violator System, including the mining and compliance history of officers,
directors and principal stockholders of the applicant. 

Once a permit application is prepared and submitted
to the regulatory agency, it goes through a completeness and technical review. Public notice of the proposed permit is given for a comment
period before a permit can be issued. Some SMCRA mine permit applications take over a year to prepare, depending on the size and complexity
of the mine and often take six months to two years to be issued. Regulatory authorities have considerable discretion in the timing of
the permit issuance and the public has the right to comment on, and otherwise engage in, the permitting process including public hearings
and intervention by the courts. 

Surface Disturbance 

All mining activities governed by the Bureau of Land
Management BLM require reasonable reclamation. The lowest level of mining activity, casual use, is designed
for the miner or weekend prospector who creates only negligible surface disturbance (for example, activities that do not involve the use
of earth-moving equipment or explosives may be considered casual use). These activities would not require either a notice of intent to
operate or a plan of operation. For further information regarding surface management terms, please refer to 43 CFR Chapter II Subchapter
C, Subpart 3809. 

The second level of activity, where surface disturbance
is 5 acres or less per year, requires a notice advising the BLM of the anticipated work 15 days prior to commencement. This notice must
be filed with the appropriate field office . No approval is needed although bonding is required. State agencies must be notified
to ensure all requirements are met. 

For operations involving more than 5 acres total surface
disturbance on lands subject to 43 CFR 3809, a detailed plan of operation must be filed with the appropriate BLM field office . Bonding
is required to ensure proper reclamation. An Environmental Assessment (EA) is to be prepared for all plans of operation to determine if
an Environmental Impact Statement is required. A National Environmental Policy Act review is not required for casual use or notice level
operations unless those operations involve occupancy as defined by 43 CFR 3715. Most occupancies at the casual use and notice level in
Arizona are covered by a programmatic EA. 

An activity permit is required when use of equipment
is utilized for the purpose of land stripping, earthmoving, blasting (except blasting associated with an individual source permit issued
for mining), trenching or road construction. 

3 

Future legislation and regulations are expected to
become increasingly restrictive and there may be more rigorous enforcement of existing and future laws and regulations and we may experience
substantial increases in equipment and operating costs and may experience delays, interruptions or termination of operations. Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines or penalties, the acceleration
of cleanup and site restoration costs, the issuance of injunctions to limit or cease operations and the suspension or revocation of permits
and other enforcement measures that could have the effect of limiting production from our future operations. 

Trespassing 

The BLM will prevent abuse of public lands while recognizing
valid rights and uses under the mining laws. The BLM will take appropriate action to eliminate invalid uses, including unauthorized residential
occupancy. The Interior Board of Land Appeals (IBLA) has found that a claim may be declared void by the BLM when it has been located and
held for purposes other than the mining of minerals. The issuance of a notice of trespass may occur if an unpatented claim/site is: 

(1) 
 used for a home site, place of business, or for other purposes not reasonably related to mining or milling activities; 

(2) 
 used for the mining and sale of leasable minerals or mineral materials, such as sand, gravel and certain types of building stone; or 

(3) 
 located on lands that for any reason have been withdrawn from location after the effective date of the withdrawal. 

Trespass actions are taken by the BLM Field Office. 

Environmental Laws 

We may become subject to various federal and state
environmental laws and regulations that will impose significant requirements on our operations. The cost of complying with current and
future environmental laws and regulations and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances,
may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, environmental laws and regulations, particularly
relating to air emissions, can reduce our profitability. Numerous federal and state governmental permits and approvals are required for
mining operations. When we apply for these permits or approvals, we may be required to prepare and present to federal or state authorities
data pertaining to the effect or impact that a proposed exploration for, or production or processing of, may have on the environment.
Compliance with these requirements can be costly and time-consuming and can delay exploration or production operations. A failure to obtain
or comply with permits could result in significant fines and penalties and could adversely affect the issuance of other permits for which
we may apply. 

Clean Water Act 

The U.S. Clean Water Act and corresponding state and
local laws and regulations affect mining operations by restricting the discharge of pollutants, including dredged or fill materials, into
waters of the United States. The Clean Water Act provisions and associated state and federal regulations are complex and subject to amendments,
legal challenges and changes in implementation. As a result of court decisions and regulatory actions, permitting requirements have increased
and could continue to increase the cost and time we expend on compliance with water pollution regulations. These and other regulatory
requirements, which have the potential to change due to legal challenges, Congressional actions and other developments increase the cost
of, or could even prohibit, certain current or future mining operations. Our operations may not always be able to remain in full compliance
with all Clean Water Act obligations and permit requirements. As a result, we may be subject to fines, penalties or changes to our operations. 

Clean Water Act requirements that may affect our operations
include the following: 

Section 404 

Section 404 of the Clean Water Act requires mining
companies to obtain U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ACOE permits to place material in streams for the purpose of creating
slurry ponds, water impoundments, refuse areas, valley fills or other mining activities. 

4 

Our construction and mining activities, including
our surface mining operations, will frequently require Section 404 permits. ACOE issues two types of permits pursuant to Section 404 of
the Clean Water Act: nationwide (or general and individual permits. Nationwide permits are issued to streamline
the permitting process for dredging and filling activities that have minimal adverse environmental impacts. An individual permit typically
requires a more comprehensive application process, including public notice and comment; however, an individual permit can be issued for
ten years (and may be extended thereafter upon application). 

The issuance of permits to construct valley fills
and refuse impoundments under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act, whether general permits commonly described as the Nationwide Permit
21 (NWP 21) or individual permits, has been the subject of many recent court cases and increased regulatory oversight. The results may
materially increase our permitting and operating costs, permitting delays, suspension of current operations and/or prevention of opening
new mines. 

Employees 

Currently, our officers and directors provide planning
and organizational services for us on an as-needed basis, and our administrative and office staff also works on an as-needed basis. Some
of the field work is completed by service providers and/or exploration partners. All of the operations, technical and otherwise, are overseen
by the directors of the Company. 

Subsidiaries 

On April 16, 2010, we caused the incorporation of
our wholly owned subsidiary, Provex Resources, Inc., under the laws of Nevada. On April 16, 2010, the Company entered into an Assignment
Agreement to assign the exclusive option to an undivided right, title and interest in the Bruner and Vernal property; and the Bruner Property
Expansion to Provex. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, Provex assumed the rights, and agreed to perform all of the duties and obligations,
of the Company arising under the Bruner and Vernal Property Option Agreement; and the Bruner Property Expansion Option Agreement. Provex s
only assets are the aforementioned agreements and it does not have any liabilities. 

On May 28, 2010, Provex Resources, Inc. entered into
an exclusive right and option agreement with Canamex Resources Corp. Canamex whereby Canamex could earn up to a 75 undivided
interest in the Bruner and the Bruner Property Expansion. Canamex agreed to spend an aggregate total of US 6 million on exploration and
related expenditures over the ensuing seven years whereupon the Company agreed to grant the right and option to earn a vested seventy
percent (70 and an additional five percent (5 upon delivery of a bankable feasibility study. 

On April 25, 2017, Provex and Canamex Resources Corp. Buyer) entered into a purchase and sale agreement whereby Canamex Resources purchased our 30-per-cent working interest in the
Bruner gold/silver mine project for US 1.0 million cash, and the retention of a net smelter return NSR royalty on the
Bruner property including any claims acquired within a two-mile area of interest around the existing claims. Additionally, the Buyer had
the option to buy-down half of the NSR royalty for US 5 million any time during a five-year period following closing of the purchase and
sale agreement. 

On May 23, 2017, the Company caused the incorporation
of its wholly owned subsidiary, Patriot Gold Canada Corp Patriot Canada ), under the laws of British Columbia, Canada. 

On May 7, 2018, the Company caused the name change
of our wholly owned subsidiary, Provex Resources Inc. to Goldbase, Inc. Goldbase under the laws of Nevada. 

On June 27, 2019, the Company approved a change in
its fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31. 

5 

Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 

Factors that May Affect Future Results 

1. We may require additional funds to achieve our
business objectives and any inability to obtain funding will impact our business. 

We may incur operating losses in future periods because
there are expenses associated with the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. We may need to raise additional
funds in the future through public or private debt or equity sales to fund our future operations and fulfill contractual obligations.
These financings may not be available when needed, and even if these financings are available, they may be on terms that we deem unacceptable
or are materially adverse to your interests with respect to dilution of book value, dividend preferences, liquidation preferences or other
terms. Any inability to obtain financing could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business objectives and as a result,
could require us to diminish or suspend our operations or cause a materially adverse effect on our business. Obtaining additional financing
would be subject to a number of factors, including the market prices for gold, silver and other minerals. These factors may make the timing,
amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to us. 

2. Because our Directors may serve as officers
and directors of other companies engaged in mineral exploration, a potential conflict of interest could negatively impact our ability
to acquire properties to explore and to run our business. 

Our Directors and Officers may work for other mining
and mineral exploration companies. Due to time demands placed on our Directors and Officers, and due to the competitive nature of the
exploration business, the potential exists for conflicts of interest to occur from time to time that could adversely affect our ability
to conduct our business. The Officers and Directors employment and affiliations with other entities limit the amount of time they
can dedicate to us. Also, our Directors and Officers may have a conflict of interest in helping us identify and obtain the rights to mineral
properties because they may also be considering the same properties. To mitigate these risks, we work with several technical consultants
in order to ensure that we are not overly reliant on any one of our Officers and Directors to provide us with technical services. However,
we cannot be certain that a conflict of interest will not arise in the future. To date, there have not been any conflicts of interest
between any of our Directors or Officers and the Company. 

3. Because of the speculative nature of exploration
and development, there are substantial risks in our business model. 

The search for valuable natural resources as a business
is extremely risky. We can provide investors with no assurance that the properties we own contain commercially exploitable reserves. Exploration
for natural resources is speculative and involves risk. Few properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing commercially
feasible reserves. Problems such as unusual or unexpected formations and other conditions are involved in mineral exploration and often
result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. In such a case, we would be unable to complete our business plan. 

4. Because of the unique difficulties and uncertainties
inherent in mineral exploration and the mining business, we face risks. 

Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties
normally encountered by mineral exploration companies. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses,
difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties that we plan to undertake.
These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to exploration and additional costs and expenses
that may exceed current estimates. In addition, the search for valuable minerals involves numerous hazards which pose financial risks. 

5. Because our operating expenses may vary, as
may our revenues, profitability may be inconsistent. 

We anticipate that our expenses may vary and so may
our revenues. Therefore, any profitability we may have could be inconsistent. There is little history upon which to base any assumption
as to the likelihood that we will be consistently profitable, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate consistent
revenues or consistently achieve profitable operations. 

6 

6. Because access to our mineral claims may be
restricted by inclement weather, we may be delayed in our exploration. 

Access to our mineral properties may be restricted
through some of the year due to weather in the area. As a result, any attempt to test or explore the property is largely limited to the
times when weather permits such activities. These limitations can result in significant delays in exploration efforts. 

7. Because of the speculative nature of exploration
of mineral properties, there is substantial risk. 

The search for valuable minerals as a business is
extremely risky. Exploration for minerals is a speculative venture involving substantial risk. The expenditures to be made by us in the
exploration of the mineral claims may not always result in the discovery of economic mineral deposits. Problems such as unusual or unexpected
formations and other conditions are involved in mineral exploration and often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. 

8. Because of the inherent dangers involved in
mineral exploration, there is liability risk. 

The search for valuable minerals involves numerous
hazards. As a result, there is potential liability for hazards, including pollution, cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot
insure or against which we may elect not to insure. 

9. We are heavily dependent on our CEO and President. 

Our success depends heavily upon the continued contributions
of our CEO and President, whose knowledge, leadership and technical expertise would be difficult to replace. Our success is also dependent
on our ability to retain and attract experienced engineers, geoscientists and other technical and professional staff. We do not maintain
key man insurance. If we were to lose our CEO and President, our ability to execute our business plan could be harmed. 

Risks Related to Legal Uncertainties and Regulations 

10. As we undertake exploration and development
of our mineral claims, we will be subject to compliance with government regulation which may increase the anticipated cost of our exploration
programs. 

There are several governmental regulations that materially
restrict mineral exploration. We will be subject to the federal, state and local laws as we carry out our exploration program. We may
be required to obtain work permits, post bonds and perform remediation work for any physical disturbance to the land in order to comply
with these laws. While our planned exploration and development program budgets for regulatory compliance, there is a risk that new regulations
could increase our costs of doing business and prevent us from carrying out our exploration and development programs. 

Public Health Threats Risk 

24. Our financial and operating performance may
be adversely affected by global public health threats, including the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). 

Public health threats, such as the coronavirus (COVID-19),
influenza and other highly communicable diseases or viruses could adversely impact our operations and cause disruptions in the natural
resource exploration and mining industry. If the effect of the coronavirus (COVID-19) is ongoing, economic conditions and the economic
slow-down resulting from COVID-19 and the intentional governmental responses to the virus may also adversely affect the market price of
our common shares. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments. 

There are no unresolved staff comments. 

7 

Item 2. Description
of Properties. 

We do not lease or own any real property for our corporate
offices. We currently maintain our corporate office on a month-to-month basis at 401 Ryland St, Suite 180, Reno, NV 89502. Management
believes that our office space is suitable for our current needs. 

Our property holdings as of December 31, 2022 consist
of the Vernal Property and the Windy Peak Property. 

Vernal Project 

Map showing the location of our Vernal Project located in Central Western
Nevada. 

8 

Acquisition of Interests - Vernal Project 

Pursuant to a Property Option Agreement (the BV
Agreement ), dated as of July 25, 2003, with MinQuest, Inc., a Nevada Company MinQuest ), we acquired the option to
earn a 100 interest in the Bruner and Vernal mineral exploration properties located in Nevada. Together, these two properties originally
consisted of 28 unpatented mining claims on a total of 560 acres in the northwest trending Walker Lane located in western central Nevada. 

To date, the Company has paid the option payments
and made the expenditures necessary to satisfy the requirements of the BV Agreement and 100 interest in these two properties was therefore
transferred to Patriot, subject to MinQuest retaining a 3 royalty. All mining interests in the properties are subject to MinQuest retaining
a 3 royalty of the aggregate proceeds from any smelter or other purchaser of any ores, concentrates, metals or other material of commercial
value produced from the property, minus the cost of transportation of the ores, concentrates or metals, including related insurance, and
smelting and refining charges. Pursuant to the BV Agreement, we have a one-time option to purchase a portion of MinQuest s royalty
interest at a rate of 1,000,000 for each 1 . We may exercise our option 90 days following completion of a bankable feasibility study
of the Bruner and Vernal properties, which, as it relates to a mineral resource or reserve, is an evaluation of the economics for the
extraction (mining), processing and marketing of a defined ore reserve that would justify financing from a banking or financing institution
for putting the mine into production. 

On April 16, 2010, the Company entered into an Assignment
Agreement with its wholly owned subsidiary, Provex Resources, Inc., (now Goldbase, Inc.) a Nevada Company, to assign the exclusive option
to an undivided right, title and interest in the Bruner, Bruner Expansion and Vernal properties to Provex. Pursuant to the Agreement,
Provex assumed the rights, and agreed to perform all of the duties and obligations, of the Company arising under the original property
option agreements. 

In April 2017, Canamex Resources Buyer purchased our interest in the Bruner properties for US 1.0 million cash, and we retained a two percent net smelter return royalty on the
Bruner properties including any claims acquired within a two-mile area of interest around the existing claims. Additionally, the Buyer
had the option to buy-down half of the NSR royalty retained by Patriot for US 5 million any time during a five-year period following closing
of the purchase and sale agreement. 

Description and Location of the Vernal Property

The Vernal Property is located approximately 140 miles
east-southeast of Reno, Nevada on the west side of the Shoshone Mountains. Access from Fallon, the closest town of any size, is by 50
miles of paved highway and 30 miles of gravel roads. The Company holds the property via 12 unpatented mining claims (approximately 248
acres). The Company has a 100 interest in the Vernal property, subject to an existing royalty. 

Exploration History of the Vernal Property 

Historical work includes numerous short adits constructed
on the Vernal Property between 1907 and 1936. There appears to have been little or no mineral production. 

The Vernal Property is underlain by a thick sequence
of Tertiary age rhyolitic volcanic rocks including tuffs, flows and intrusives. A volcanic center is thought to underlie the district,
with an intruding rhyolite plug dome (a domal feature formed by the extrusion of viscous quartz-rich volcanic rocks) thought to be closely
related to mineralization encountered by the geologists of Amselco, the U.S. subsidiary of a British company, who explored the Vernal
Property back in the 1980 s, and who in 1983 mapped, sampled and drilled the Vernal Property. Amselco has not been involved with
the Vernal Property over the last 20 years and is not associated with our option on the Vernal Property or the exploration work being
done. A 225-foot-wide zone of poorly outcropping quartz stockworks (a multi-directional quartz veinlet system) and larger veining trends
exist northeast from the northern margin of the plug. The veining consists of chalcedony containing 1-5 pyrite. Clay alteration of the
host volcanics is strong. Northwest trending veins are also present but very poorly exposed. Both directions carry gold values. Scattered
vein float is found over the plug. The most significant gold values in rock chips come from veining in tuffaceous rocks north of the nearly
east-west contact of the plug. This area has poor exposure, but sampling of old dumps and surface workings show an open-ended gold anomaly
that measures 630 feet by 450 feet. 

9 

The Vernal Property claims presently do not have any
known mineral reserves. The property that is the subject of our mineral claims is undeveloped and does not contain any commercial scale
open-pits. Numerous shallow underground excavations occur within the central portion of the property. No reported historic production
is noted for the property. There is no mining plant or equipment located on the property that is the subject of the mineral claim. Currently,
there is no power supply to the mineral claims. Although drill holes are present within the property boundary, there is no known drilled
reserve on our claims. 

In July 2003 and again in June 2017, members of our
Board of Directors and geology team made an onsite inspection of the Vernal property. Mapping (the process of laying out a grid on the
land for area identification where samples are taken) and sampling (the process of taking small quantities of soil and rock for analysis)
have been completed. In March 2005, the Company initiated the process to secure the proper permits for trenching and geochemical sampling
from the U.S. Forest Service. 

Our exploration of the Vernal Property to date has
consisted of geologic mapping, trenching and rock chip geochemical sampling. The Board of Directors approved a budget of approximately
 55,000 (including the refundable bond of 900) for the Vernal property. An exploration program was conducted in November 2008. The program
consisted of 200 feet of trenching, sampling and mapping, and opening, mapping and sampling of an underground workings consisting of approximately
275 feet of workings. The Company is continuing to evaluate the Vernal Property. 

In September 2017, we released a National Instrument
43-101 Technical Report on the Vernal. 

Planned Exploration 

The Company s current objectives are to assess
the geological merits and if warranted and feasible establish an exploration program to identify the potential for economically viable
mineralization. The cost of an exploration plan has not yet been determined therefore estimated exploration expenditures are not available
at this time. The Company recognizes that the Vernal Property is an early-stage exploration opportunity and there are currently no proven
or probable reserves. 

Windy Peak Property 

Acquisition of Interest 

In May 2015, after a review of historical records
and information available regarding a potential mineral property interest in Churchill County, Nevada, the Company acquired the Windy
Peak Property, (referred to herein as the Windy Peak Property, Windy Peak or the Property ). This
early-stage exploration project was secured through the completion of an Assignment and Assumption Agreement. Windy Peak has been visited
by directors and technical staff of the Company several times in 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2022. 

10 

The Windy Peak Property Location in Nevada 

Description and Location of the Windy Peak Property 

The Windy Peak Property consists of 114 unpatented
mineral claims covering approximately 2,337 contiguous acres, 3 miles NNE of the Bell Mountain and 7 miles east of the Fairview mining
district in southwest Nevada. Windy Peak is approximately 45 miles southeast of Fallon and 5 miles south of Middlegate. The Property
is a contiguous claim block. Access to the project area is by paved highway, followed by a short stretch of gravel road. 

Access to the Windy Peak Property is from U.S. Highway
50, thence south via Highway 361 to an unmarked dirt road that heads west along the south side of an unnamed wash referred to as Windy
Wash. The dirt road exits Highway 95 near the border of Sections 27 34. The Bell Mountain quadrangle (dated 1972) shows an older
dirt road that follows the floor of the wash. About 2 miles along the dirt road, trenching and cutting of trails to access various portions
of the Property have extensively disturbed the hill. The dirt road is in good condition, however the steeper trails near Windy Peak require
a 4-wheel-drive for access. There is no plant, equipment, water source nor power currently on site. Power could be provided by portable
diesel-powered generators. Non potable water may be source able on site for drilling, mining and milling purposes. 

11 

The Property claims are held as unpatented federal
land claims administered under the Department of Interior, BLM. In order to acquire an unpatented mineral claim, the land must be open
to mineral entry. Federal law specifies that a claim must be located or staked and site boundaries be distinctly and clearly
marked to be readily identifiable on the ground in addition to filing the appropriate state and or federal documentation such as Location
Notice, Claim Map, Notice of Non-liability for Labor and Materials Furnished, Notice of Intent to Hold Mining Claims, Maintenance Fee
Payment and fees to secure the claim. The State may also establish additional requirements regarding the manner in which mining claims
and sites are located and recorded. An unpatented mining claim on U.S. government lands establishes a claim to the locatable minerals
(also referred to as stakeable minerals) on the land and the right of possession solely for mining purposes. No title to the land passes
to the claimant. If a proven economic mineral deposit is developed, provisions of federal mining laws permit owners of unpatented mining
claims to patent (to obtain title to) the claim. The Property surface estate and mineral rights are federally owned and subject to BLM
regulations. None of the Property claims have been legally surveyed. Although our legal access to unpatented Federal claims cannot be
denied, staking or operating a mining claim does not provide the claim holder exclusive rights to the surface resources (unless a right
was determined under Public Law 84-167), establish residency or block access to other users. Regulations managing the use and occupancy
of the public lands for development of locatable mineral deposits by limiting such use or occupancy to that which is reasonably incident
is found in 43 CFR 3715. These Regulations apply to public lands administered by the BLM. 

Annual maintenance fees paid to the BLM and recording
fees must be paid to the respective county on or before September 1 of each year to keep the claims in good standing, provided the filings
are kept current these claims can be kept in perpetuity. 

Past Exploration in the Windy Peak Area 

Fairview District 

The Windy Peak area has been considered to be part
of, or at least an extension of, the Fairview District, which, is located on Fairview Peak about 6 miles WNW of Hill 6483. Both areas
are within the Fairview Peak caldera, but their geochemical differences indicate they are not related. 

Windy Peak 

Published information regarding the Windy Peak area
refers to a small leach pad at the Cye Cox prospect at Hill 6483. This exploration was located adjacent to but not on our northern claim
block. According to historical reports, an initial 6 claims (Red Star) were staked by Cye Cox of Fallon from 1945 to 1969. Subsequent
lessees staked an additional 79 Red Star claims from 1978 to 1979. Cye Cox together with Pete Erb and Pine Nut Forbush discovered
high-grade gold on the south side of Hill 6483 in the Windy fault in 1970. The presence of old timbers near a mostly-covered hole at the
western trench (about mile west of the Windy adit) indicates that they also did some work there. After further examination a plant with
a 6-8 grizzly and trommel (21' x 30 was setup and operated. 

Exploration on and around the property has included
geologic mapping, rock chip sampling, sagebrush biogeochemistry, VLF-EM, VLF-resistivity and magnetic geophysical surveys, and reverse
circulation drilling. Various companies, including Terraco Gold Corp, Solitario Resources, Red Star Gold, Pegasus Gold Corp, Rio Tinto,
and Kennecott, have conducted drilling on and around the property, with more than 70 holes drilled. Limited small-scale mining activities
have been conducted by various private parties since the 1940's, including a small glory hole mined during the 1970's centered on Hill
6483. Previous work on the property included many vertical reverse-circulation drill holes, which are not suited to testing the high-angle
structures known to host the gold- bearing veins. Some of the holes previously drilled are inferred to be too shallow to properly test
targets. The Company believes the high-grade structurally hosted gold potential on the property has not been tested by previous drilling
programs. 

12 

Geology of the Windy Peak Property Area 

Review of late Tertiary epithermal gold-silver deposits
in the northern Great Basin, revealed that most deposits are spatially and temporally related to two magmatic assemblages: bimodal basalt-rhyolite
and western andesite. The Fairview district, including the Bell Mine, is related to a third, minor magmatic assemblage, the late Eocene
to early Miocene caldera complexes of the interior andesite-rhyolite assemblage. This assemblage hosts the giant late-Oligocene Round
Mountain deposit plus smaller deposits in the Atlanta, Fairview, Tuscarora, and Wonder mining districts. The youngest rocks in the interior
andesite-rhyolite assemblage are in the Fairview and Tonopah mining districts. Recent studies have shown that the magmatism associated
with the interior andesite rhyolite assemblage had a close spatial and temporal association with crustal extension, and that these magmas
may have been formed by partial mixing of mantle-derived basal with crustal melt. 

Current Exploration 

The Company has been conducting an ongoing exploration
program to assess the potential for economically viable mineralization. The exploration program has been permitted by the BLM. The Company
initiated drilling in the summer of 2018, and this program extended into October 2018. Further drilling was completed in December 2019,
and again in January 2021. Exploration on the project is ongoing. The Company recognizes that Windy Peak is an early-stage exploration
opportunity and there are currently no proven or probable reserves. 

Rainbow Mountain Property 

Acquisition of Interest 

In autumn of 2018, after conducting initial reconnaissance
of the Rainbow Mountain, the Company acquired the Rainbow Mountain Property, (referred to herein as the Rainbow Mountain Property, 
 Rainbow Mountain or the Property ). This early-stage exploration project was secured through staking and filing
the associated paperwork and fees with the BLM and County. Rainbow Mountain has been visited by directors and technical staff of the Company
several times in 2018, 2019, and 2020. 

13 

The Rainbow Mountain Property Location in Nevada 

14 

Description and Location of the Rainbow Mountain
Property 

The Rainbow Mountain gold project consisted of 81
unpatented lode claims totaling approximately 1,620 contiguous acres, located approximately 23 km southeast of Fallon, in the state of
Nevada. Access to the project area is by paved highway, followed by a short stretch of gravel road. 

The Property claims were held as unpatented federal
land claims administered under the Department of Interior, BLM. In order to acquire an unpatented mineral claim, the land must be open
to mineral entry. Federal law specifies that a claim must be located or staked and site boundaries be distinctly and clearly
marked to be readily identifiable on the ground in addition to filing the appropriate state and or federal documentation such as Location
Notice, Claim Map, Notice of Non-liability for Labor and Materials Furnished, Notice of Intent to Hold Mining Claims, Maintenance Fee
Payment and fees to secure the claim. The State may also establish additional requirements regarding the manner in which mining claims
and sites are located and recorded. An unpatented mining claim on U.S. government lands establishes a claim to the locatable minerals
(also referred to as stakeable minerals) on the land and the right of possession solely for mining purposes. No title to the land passes
to the claimant. If a proven economic mineral deposit is developed, provisions of federal mining laws permit owners of unpatented mining
claims to patent (to obtain title to) the claim. The Property surface estate and mineral rights are federally owned and subject to BLM
regulations. None of the Property claims have been legally surveyed. Although our legal access to unpatented Federal claims cannot be
denied, staking or operating a mining claim does not provide the claim holder exclusive rights to the surface resources (unless a right
was determined under Public Law 84-167), establish residency or block access to other users. Regulations managing the use and occupancy
of the public lands for development of locatable mineral deposits by limiting such use or occupancy to that which is reasonably incident
is found in 43 CFR 3715. These Regulations apply to public lands administered by the BLM. 

Geology of the Rainbow Mountain Property Area 

The claim area roughly encompassed nearly the full
extent of Rainbow Mountain, and specifically a prominent zone of northeast-striking faults which transect the central part of Rainbow
Mountain. This complex fault zone involves three discrete Tertiary volcanic units comprised of basalt, dacite, and olivine basalt. Individual
fault traces are well exposed locally and are often coincident with the contacts between the individual lithologic units. Many of the
fault traces exhibit prominent fault breccia and hydrothermal breccia, and surface samples of this material returned anomalous gold and
silver values up to 0.807 ppm and 1.6 ppm, respectively. 

Based on observations recorded during field reconnaissance,
individual hydrothermal veins along the faulted contacts range in thickness up to 1.5 m, with associated strike lengths of up to 1.7 km.
The Company postulated that this locally intense faulting, in conjunction with the associated anomalous assay values, is suggestive of
a potential epithermal vein system within the footwall of the greater Rainbow Fault zone. 

Exploration 

The Company conducted an exploration program to assess
the potential for economically viable mineralization. The exploration program was permitted by the BLM. The Company initiated drilling
in December of 2020. In light of the assay results of the drilling program, the Company opted to not renew the claims associated with
the Rainbow Mountain project. 

Item 3. Legal
Proceedings. 

There are no pending legal proceedings involving the
Company or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class
of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (the Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K require certain mine safety disclosures to be made by companies that operate
mines regulated under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. However, the requirements of the Act and Item 104 of Regulation
S-K do not apply as the Company does not engage in mining activities. Therefore, the Company is not required to make such disclosures. 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

CANADIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE CSE and OTCQB 

The Company s common stock is listed on the
Canadian Securities Exchange and also trades on the OTCQB market. Patriot s stock symbol is PGOL. 

The Company s common shares were approved for
listing on the CSE on May 9, 2017 under the symbol of PGOL and trades in Canadian dollars. Listing and disclosure documents
will be available at www.thecse.com. The average trade price on the CSE is .08 (CDN). 

Holders 

On December 31, 2022, there were approximately seventy-eight (78) holders
of record of the Company s common stock, not including shareholders who hold their shares in street name. 

Dividends 

The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends
on its common stock. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of its Board of Directors and will depend upon
its earnings levels, capital requirements, any restrictive loan covenants and other factors the Board considers relevant. 

Warrants or Options 

There were no warrants issued, exercised, cancelled
or expired during the year ending December 31, 2022. For further information, see Note 8 Warrants, in the financial statements
included in this 10-K filing. 

There were no stock options issued, exercised, cancelled
or expired during the year ending December 31, 2022. For further information, see Note 6 - Stock Options in the financial statements included
in this 10-K filing. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Set forth below is certain information as of December
31, 2022, the end of our most recently completed fiscal year, regarding equity compensation plans. 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 

2012 Stock Option Plan 

3,745,000 

0.10 

155,000 

2014 Stock Option Plan 

4,815,000 

0.10 

185,000 

2019 Stock Option Plan 

9,500,000 

16 

The following discussion describes material terms
of grants made pursuant to the stock option plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Pursuant to the 2012 and 2014 and 2019 Stock Option
Plans, grants of shares can be made to employees, officers, directors, consultants and independent contractors of non-qualified stock
options as well as stock options to employees that qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 Code ). The Plans are administered by the Option Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee ),
which has, subject to specified limitations, the full authority to grant options and establish the terms and conditions for vesting and
exercise thereof. Currently the Board of Directors functions as the Committee. 

In order to exercise an option granted under the Plans,
the optionee must pay the full exercise price of the shares being purchased. Payment may be made either: (i) in cash; or (ii) at the discretion
of the Committee, by delivering shares of common stock already owned by the optionee that have a fair market value equal to the applicable
exercise price; or (iii) with the approval of the Committee, with monies borrowed from us. 

Subject to the foregoing, the Committee has broad
discretion to describe the terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the Plans. The Committee may at any time discontinue
granting options under the Plans or otherwise suspend, amend or terminate the Plans and may make such modification of the terms and conditions
of such optionee s option as the Committee shall deem advisable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Securities. 

See Note 7 - Common Stock in the financial statements included
in this 10-K filing. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated Purchasers. 

There was no purchase of equity securities by the Company and affiliated
purchasers during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Stock Based Compensation 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Trevor Newton,
Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company opted to receive his director
fees in the form of restricted stock rather than cash. The restricted common stock is restricted for a period of three years following
the date of grant. He received 6,461,539 shares of restricted common stock for his three-year director term beginning January 1, 2022.
The shares were valued at 0.325 per share, for a total non-cash expense of 70,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, recorded as
Directors Fees Expense. The fees for 2023 2024 are recorded as Prepaid Expenses as of December 31, 2022, in the amount of 140,000. 

Item 6. Selected
Financial Data. 

A smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, is
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation. 

Overview 

As a natural resource exploration company, our focus
is to acquire, explore and develop natural resource properties which may host mineral reserves which may be economical to extract commercially.
With this in mind, we have identified and secured interests in mining claims with respect to properties in Nevada. Current cash on hand
is sufficient to fund planned operations for 2023 after payment of accounts payable outstanding at December 31, 2022. Our officers and
directors and advisors, attorneys and consultants will continue to be utilized to support all operations. 

17 

Plan of Operation 

During the twelve-month period ending December 31,
2022, we continued our evaluation work on our Vernal project and Windy Peak project. Our funds are sufficient to meet all planned activities
as outlined below. The Company expects the short and long-term funding of our operations going forward to be financed through existing
funds. 

We do not anticipate a change to our company staffing
levels. We remain focused on keeping the staff compliment, which currently consists of our three directors. Our staffing in no way hinders
our operations, as outsourcing of legal, accounting, and other operational duties is the most cost effective and efficient manner of conducting
the business of the Company. 

We do not anticipate any equipment purchases in the
twelve months ending December 31, 2023. 

Results of Operations 

The Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 compared
to the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had revenues of 1,786,040 and 1,737,707, respectively, resulting from the Moss royalty. We are currently exploring and developing
our properties and are actively reviewing new projects. 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 621,896 compared to net income of 152,340 for the year ended December 31, 2021, for an approximate 469,000 increase in net income.
The increase in the net income is primarily due to the 404,000 decrease of mineral costs. In addition, consulting expenses decreased
by 43,000. This was offset by an approximate 50,000 increase in general and administrative expenses. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, mineral
and exploration expenses were 101,366 and 505,788, respectively, for an approximate 404,000 decrease. The decrease is primarily due
to a decrease of 281,000 expenditures on the Windy Peak project and a decrease of 123,000 expenditures on the Rainbow Mountain project. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, general
and administrative expenses were 270,969 and 220,939, respectively, for an approximate 50,000 increase, primarily due to an increase
in legal fees. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other
income (expense) was (75,578) and 107,277), respectively. The change in other income (expense) is due to an approximated 27,000 decrease
in unrealized holding losses on marketable securities. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We had total assets of 4,212,625 at December 31,
2022 consisting primarily of 2,157,336 of cash and 36,104 of marketable securities. We had total liabilities of 222,428 at December
31, 2022, consisting primarily of accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

We anticipate that we will incur the following during
the year ended December 31, 2023: 

1,000,000 for operating expenses, including working capital and general, legal, accounting and administrative expenses associated with reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and compliance with Canadian regulatory authorities. 

Cash provided by operations was 1,192,176 and 293,234
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 899,000 increase in cash provided by operations was primarily due to
the change in the royalties receivable account and the accounts payable and accrued liabilities accounts. 

18 

There were no cash provided by (used in) investing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Financing activities during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 used cash of 452,500 and 0, respectively, from the re-purchase and cancellation of common stock. 

Management estimates that the Company will not need
additional funding for the next twelve months. 

We currently have no agreements, arrangements or understandings
with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

A smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10
of Regulation S-K, is not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 8. Financial
Statements. 

The financial statements are set forth immediately
preceding the signature page beginning with page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, under supervision and with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(e). Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

19 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only
provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and financial statement preparation and presentation. In
addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls become inadequate because
of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment, management used the criteria issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission s (COSO) 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on its
assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective. 

As defined by Auditing Standard No. 5, An Audit
of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting that is Integrated with an Audit of Financial Statements and Related Independence Rule and
Conforming Amendments, established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), a material weakness
is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In connection with the assessment described above, management concluded
the Company does not have control deficiencies that represent material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to permanent rules
of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As of December 31, 2022 and to date, management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and based upon that evaluation, they concluded the internal controls
and procedures were effective. During the course of their evaluation, we did not discover any fraud involving management or any other
personnel who play a significant role in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting. 

We believe that our financial statements contained
in our Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows for the years covered thereby in all material respects. We are committed to improving our financial organization. We will continue
to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on
an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements as necessary. 

Item 9B. Other
Information. 

None. 

20 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Officers 

All Directors of our Company hold office until the
next applicable vote of the stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. The Officers of our Company are appointed
by our Board of Directors and hold office until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Our Directors, Executive Officers
and other significant employees, their ages, positions held and duration each person has held that position, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position Held with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Appointed 
 
 Robert Coale (1) 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 82 
 
 October 13, 2005 
 
 Trevor Newton (2) 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary Treasurer, and Director 
 
 53 
 
 October 9, 2014 
 
 Zachary Black (3) 
 
 Director 
 
 42 
 
 July 18, 2016 

(1) 
 Mr. Coale was initially appointed as a Director on June 23, 2003. On September 12, 2008 Mr. Coale resigned as an officer of the Company but remained a Director. Subsequently, on October 18, 2010, Mr. Coale was reappointed as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and resigned these positions on May 27, 2016 where he was simultaneously appointed as Chairman of the Board. 

(2) 
 Mr. Newton was appointed as Director on October 9, 2014. On May 27, 2016, Mr. Newton was elected as CEO, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. 

(3) 
 Mr. Black was appointed Director on July 18, 2016. 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account of the education
and business experience of each director, executive officer and key employee during at least the past five years, indicating each person s
principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which he was employed. 

Robert Coale has been a Director since June
2003 and served as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer for two terms: (i) October 2005 to September 2008;
and (ii) October 18, 2010 to May 27, 2016. Mr. Coale has over 60 years of resource related business and management experience and is currently
an independent consulting engineer specializing in property evaluation, permitting, and mineral processing and assisting fleets in transitioning
from diesel and gasoline fuels to compressed and liquefied natural gas, hydrogen, and electricity. Mr. Coale is also a past Technical
Advisor for Premium Exploration Inc. and a past Director of Francisco Gold Corporation and past Technical Advisor to Andean American Gold
Corp. Mr. Coale holds two degrees in Engineering (1963 - MetE. - Colorado School of Mines, 1971 - MSc. - University of the Witwatersrand
in South Africa) as well as an MBA from the University of Minnesota (1982). 

Trevor Newton is President of Patriot Gold
Corp. Mr. Newton is founder of the Company and has been involved in the development of the Company from its initial land acquisitions
and discovery stages through to the present. He has assisted the Company by establishing its corporate focus, assembling its team and
helping advance its core projects. Mr. Newton's corporate experience has primarily been in the resource sector where he has assisted private
and public companies in their financing, project acquisition, and development. Mr. Newton is also Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, President, Secretary and Director of Strata Power Corp. Mr. Newton has a B.Sc. in Economics from the University of Victoria and
an M.A. in Economics from Simon Fraser University. 

21 

Zachary Black is a Resource Geologist with
15 plus years of experience in mining operations, geological exploration projects, consulting, database management, geotechnical engineering,
project management and project engineering. Mr. Black has conducted professionally recognized, innovative work in geo-statistical modelling,
and routinely provides his expertise to the mineral industry with regard to geologic modelling, geo-statistical evaluation, mineral resource
estimation, and exploration program design and support. He is a Society for Mining, Metallurgy Exploration Registered Member and
is recognized as a Qualified Person for exploration, geology, and mineral resource estimation according to the Canadian National Instrument
43-101 (NI 43-101). Mr. Black has participated in mineral resource projects at many levels of project development, from early exploration
through bankable feasibility studies, and has assisted in the preparation of numerous NI 43-101 compliant technical reports. He has conducted
site investigations, geologic field mapping and sampling, and data verification as an independent QP for a variety of gold, silver, and
multiple commodity projects throughout the world. Mr. Black earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Geological Engineering from the University
of Nevada. 

There are no family relationships among our directors
or officers. None of our Directors or Officers have been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last five
years. We are not aware of any proceedings to which any of our officers or directors, or any associate of our officers or directors,
is a party adverse to our company or has a material interest adverse to it. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert . 

Currently, the Board of Directors functions as the
audit committee. The Board of Directors does not have an audit committee financial expert. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance . 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
requires officers and directors of the Company and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in their ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and forward
copies of such filings to the Company. During the most recent fiscal year, the Company is not aware that any director, officer, and beneficial
owner of more than ten percent of the equity securities of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act has failed
to file such forms on a timely basis. 

Code of Ethics . 

The Company has not adopted a Code of Ethics due to
the size and limited resources of the Company. 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation. 

Summary Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation paid or earned during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for services rendered to our Company in all capacities
by the following persons: (i) all individuals who served as the principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during the
year ended December 31, 2022, regardless of compensation level; (ii) all individuals who served as officers at December 31, 2022 and whose
total compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022 exceeded 100,000; and (iii) up to two additional individuals who served as
officers during the year ended December 31, 2022 and whose total compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022 exceeded 100,000,
regardless of whether they were serving as officers at the end of such fiscal year. 

22 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and principal position 
(a) 
 
 Year 
(b) 
 
 Salary ) 
(c) 
 
 Bonus ) 
(d) 
 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
(e) 
 
 Option Awards ) 
(f) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
(g) 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
(h) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 
(i) 
 
 Total ) 
(j) 

Trevor Newton 
 
 2022 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 70,000 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 383,416 
 
 453,416 

2021 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 70,000 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 391,176 
 
 461,176 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The table set forth below presents certain information
concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer above outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
(a) 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
(#) 
Exercisable 
(b) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
(#) 
Unexercisable 
(c) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan Awards: 
Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
(#) 
(d) 
 
 Option Exercise 
Price ) 
(e) 
 
 Option 
Expiration 
Date 
(f) 
 
 Number 
of Shares 
or Units of Stock That Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 
(g) 
 
 Market 
Value 
of Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested ) 
(h) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of Unearned Shares, 
Units 
or Other 
Rights That Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 
(i) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or Payout 
Value of Unearned Shares, 
Units 
or Other 
Rights That Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 
(j) 

Trevor Newton 
 
 1,250,000 
 
 (1) 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0.10 
 
 December 24, 2025 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Trevor Newton 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 (2) 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0.10 
 
 September 5, 2027 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Trevor Newton 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 (3) 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0.10 
 
 February 15, 2028 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Trevor Newton 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 (4) 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0.10 
 
 December 10, 2030 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

(1) 
 On December 24, 2015 Mr. Newton was granted the right to purchase 1,250,000 common shares at an exercise price of 0.10 per option pursuant to the 2014 Plan. The 0.10 options vested immediately and had a fair market value at issuance of 84,152. 

(2) 
 On September 5, 2017, Mr. Newton was granted the right to purchase 1,000,000 common shares at an exercise price of 0.10 per option pursuant to the 2014 Plan. The 0.10 options vested immediately and had a fair market value at issuance of 80,100. 

(3) 
 On February 15, 2018, Mr. Newton was granted the right to purchase 1,000,000 common shares at an exercise price of 0.10 per option pursuant to the 2014 Plan. The 0.10 options vested immediately and had a fair market value at issuance of 77,500. 

(4) 
 On December 10, 2020, Mr. Newton was granted the right to purchase 2,000,000 common shares at an exercise price of 0.10 per option pursuant to the 2012 Plan. The 0.10 options vested immediately and had a fair market value at issuance of 216,000. 

23 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation
paid or earned during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for services rendered by the Directors. 

Name 
 
 Fees earned 
or paid 
in cash ) 
 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) (4) 
 
 Total ) 

Robert Coale (1) 

70,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

70,000 

Trevor Newton (2) 

0 

70,000 

0 

0 

0 

383,416 

453,416 

Zachary Black (3) 

70,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2,842 

72,842 

(1) 
 Mr. Coale was originally appointed as a Director on June 23, 2003. On September 12, 2008 Mr. Coale resigned as an officer of the Company but remained a Director. Subsequently, on October 18, 2010, Mr. Coale was reappointed as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and resigned these positions on May 27, 2016 where he was simultaneously appointed as Chairman of the Board. 

(2) 
 Mr. Newton was appointed as Director on October 9, 2014. On May 27, 2016, Mr. Newton was appointed as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and remains a Director. 

(3) 
 Mr. Black was appointed Director on July 18, 2016. 

(4) 
 Cash payments for consulting and other services. 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table lists, as of December 31, 2022,
the number of shares of common and preferred stock of the Company beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to the Company
to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of the Company; and (iii) all
officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management
is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting
power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or
direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right
to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed
to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she
may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 

24 

The percentages below are calculated based upon 77,841,893
outstanding common shares and 290,000 outstanding Series A preferred shares as of December 31, 2022, which does not include vested options
and warrants. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage 
 of Class 

Robert D. Coale 
 
 Common Stock 

731,250 
 
 (1) 

0.9 

Trevor Newton 
 
 Common 

26,383,039 
 
 (2) 

33.9 

Series A Preferred Stock 

290,000 

100 

Zachary Black 
 
 Common Stock 

500,000 
 
 (3) 

0.6 

Directors and Officers as a Group Common Stock (3 individuals) 
 
 Common Stock 

27,614,289 

35.5 

Directors and Officers as a Group Series A Preferred Stock (3 individuals) 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

290,000 

100 

Ron Daems 
 
 Common Stock 

9,600,000 

12.3 

(1) 
 Does not include 350,000 vested options pursuant to the 2012 Plan to purchase common stock at a purchase price of 0.10 per share and 750,000 vested options pursuant to the 2014 Plan to purchase common stock at a purchase price of 0.10 per share. 

(2) 
 Does not include 3,000,000 vested options pursuant to the 2012 Plan to purchase common stock at a purchase price of 0.10 per share, 2,250,000 vested options pursuant to the 2014 Plan to purchase common stock at a purchase price of 0.10 per share and 9,940,000 vested warrants. Also exclude 320,000 shares that have not yet been issued from a warrant exercise in 2020. 

(3) 
 Does not include 1,225,000 vested options pursuant to the 2014 Plan to purchase common stock at a purchase price of 0.10 per share. 

Shareholder Agreements 

We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement the operation of which
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our Company. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Information regarding our equity compensation plans
is set forth above under Part II, Item 5. 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Party Transactions 

See Note 11 - Related Party Transactions in the notes
to the consolidated financial statements included in this 10-K filing. 

Director Independence 

We are not subject to the listing requirements of
any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our board
comprised of a majority of independent directors. 

25 

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services. 

Fees Billed by Independent Public Accountants 

Aggregate fees billed and expected to be billed for
professional services by Fruci Associates II, PLLC, our independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of our consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is set forth below. 

Year ending December 31, 2022 
 Year ending December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 30,825 
 28,025 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 617 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 

All of the principal accounting fees and services
were approved by the Board of Directors, currently acting in place of the Audit Committee in accordance with the By-Laws of the Company. 

26 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT 
 NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Registrant s Restated Articles of Incorporation. (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 By-Laws of Registrant. (1) 
 
 10.22 
 
 2012 Stock Option Plan (3) 
 
 10.23 
 
 2014 Stock Option Plan (4) 
 
 10.24 
 
 2019 Stock Option Plan (5) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Fruci Associates Consent 
 
 31 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d14(a) Certifications (attached hereto) 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications (attached hereto) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instances Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

(1) Previously filed with the Company s Form
10SB12g submitted to the SEC on June 25, 2001, SEC file number 0-32919. 

(2) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
Information Statement submitted to the SEC on May 21, 2003. 

(3) Previously filed as Exhibit 5.1 to the Company s
Form S-8 filed on July 20, 2012 File Number 333-182787. 

(4) Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
Form S-8 filed on September 19, 2014 File Number 333-198833. 

(5) Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
Form S-8 filed on July 3, 2019 File Number 333-232546. 

27 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Patriot
Gold Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Patriot Gold Corp. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Valuation of Allowance on Royalty Receivable 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter 

As stated in Note
4 in financial statements, the Company has royalty interests in a mine in Arizona. The balance is considered significant to the overall
financial statements and requires auditor judgement for an appropriate valuation. Auditing management s analysis includes tests
that are complex and highly judgmental due to the valuation required to determine the collectability of outstanding balances. These are
significant assumptions and factors such as expectations about future market and economic conditions and historical operating results,
among others. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management s
valuation of allowance on royalty receivables consisted of the following, among others: 

1. Obtained and tested management s procedures and analysis including the accuracy and completeness
of the underlying schedules. 
 
 2. Obtained and reviewed agreements regarding collection of royalty receivables and assessed reasonableness of management s conclusion
for collectability. 
 
 3. Tested collections during current subsequent periods and confirmed outstanding royalty receivables. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 21, 2023 

F- 2 

PATRIOT GOLD CORP . 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Marketable securities 

Royalty receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets: 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series A Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock shares) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common shares to be issued 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PATRIOT GOLD CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Expenses: 

Mineral costs 

Consulting expense 

Directors fees 

General and administrative 

Total operating expense 

Net income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Unrealized holding gain (loss) on marketable securities 

Currency exchange 

Other miscellaneous income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Income before taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) (see Note 10) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive income 

Earnings per share, basic and diluted: 

Income per common share - basic 

Income per common share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PATRIOT GOLD CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A 

Common 
 
 Accumulated 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 Shares 
 Additional 
 Other 

Par 
 
 Par 
 Treasury 
 To be 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Stock 
 Issued 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Stock Re-Purchase 

Stock Issuance 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PATRIOT GOLD CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Fair value adjustment for marketable securities 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Royalties receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities related parties 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net cash flows provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Purchase and cancellation of stock 

Net cash flows used in financing activities 

Foreign exchange effect on cash 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Issuance of restricted stock for prepaid director fees 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PATRIOT GOLD CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

allowance recorded. 

and
 in excess of the FDIC and CDIC insured limits, respectively. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares, basic 

Effect of dilutive shares: 

Incremental shares from the assumed exercise of dilutive stock warrants 

Weighted-average shares diluted 

Net income per common share, basic 

Net income per common share, diluted 

The following were excluded from the computation of
diluted shares outstanding as the exercise price exceeds the average stock closing price for the respective periods: 

Stock warrants 

Total 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
by level within the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

of net smelter returns (see Note 3) and recognizes revenue at the time minerals are produced
and sold at the Moss Mine. The Company s revenue recognition policy standards include the following elements under ASU 606: 

1. 
 Identify the contract with the customer. The contract with Golden Vertex is documented in the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated 5/12/16 and the Royalty Deed dated 5/25/16. 

2. 
 Identify the performance obligations in the contract. The performance obligation in the contract required Patriot to relinquish its 30 interest in the Moss Mine. The Company conveyed all of its right, title and interest in those certain patented and unpatented lode mining claims situated in the Oatman Mining District, Mohave County, Arizona together with all extralateral and other associated rights, water rights, tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging or appertaining thereto, and all rights-of-way, easements, rights of access and ingress to and egress from the claims appurtenant thereto, and in which the Company had any interest. 

3. 
 Determine the transaction price. The transaction price was C 1,500,000 plus 3 of the Net Smelter Returns on the future production of the Moss Mine. See Note 3 for definition of Net Smelter Returns. 

4. 
 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. The Company only has one performance obligation, the transfer of the rights to the Moss Mine, which has already been fulfilled. 

5. 
 Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The C 1,500,000 was recognized as a sale of the mining rights in 2016, resulting in a gain from the disposition of the property. The 3 net smelter returns royalty are recognized as revenue in the period that Golden Vertex produces and sells minerals from the Moss Mine, which began in March 2018. The royalties that have been received to date have been highly variable, as the amounts are dependent upon the monthly production, the demand of the buyers, the spot price of gold and silver, the costs associated with refining and transporting the product, etc. As such, management has determined that the revenue recognition shall be treated as variable consideration as defined in ASC 606. Variable consideration should only be recognized to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Given the fact that royalties to date have been highly variable with a great degree of uncertainty, and any attempts to estimate future revenue would likely result in a significant reversal of revenue, royalty revenue will be recognized when payments and settlement statements are received from Golden Vertex, in the period for which the sales were made by Golden Vertex. It is at that time that any uncertainty related to royalty payments is resolved. The Company applied ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method applied to contracts not yet completed as of the date of adoption. 

unpatented mining claims
(approximately acres). The Company has a 100 interest in the Vernal property, subject to an existing royalty. As of December 31,
2022, the Company has incurred approximately of accumulated option and exploration expenses on the Vernal property. During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred exploration expenses on the Vernal property. 

Moss Mine Property 

In 2004, the Company obtained a 100 interest in a
number of patented and unpatented mining claims known as the Moss Mine property located in the Oatman Mining District of Mohave county
Arizona. In 2011, the Company entered into an Exploration and Option to Enter Joint Venture Agreement (the Moss Agreement ),
with Idaho State Gold Company, LLC, ISGC whereby the Company granted the option and right to earn a vested seventy percent
(70 interest in the property and the right and option to form a joint venture for the management and ownership of the properties called
the Moss Mine, Mohave County, Arizona. Subsequently, ISGC transferred its rights to Elevation Gold Mining Corporation. Elevation ),
formerly known as Northern Vertex Mining Corporation. In 2016, it was determined that Northern Vertex had met the required conditions
to earn an undivided 70 interest in the Moss Mine. As such, the Company entered into a material definitive Agreement for Purchase and
Sale of Mining Claims and Escrow Instructions (the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Golden Vertex Corp., an Arizona corporation Golden Vertex, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Northern Vertex) whereby Golden Vertex agreed to purchase the Company s
remaining 30 working interest in the Moss Mine for 1,155,600 (C 1,500,000) plus a 3 net smelter return royalty. See Note 4 for additional
information regarding the royalty from the Moss Mine. 

Windy Peak Property 

The Windy Peak Property, Windy Peak consists of unpatented mineral claims covering approximately acres, 3 miles NNE of the Bell Mountain and 7 miles east of the
Fairview mining district in southwest Nevada. Annual maintenance fees paid to the BLM and recording fees must be paid to the respective
county on or before September 1 of each year to keep the claims in good standing, provided the filings are kept current these claims can
be kept in perpetuity. As of December 31, 2022, the company has incurred approximately of exploration expenses on the Windy
Peak Property, and and were spent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Rainbow Mountain Property 

The Rainbow Mountain gold project consisted of 
unpatented lode claims totaling approximately contiguous acres, located approximately 23 km southeast of Fallon, in the state of
Nevada. In August, 2021, the Company relinquished these claims to the BLM and have completed the required reclamation work. As a result,
the Company has requested a refund of its reclamation deposit of and anticipates receiving this refund once the BLM has inspected
and approved the reclamation work. 

As of December 31, 2022, the company has incurred
approximately of fees and exploration expenses on the Rainbow Mountain Property, and and were spent for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

net smelter return royalty on the Moss Mine in Arizona. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company earned royalties of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Royalties Receivables
of and , respectively. 

Pursuant to the Bruner Purchase and Sale Agreement
with Canamex Resources Buyer dated April 25, 2017, the Company has a net smelter return NSR royalty
on the Bruner Gold/Silver mine in Nevada, including any claims acquired within a two-mile area of interest around the existing claims.
The Buyer had the option to buy-down half of the NSR royalty retained by Patriot for 5 million any time during a five-year period following
closing of the purchase and sale agreement. As of December 31, 2022, royalties have yet been earned. 

In March 2019, the Company purchased a Vanadium Oxide
royalty interest from a related party. In exchange for a non-refundable payment of , the Company is to receive royalties based
on the gross production of Vanadium Oxide Vanadium from a bitumen deposit covering 19 oil sands leases in Alberta. For
each barrel of bitumen produced from the specified oil sands until March 21, 2039, or upon termination of mining, whichever is earlier,
the Company is to be paid a royalty equal to 25 grams of Vanadium per barrel of bitumen produced, multiplied by the price of Vanadium
Pentoxide 98 min in-warehouse Rotterdam published on the last business day of the month in which the gross production of bitumen occurred.
While management believes the royalty interest continues to have value, there is no defined timeline to begin production of Vanadium and
as such, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has fully impaired the royalty asset. 

compensation costs charged against those plans
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The 2019 Plan, the 2014 Plan, and the 2012 Plan reserve
and make available for grant common stock shares of up to , , and , respectively. No option can be granted
under the plans 10 years after the plan inception date. 

Options granted to officers or employees under the
plans may be incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options. Options granted to directors, consultants, and independent contractors
are limited to non-qualified stock options. 

The plans are administered by the Board of Directors
or a committee designated by the Board of Directors. Subject to specified limitations, the Board of Directors or the Committee has full
authority to grant options and establish the terms and conditions for vesting and exercise thereof. However, the aggregate fair market
value (determined at the time the option is granted) of the shares with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable for the
first time by an optionee during any calendar year cannot exceed . 

Options granted pursuant to the plans are exercisable
no later than ten years after the date of grant. The exercise price per share of common stock for options granted shall be determined
by the Board of Directors or the designated committee, except for incentive stock options granted to a holder of ten percent or more of
Patriot's common stock, for whom the exercise price per share will not be less than 110 of the fair market value. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were , and shares
available for grant under the 2019 Plan, 2014 Plan and 2012 Stock Option Plan, respectively. 

Stock Option Activity 

The fair value of each stock option is estimated at
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. No options were granted in 2022 or 2021. Assumptions regarding volatility,
expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate are required for the Black-Scholes model. The volatility assumption is based
on the Company s historical experience. The risk-free interest rate is based on a U.S. treasury note with a maturity similar to
the option award s expected life. The expected life represents the average period of time that options granted are expected to be
outstanding. 

The following table summarizes stock option activity and related information
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Option granted 

Options cancelled / expired 

Options exercised 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Option granted 

Options cancelled / expired 

Options exercised 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The were unvested stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. The Company issues new stock when options are exercised. 

shares of
 par value common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of common shares outstanding. Some of these outstanding
shares were granted as payment for services provided to the Company and are restricted. T he restricted
common stock is restricted for a period of three years following the date of grant. During the three-year period the recipient may not
sell or otherwise dispose of the shares. The Company has applied a discount for illiquidity to the price of the Company s
stock when determining the amount of expense to be recorded for the Restricted Common Stock issuance. The discount for illiquidity for
the Restricted Common Stock was estimated on the date of grant by taking the average close price of the freely traded common shares for
the period in which the services were provided and applying an illiquidity discount of 10 for each multiple that the total Restricted
Common Stock is of the average daily volume for the period, to a maximum of 50 . 

In 2022, Trevor Newton opted to receive his director
fees for 2022 2024 in the form of shares in lieu of cash. See Note 11 for further details. 

On June 25, 2022, the Board of Directors approved
the re-purchase and cancellation of shares at per share for an aggregate price of . 

On August 15, 2022, the Board of Directors approved
Amended Bylaws of the Company (the Amended Bylaws ). The Amended Bylaws, which were adopted effective as of August 15, 2022,
allows that the shares of the Company be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under Nevada law, and shall be entered in the books
of the corporation and recorded as they are issued. A complete copy of the Company's Amended Bylaws, which includes the language modified
in Article II, is attached to this report as Exhibit 3. 

Issued 

Canceled / exercised 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Canceled / exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

In 2022, of warrants were set to expire. The expiration dates for
these warrants have been extended ten years, until 2032. 

In April 2019, warrants for shares were exercised in exchange
for a note receivable for . As a result of this transaction, the shareholder is now considered a beneficial owner (see Note 11
 Related Party Transactions). The note is non-interest bearing and can be repaid at any time with 15 days advance notice to the
Company. As this note remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with ASC 505-10-45-2, it has been reclassified as a reduction
of Additional Paid-In Capital. 

The following tables summarizes outstanding warrants as of December 31,
2022, all of which are exercisable: 

0.09 - 0.14 

0.15 - 0.21 

Total Outstanding December 31, 2021 

shares
of Series A preferred stock outstanding, owned by a related party. The holders of the Series A Preferred stock shall be entitled to receive
non-cumulative dividends in preference to the declaration or payments of dividends on the Common Stock. In the event of liquidation of
the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall receive any accrued and unpaid dividends before distribution or payments
to the holders of the Common Stock. Series A Preferred Stock carries the same right to vote and act as Common stock, except that it carries
super-voting rights entitling it to One Hundred (100) votes per share. 

that may be offset against future taxable income. The carryforwards that were generated prior to
2018 begin expiring in 2024 and unless utilized, will continue to expire. Beginning in 2018, net operating losses can be carried forward
indefinitely, however they can only be utilized to offset up to 80 of taxable income. 

Current tax laws limit the amount of loss available
to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore, the amount available to offset future
taxable income may be limited. 

The Company periodically assesses available positive
and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not the deferred tax asset will be realized. Realization of a deferred
tax asset requires management to apply significant judgment and is inherently speculative because it requires estimates that cannot be
made with certainty. Prior to 2020, no tax benefit had been reported in the financial statements, because the Company had experienced
consistent, significant net losses and as such, believed there was a 50 or greater chance the carryforwards would expire unused. Accordingly,
the potential tax benefits of the loss carryforwards were offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. However, as the royalty
revenue from the Moss Mine has become consistent and the Company posted positive earnings in recent years, the NOLs have begun to be utilized.
While it is unclear whether future years will produce enough net income to fully utilize all of the deferred tax assets, management no
longer believes that there is a 50 or greater chance that all of the carryforwards will expire unused. 

Deferred tax assets of the Company are as follows: 

Stock compensation expense 

Mineral property amortization 

Deferred tax asset 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset recognized 

The provision for income taxes differs from the amount
computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of to net loss for the year. The sources and tax effect of the differences
are as follows: 

Permanent differences 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

With few exceptions, the Company is generally no longer subject to U.S.
federal, state, local or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018. 

and , respectively. 

Mr. Robert Coale, a Board Member, provides geological
consulting services to the Company pursuant to a consulting agreement. He is paid on an hourly basis for his services and reimbursed
for his out-of-pocket expenses in performing such consulting services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were consulting
expenses. 

Mr. Trevor Newton, Chief Executive Officer, President,
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company, provides consulting services to the Company pursuant to a consulting
agreement. He is paid on an hourly basis for his services and reimbursed for his out-of-pocket expenses in performing such consulting
services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Newton was paid fees in the amount of and , respectively. 

In April 2019, an unrelated third party exercised
warrants for shares in exchange for a note receivable for . As a result of this transaction, the owner of the stock
is now a related party. The note is non-interest bearing and can be repaid at any time with 15 days advance notice to the Company. As
this note remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with ASC 505-10-45-2, it was reclassified as a reduction of Additional
Paid-In Capital. In addition, this shareholder provides consulting services to the company including claims administration of the Moss
Mine royalties. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, consulting fees were paid in the amount of and , respectively. 

Board members are paid fees of 
per calendar year. Each director term is three years. In lieu of cash, Mr. Newton opted to receive his director fees for 2022 -
2024 in restricted shares of the Company, totaling 
shares. The shares were valued at for total non-cash expense of for the year ended December 31, 2022, recorded as
Directors Fees Expense. The fees for 2023 - 2024 are recorded as Prepaid Expenses as of December 31, 2022, in the amount of
 . 

The Company owns shares of common stock
of Strata Power Corporation Strata ), acquired through a series of private placements, as an investment in lithium mining
extraction technologies. The purchase was accounted for as a marketable security in available for sale securities. Strata is a related
party through Trevor Newton, who is President and a member the Board of Directors of both Patriot and Strata. Management has considered
the guidance that is used to evaluate whether the Company has significant influence over Strata and has determined that no such significant
influence exists. 

F- 19 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

PATRIOT GOLD CORP. 

Dated: March 21, 2023 
 By: /s/ Trevor Newton 

Name: Trevor Newton 

Title: President 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Trevor Newton 
 Trevor Newton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 21, 2023 

/s/ Robert Coale 
 Robert Coale 
 
 Director 
 
 March 21, 2023 

/s/ Zachary Black 
 Zachary Black 
 
 Director 
 
 March 21, 2023 

28 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 patriot_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-232546) of our audit report dated March 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance
sheets of Patriot Gold Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Fruci Associates II, PLLC 

Spokane, Washington 

 March 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 3
 patriot_ex3100.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Trevor Newton, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 21, 2023 

/s/ Trevor Newton 

 Name: Trevor Newton 

 Title: President 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 patriot_ex3200.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Trevor Newton, Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer
and Director of Patriot Gold Corp. (the Company certifies, under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 21, 2023 

By: /s/ Trevor Newton 

 Name: Trevor Newton 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary,
Treasurer and Director 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Patriot Gold Corp. and will be retained by Patriot Gold Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pgol-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pgol-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pgol-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pgol-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

