<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1430306_0001387131-23-003377.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7650463</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>634866</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1342223</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2267504</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1543065</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1617851</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-23-003377.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313172518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-23-003377
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001430306
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				261434750
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36019
		FILM NUMBER:		23728290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 MAIN STREET, SUITE 101
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-980-9155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 MAIN STREET, SUITE 101
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TAMANDARE EXPLORATIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-23-003377.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 tnxp-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other
 jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer
 Identification No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address of
 principal executive office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 

Trading Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The 
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and an emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing sales price of the
common stock as quoted on The NASDAQ Global Market was .
For purposes of this computation, all officers and directors are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed an admission
that such directors, officers, or 5 percent beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As
of March 13, 2023, there were 
 shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 57 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 57 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosures 
 57 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for
 Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 58 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 69 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 F-24 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in
 and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 70 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 70 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 70 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 70 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 75 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 83 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 84 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 84 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 

Signatures 
 88 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 - BUSINESS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words
such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, 
 estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are
not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally,
statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our Management, such statements can only
be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically
addressed under the heading Risks Factors below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). You can read and copy any materials we
file or will file with the SEC, which, among other places, can be found on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov, as well as on
our corporate website at www.tonixpharma.com). 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Tonix
Pharmaceuticals , Tonmya , Protectic , Angstro-Technology and other trademarks and intellectual
property of ours appearing in this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks of other companies.
We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of
us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. 

Business
Overview 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on developing therapeutics and vaccines to treat and prevent human disease and alleviate suffering. We have a rich pipeline
of products in development that has been curated from internal discovery, as well as licenses, acquisitions and collaborations with academic
institutions and contract research organizations. We continue to build capabilities in synthetic biology, precision medicine, protein
engineering, medicinal chemistry, molecular biology, pharmacogenomics and clinical-scale manufacturing. Our therapeutics under development
include both small molecules and biologics. 

Our portfolio consists of central nervous system, or CNS, rare disease,
immunology, and infectious disease product candidates. The CNS portfolio includes small molecules and biologics to treat pain, neurologic,
psychiatric and addiction conditions. Our rare disease portfolio focuses on developing novel therapies for patients with rare diseases,
including those caused by genetic disorders which are characterized by complex symptoms and for which no drug is approved. Our immunology
portfolio includes biologics to address organ transplant rejection, autoimmune diseases and cancer. Our infectious disease portfolio includes
a vaccine in development to prevent smallpox and mpox (formerly known as monkeypox), next-generation vaccines to prevent COVID-19, a platform
to make fully human monoclonal antibodies, or mAbs, to treat COVID-19 and humanized anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs. Our vaccine in development to
prevent smallpox and mpox also serves as the live virus vaccine platform or recombinant pox vaccine (RPV) platform for other infectious
diseases. 

Our
latest stage CNS product candidate is TNX-102 SL , a proprietary sublingual tablet formulation of cyclobenzaprine (CBP) designed for
bedtime administration. TNX-102 SL has active INDs for fibromyalgia, or FM, FM-type Long COVID or PASC (post-acute sequelae of
SARS-CoV-2 infection), posttraumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, agitation in Alzheimer s disease, or AAD, and alcohol use
disorder, or AUD. 

TNX-102
SL is in mid-Phase 3 development for the management of FM, a pain disorder characterized by chronic widespread pain, non-restorative
sleep, fatigue and impaired cognition. In December 2020, we reported positive results from the Phase 3 RELIEF study of TNX-102 SL
5.6 mg for the management of FM. In July 2021, we reported pre-planned interim analysis results from a second Phase 3 study, RALLY.
Based on the recommendation from the independent data monitoring committee (IDMC) that the RALLY trial was unlikely to demonstrate a
statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint, we stopped enrollment of new participants but allowed those
participants who were already enrolled to complete the study. We reported topline data from the completed study in March of 2022. As
expected, based on interim analysis results, TNX-102 SL did not achieve statistical significance over placebo on the primary endpoint
of reduction in daily pain, and relative to the previous positive Phase 3 Study (RELIEF), RALLY had an unexpected increase in study
participant adverse event-related discontinuations in both drug and placebo groups. In April 2022, we started a new potentially
confirmatory Phase 3 study of TNX-102 SL in FM, RESILIENT. Interim analysis results are expected in the second quarter of 2023 and
topline results are expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. Following a positive outcome of the RESILIENT study, Tonix believes we
would be positioned to file a New Drug Application (NDA) for TNX-102 SL for the management of FM. 

TNX-102 SL is also
being developed as a potential treatment for a type of Long COVID, the symptoms of which overlap with FM, that we term FM-type
Long COVID. We initiated enrollment in the Phase 2 study PREVAIL, in August 2022. The primary endpoint is a change in daily pain
scores from baseline. 

For TNX-102 SL in PTSD,
we completed the Phase 3 RECOVERY trial and reported topline results in the fourth quarter of 2020 in which TNX-102 SL did not
meet the primary efficacy endpoint. PTSD is a serious psychiatric condition that develops in response to experiencing a traumatic
event. We subsequently completed a meeting with the FDA to discuss potential new endpoints going forward for the indication of
treatment of PTSD. Future studies will employ the one month look-back CAPS-5 as the primary endpoint rather than the one week look-back
as used in prior studies. 

3 

The
AAD program is Phase 2 ready with an active IND and FDA Fast Track designation. AAD, which includes emotional lability, restlessness,
irritability, and aggression, is one of the most distressing and debilitating of the behavioral complications of Alzheimer s disease.
Tonix does not have any near-term plans to start a Phase 2 study in AAD. 

The
AUD program is also Phase 2 ready with an active IND. AUD is a chronic relapsing brain disease characterized by compulsive alcohol use,
loss of control over alcohol intake, and a negative emotional state when not using alcohol. Tonix does not have any near-term plans to
start a Phase 2 study in AUD. 

TNX-1900 (intranasal
potentiated oxytocin) is in development for the treatment of chronic migraine and obesity-associated binge eating disorder, or BED.
TNX-1900 was acquired from Trigemina, Inc. and licensed from Stanford University in 2020. The potentiated formulation includes
magnesium, which has been shown in animal studies to potentiate binding of oxytocin to the oxytocin receptor. We received IND
clearance from the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2021 to study TNX-1900 in chronic migraine and we initiated a Phase 2 study in
migraine in the first quarter of 2023. We expect interim analysis results from the first 50 percent of patients enrolled in the
fourth quarter of 2023. In March 2022, we announced an agreement with Massachusetts General Hospital, a teaching hospital of Harvard
Medical School, to conduct an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial to study TNX-1900 in BED. The Phase 2 clinical trial is
expected to start in the second quarter of 2023. We do not own an IND for BED. We also licensed technology to use TNX-1900 for the
treatment of insulin resistance from the University of Geneva and also have rights to develop it as a treatment for craniofacial
pain, but we are not imminently pursuing clinical trials in either of these indications at this time. 

TNX-601 ER (tianeptine hemioxalate extended-release tablets) is a CNS
product candidate in development as a treatment for major depressive disorder, or depression, and with possible additional indications
of PTSD, and neurocognitive dysfunction associated with corticosteroid use. TNX-601 ER represents a novel approach to treating depression
in the U.S., since the active ingredient tianeptine induces a neuroprotective and resilient phenotype in both neurons and microglia under
conditions of stress in animals. The dramatic and unique effects of tianeptine are illustrated in animal models by the restoration of
dendritic arborization of pyramidal neurons of CA3 region of hippocampus and the dentate gyrus region new neuron formation and integration
into hippocampal networks. In contrast, antidepressants that are marketed in the U.S. act by modulating the levels or receptor binding
of neurotransmitters in the synapse. We have completed a Phase 1 trial for formulation development outside of the U.S. We expect to initiate
a potentially pivotal Phase 2 study in the first quarter of 2023 for the treatment of major depressive disorder and we expect interim
analysis results from the first 50 percent of patients enrolled in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Another CNS candidate in development
is TNX-1300 (double-mutant cocaine esterase) which is in Phase 2 for the treatment of life-threatening cocaine intoxication. TNX-1300
has been granted Breakthrough Therapy designation, or BTD, by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. TNX-1300 was licensed from
Columbia University in 2019 after a Phase 2 study showed that it rapidly and efficiently disintegrates cocaine in the blood of volunteers
who received intravenous, or i.v., cocaine. In August of 2022, we received a Federal Grant from the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA)
to advance the development of TNX-1300 as a treatment for cocaine intoxication. We expect to initiate a potentially pivotal Phase 2 study
of TNX-1300 in emergency rooms in the second quarter of 2023. 

Finally,
our CNS pipeline includes TNX-1600 , an inhibitor of the reuptake of neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine, or a triple
reuptake inhibitor. TNX-1600 was licensed from Wayne State University in 2019 and is expected to be developed as a treatment for PTSD,
depression and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD. TNX-1600 is in the preclinical stage of development. 

Our rare disease portfolio
consists of TNX-2900 , another magnesium-potentiated intranasal oxytocin-based therapeutic in development for the treatment of Prader-Willi
syndrome, or PWS. The technology for TNX-2900 was licensed from Inserm, the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research.
PWS, an orphan condition, is a rare genetic disorder of failure to thrive in infancy, associated with uncontrolled appetite beginning
in childhood with complications of obesity and diabetes. We have sponsored a research program at Inserm to study oxytocin on suckling
behavior in mice that have been engineered to express one of the Prader-Willi genes. TNX-2900 has been granted Orphan-Drug Designation
for the treatment of PWS and is in the pre-IND stage of development. 

Our lead candidate
in the immunology pipeline is TNX-1500 , a humanized mAb, directed against CD40-ligand, or CD40L (also
known as CD154), engineered to modulate binding to Fc receptors, that is being developed as a prophylaxis against organ transplant
rejection as well as to treat autoimmune conditions. In experiments at the Massachusetts General Hospital or MGH, a teaching hospital
of Harvard Medical School, TNX-1500 is being studied as monotherapy or in combination with other immunosuppressive agents in heart
and kidney allogeneic organ transplants in non-human primates. Preliminary results from ongoing experiments in kidney and heart
transplants indicate that TNX-1500 appears to have comparable efficacy to historical experiments using the chimeric mouse/human
IgG1 version (5c8H1) of the anti-CD40L mAb 5c8. First generation anti-CD40L mAb therapies were associated with an increased risk
of blood clots or thrombosis. In the non-human primate studies with TNX-1500 for the prevention of rejection in allogeneic organ
transplants, no evidence of thrombosis has been observed so far. We expect to start a Phase 1 study of TNX-1500 in the second quarter
of 2023. TNX-1500 also is being studied in combination with other immunosuppressive agents in xenogeneic organ transplants in non-human
primates at MGH and at the University of Maryland at Baltimore or UMB. In experiments at UMB, TNX-1500 is being studied to prevent
rejection of xenogeneic hearts from genetically engineered pigs developed by the Revivicor division of United Therapeutics Corporation. 

Our immunology pipeline
also includes TNX-1700 , a recombinant Trefoil Factor Family 2, or rTFF2, fusion protein that was licensed from Columbia University
in 2019. TNX-1700 consists of TFF2 fused to human serum albumin or HSA and is a biologic being developed to treat gastric and colorectal
cancers by an immune-oncology mechanism, in combination with PD1 blockers, and is in the preclinical stage of development. We recently
presented data that show a murine version of TNX-1700 consisting of a fusion protein with murine serum albumin or MSA was able
to evoke anti-tumor immunity in the MC38 mouse model of colorectal cancer as monotherapy and that TNX-1700 augmented the efficacy
of anti-PD1 therapy in both the MC38 model and the CT26.wt mouse models of colorectal cancer. 

Our infectious disease
portfolio includes vaccines based on our live virus vaccine or recombinant pox vaccine, RPV platform. Live virus
vaccines are believed to protect against poor clinical outcomes of infectious diseases by eliciting T cell responses in addition
to antibody responses. TNX-801 , a live attenuated vaccine based on synthesized horsepox, is in the pre-IND stage of development
to protect against smallpox and mpox. Non-human primates vaccinated with TNX-801 were protected from mpox in studies reported in
the first quarter of 2020. A Phase 1 study of TNX-801 in humans is expected to start in the second half of 2023. TNX-801 also
serves as the live virus vaccine platform for other infectious diseases for which subsequent products will be designed by expressing
other viral antigens in the horsepox vector. 

TNX-1850 is a live
virus vaccine that expresses the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein from the BA.2 strain that has not yet been tested in animals. TNX-1800 
is a live virus vaccine that expresses the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein from the ancestral Wuhan strain, which has shown encouraging
results in non-human primates. Because the subsequent omicron variant out-competed the ancestral Wuhan strain, we began work on
new vaccine versions, TNX-1840 and TNX-1850 , that are designed to express spike protein from the omicron variant and from the
BA.2 variant, respectively. Of those, based on the trajectory of COVID-19, the focus is now on TNX-1850. The COVID-19 vaccines
that are approved for use, or have emergency use authorization, or EUA, in the U.S. have provided significant health benefits to
the vaccinated population; however, they have shown limitations in the durability of protection conferred and in their ability
to block forward transmission. Live virus vaccines that protect against other viral diseases by eliciting T cell responses have
shown durability of protection that lasts years to decades and some live virus vaccines have significantly inhibited forward transmission.
With respect to TNX-1800 vaccination, we reported positive efficacy data from animal challenge studies using live SARS-CoV-2 in
the first quarter of 2021. In this study, TNX-1800 vaccinated, SARS-CoV-2 challenged animals had undetectable SARS-CoV-2 in the
upper airways, which we believe relates to potential inhibition of forward transmission of this respiratory pathogen. 

4 

TNX-2300 is a live
virus vaccine based on bovine parainfluenza virus in development to protect against COVID-19. In April 2022, Tonix extended a sponsored
research agreement with Kansas State University to develop a vaccine candidate, TNX-2300, for the prevention of COVID-19 that utilizes
a novel live virus vaccine vector platform based on bovine parainfluenza virus. The efficacy of co-expression of the CD40-ligand,
also known as CD154, to stimulate T cell immunity will also be tested. Attenuated bovine parainfluenza virus has previously been
shown to be an effective antigen delivery vector in humans. Previous work by others has shown that attenuated BPI3V is well tolerated
and immunogenic in non-human primates and human infants and children. We believe the vector is well suited for mucosal immunization
using a nasal atomizer, and can also be delivered parenterally. TNX-2300 is in the preclinical stage of development. 

TNX-3600 and TNX-3800 
are mAbs directed against SARS-CoV-2 which are in development as potential therapeutic or preventative agents for COVID-19. Given
the unpredictable trajectory of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and new variants, we seek to contribute a broad set of anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs,
that can be scaled up quickly and potentially combined with other mAbs. We envision the future of mAb therapy for COVID-19 to be
cocktails of mAbs with specificity to variants of concern. TNX-3600 refers to a series of fully human mAbs generated by
human-human hybridomas from COVID-19 convalescent volunteers. We are collaborating with Columbia University to produce these fully
human mAbs to SARS-CoV-2 spike proteins from variants such as delta, omicron and XBB1.5 and to other viral targets. TNX-3800 refers
to three humanized murine mAbs which we licensed exclusively in December 2022 from Curia Global, Inc. for the treatment or prophylaxis
of SARS-CoV-2 infection. The initial focus is to develop COVID-19 therapeutic mAbs. We plan to seek indications similar to previously
EUA-approved therapeutic mAbs for treating individuals with mild-to-moderate COVID-19 who are at high risk for progression to severe
disease or for prophylaxis in individuals with compromised immune systems who are at high risk for severe COVID-19 disease.
None of the previously EUA-approved therapeutic or preventative mAbs are still available, because each has become obsolete since
the SARS-CoV-2 virus has mutated to evade their binding. TNX-3600 and TNX-3800 mAbs may also be used in combination therapy with
other COVID-19 therapeutic mAbs. Combination therapies with other anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs may reduce the emergence of resistant viral
strains. TNX-3600 and TNX-3800 are in the preclinical stage of development. 

TNX-3700 is a COVID-19
mRNA vaccine candidate employing a zinc nanoparticle (ZNP) formulation. In collaboration with Kansas State University, we are developing
this ZNP technology as a potential replacement for the lipid nanoparticle (LNP) technology used in current mRNA vaccines. ZNP technology
potentially allows for improved stability which facilitates shipping and storage and addresses the limitations in current mRNA
vaccines which require ultra-cold storage and shipping. This current requirement limits the use of mRNA vaccines in less developed
countries. We plan to seek initial indications as a booster, similar to the current FDA approved mRNA vaccines for COVID-19. We
intend to conduct research with Kansas State University on ZNP SARS-CoV-2 spike based vaccines in tissue culture and animals in
the first half of 2023. TNX-3700 is in the preclinical stage of development. 

Relating to our COVID-19 and other infectious disease development programs,
we are developing the resources necessary to enable internal research, development and manufacturing capabilities necessary to meet the
goal of producing new vaccine candidates within 100 days of recognition within weeks of obtaining sequence information from a novel pathogen.
We seek to be a leader in the movement to re-build domestic U.S. research, development and manufacturing capabilities. Because this movement
follows a protracted period when domestic research, development and manufacturing were moved out of the U.S., or off-shore 
by other companies to save on labor and other costs, the movement to reverse that trend has been described as on-shoring 
or re-domestication . The COVID-19 pandemic taught that national borders may close during a health emergency. Therefore,
domestic capabilities are essential for the health security of the U.S., which has also been described as pandemic preparedness and biodefense.
As articulated in the American Pandemic Preparedness Plan, or AP3, released by the U.S. Office of Science and Technology Policy, this
100-day goal for vaccines is a key component of preparedness for future pandemics. We believe we have established the infrastructure necessary
to support the pandemic preparedness goals established in the AP3, specifically with respect to our RPV vaccine and potentially to other
vaccine and therapeutic platforms. This infrastructure consists of (i) our R D Center, or RDC , (ii) our Advanced Development
Center, or ADC , and (iii) our Commercial Manufacturing Center, or CMC . We acquired the RDC in Frederick, Maryland
consisting of one building totaling approximately 48,000 square feet. The acquisition closed in October 2021 and the facility is operational.
The RDC facility focuses on our development of vaccines and antiviral drugs against SARS-CoV-2, its variants, and other infectious diseases.
The RDC also conducts research on central nervous systema and immunology drugs. The RDC facility is mostly biosafety level 2 (BSL-2),
with some components designated BSL-3. We completed the substantial renovation of the ADC located in the New Bedford business park in
Dartmouth, Massachusetts, which became operational as of the fourth quarter 2022. This approximately 45,000 square foot BSL-2 facility
is intended to accelerate development and clinical scale manufacturing of live-virus vaccines and biologics to support clinical trials.
We also plan to build the CMC in Hamilton, Montana, where we purchased approximately 44 acres of land and have built a field office to
manage construction of the facility. The CMC will focus on developing and manufacturing commercial scale live-virus vaccines and biologics
and is also intended to be BSL-2. Site enabling work is expected to be initiated for the CMC in 2023. Together, we expect these facilities
may qualify the RPV vaccine platform for programs that are designed to carry out the goals of AP3. 

All
of our product candidates are investigational new drugs or biologics and have not been approved for any indication. 

We
are led by a management team with significant industry experience in drug development. We complement our management team with a network
of scientific, clinical, and regulatory advisors that includes recognized experts in their respective fields. 

Corporate
Information 

We were incorporated on November 16, 2007 under the laws of the State of
Nevada as Tamandare Explorations Inc. On October 11, 2011, we changed our name to Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. Our common stock
is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol TNXP . Our principal executive offices are located at 26 Main Street,
Suite 101, Chatham, New Jersey 07928, and our telephone number is (862) 799-8599. Our website address is www.tonixpharma.com. 

5 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy is to use our integrated development engine to advance innovative programs across multiple therapeutic areas into the clinic
while maximizing asset potential, with the objective of developing and commercializing our product candidates. The principal components
of our strategy are to: 

Pursue
 CNS, rare disease, immunology, and infectious disease indications with high unmet medical need and significant commercial potential. Within
 the therapeutic areas that Tonix is focusing on, we are pursuing multiple indications that are underserved with limited, effective
 treatment options. One of our latest stage product candidates, TNX-102 SL for the management of FM, a condition which affects
 between 6-12 million adults in the U.S. and fewer than half of those treated for FM receive relief from the three FDA-approved
 drugs. 
 
 We are also pursuing a treatment using TNX-102 SL for FM-type Long COVID,
a condition for which there is no currently approved therapy. Our broader development strategy is to leverage the patented formulation
and proven mechanism of action to explore the clinical potential of TNX-102 SL in multiple other, psychiatric, and addiction conditions,
including PTSD, Agitation in Alzheimer s disease and Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD), all of which are underserved by currently approved
medications or have no approved treatment thus representing large unmet medical needs. Within CNS, Tonix is also developing TNX-1900 to
treat chronic migraine, TNX-601 ER to treat major depressive disorder and TNX-1300 to treat cocaine intoxication. Although a number of
drugs are approved for chronic migraine and major depressive disorder, there remains dissatisfaction with available options. Cocaine intoxication
is one of the leading causes of overdose deaths and for which there is no currently approved drug. With TNX-1500, we are pursuing a treatment
to prevent organ transplant rejection as well as autoimmune conditions. TNX-1500 is a third generation humanized mAb targeting the CD40L
that has the potential to deliver efficacy without compromising safety, based on modulated binding to Fc receptors. At this time, no mAb
against CD40L has been licensed anywhere in the world. Within infectious diseases, we are currently focusing on the development of TNX-801
to prevent smallpox and mpox, and TNX-1850 to protect against COVID-19. While there are FDA-approved vaccines to prevent smallpox and
mpox, we believe TNX-801 has potential to provide durable protection. While there are FDA-approved COVID-19 vaccines which use mRNA technology,
or other technologies, we believe that there are limitations to these vaccines relating to durability of protection and their relative
inability to block forward transmission. 

Maximize the commercial potential
 of our lead product candidates . We plan to commercialize each of our lead product candidates, including our latest stage candidate,
 TNX-102 SL, either on our own or through collaboration with partners. We believe our lead candidates can be marketed to U.S. physicians
 either by an internal sales force that we would build or by a contract sales organization, which we would engage. An alternative strategy
 would be to enter into partnership agreements with drug companies that already have significant marketing capabilities in the same, or
 similar, therapeutic areas. If we determine that such a strategy would be more favorable than developing our own sales capabilities, we
 would seek to enter into collaborations with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for commercialization. 

Pursue a broad intellectual
 property strategy to protect our product candidates . We are pursuing a broad patent strategy for our product candidates, and we
 endeavor to generate new patent applications as supported by our innovations and conceptions as well as to advance their prosecution.
 In the case of TNX-102 SL, we own patents and patent applications protecting its composition-of-matter, certain methods of its use, its
 formulation, and its pharmacokinetic properties. In the case of TNX-801 and TNX-1850, we own patent applications protecting their composition-of-matter
 and certain methods of use. We also own patents through in-licensing transactions for TNX-1300, TNX-1900, TNX-2900, and TNX-1700. We own
 patents outright for TNX-601 ER and have filed patent applications for TNX-1500 and TNX-3700. We plan to opportunistically apply for new
 patents to protect our product candidates. 

Pursue
 additional indications and commercial opportunities for our product candidates. We will seek to maximize the value of our other
 product candidates by pursuing other indications and commercial opportunities for such candidates. For example, we own rights related
 to the development and commercialization of TNX-102 SL for generalized anxiety disorder, depression, and fatigue related to disordered
 sleep. For TNX-1900, we own the rights to develop this for craniofacial pain, episodic migraine, acute migraine and insulin resistance,
 in addition to chronic migraine. For TNX-601 ER, we own the rights to develop this for PTSD and neurocognitive disorder from corticosteroid
 use, in addition to major depressive disorder. Finally, our live virus platform using our RPV technology may be developed as vaccines
 for future pandemics, infectious diseases generally and oncology, in addition to smallpox and mpox. 

Disease
and Market Overview 

Our
product candidates address disorders that are not well served by currently available therapies or have no approved treatment which represent
large potential commercial market opportunities. Background information on the disorders and related commercial markets that may be addressed
by our product candidates in or nearing the clinical-stage is set forth below. 

Central
Nervous System 

Fibromyalgia
(FM) 

FM
is a chronic syndrome characterized by widespread musculoskeletal pain accompanied by fatigue, sleep, memory and mood issues. The peak
incidence of FM occurs between 20-50 years of age, and 80-90 of diagnosed patients are female. FM may have a substantial negative impact
on social and occupational function, including disrupted relationships with family and friends, social isolation, reduced activities of
daily living and leisure activities, avoidance of physical activity, and loss of career or inability to advance in career or education. 
According to the American Chronic Pain Association, an estimated six to twelve million adults in the U.S. have FM. 

According
to a report by Frost and Sullivan that we commissioned, despite the availability of approved medications, the majority of patients fail
therapy due to either insufficient efficacy, poor tolerability, or both. Prescription pain and sleep medications are frequently prescribed
off-label for symptomatic relief, despite the lack of evidence that such medications provide a meaningful or durable therapeutic benefit,
and many of these medications carry significant safety risks and risk of dependence. For example, approximately 30 of patients diagnosed
with FM take chronic opioids, despite the lack of evidence for their effectiveness and the risk of addiction and toxicity, including overdose. 

Long
COVID 

Long COVID, or PASC, is a condition that some survivors of COVID-19 infection
experience in varying degrees of severity. It is a chronic disabling condition that is expected to result in a significant global health
and economic burden. We are focusing development of TNX-102 SL on FM-type Long COVID. The symptoms include intense fatigue, sleep
problems, multi-site pain, and cognitive issues brain fog ). The proposed indication is for the management of multi-site
pain associated with PASC. 

6 

Post
infection, many patients experience one or many of the symptoms of Long COVID: some patients have initial symptoms that become prolonged;
others manifest entirely new syndromes that impact more than one system or organ. According to a 2021 publication in the Journal of American
Medical Association (JAMA), over 1 in 10 healthcare workers who had recovered from COVID-19 were still coping with at least one moderate
to severe symptom eight months later. Research shows that Long COVID occurs in approximately 13 of recovered COVID-19 patients. There
is currently no approved drug for the treatment of Long COVID. 

Migraine
Headaches 

Migraine
is a primary headache disorder characterized by recurrent headaches that are moderate to severe. Typically, episodes affect one side of
the head, are pulsating in nature, and last from a few hours to three days. Associated symptoms may include nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity
to light, sound, or smell. The pain is generally made worse by physical activity, although regular exercise may have prophylactic effects.
Up to one-third of people affected have aura, typically a short period of visual disturbance that signals that the headache will soon
occur. Occasionally, aura can occur with little or no headache following it. Approximately one billion individuals worldwide suffer from
migraine (~14 of the population). Migraine is the second leading cause of years lived with disability. Chronic migraine 15 headache/migraine
days per month) affects about 1-2 of individuals (~75-150 million individuals worldwide; 3-7 million in the U.S.). CGRP antibodies are
the only migraine specific prophylaxis drugs approved in decades, but they require parenteral administration and there are long term safety
concerns with prolonged systemic blockade of CGRP or its receptor. 

Major
Depressive Disorder 

According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration,
an estimated 21.0 million adults in the U.S. in 2020 experienced at least one major depressive episode, representing 8.4 of all U.S.
adults. According
to the National Institute of Mental Health, depression affects approximately 17 million adults in the U.S., with approximately 2.5 million
adults treated with adjunctive therapy. Depression is a condition characterized by symptoms such as a depressed mood or loss of interest
or pleasure in daily activities most of the time for two weeks or more, accompanied by appetite changes, sleep disturbances, motor restlessness
or retardation, loss of energy, feelings of worthlessness or excessive guilt, poor concentration, and suicidal thoughts and behaviors.
These symptoms cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning. The
majority of people who suffer from depression do not respond adequately to initial antidepressant therapy. 

Cocaine
Intoxication 

Cocaine is an illegal
recreational drug taken for its pleasurable effects and associated euphoria. Pharmacologically, cocaine blocks the reuptake of the
neurotransmitter dopamine from central nervous system synapses, resulting in the accumulation of dopamine within the synapse and an
amplification of dopamine signaling that is related to its role in creating positive feeling. With the continued use of cocaine,
however, intense cocaine cravings occur resulting in a high potential for abuse and addiction, or dependence, as well as the risk of
cocaine intoxication. Cocaine intoxication refers to the deleterious effects on other parts of the body, especially those involving
the cardiovascular system. Common symptoms of cocaine intoxication include tachyarrhythmias and elevated blood pressure,
either of which can be life-threatening. As a result, individuals with known or suspected cocaine intoxication are sent
immediately to the emergency department, preferably by ambulance in case cardiac arrest occurs during transit. There are
approximately 505,000 emergency room visits for cocaine abuse each year in the U.S., of which 61,000 require detoxification
services. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, cocaine-involved deaths rose nearly 54 from 2019 to 2021,
resulting in over 24,486 deaths total. 

Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD 

PTSD is a chronic condition that
may develop after a person is exposed to one or more traumatic events, such as warfare, sexual assault, serious injury, or threat of imminent
death. The core symptom clusters of PTSD are avoidance, emotional numbing, hyperarousal, and intrusion, where the triggering traumatic
event is commonly re-experienced by the individual through intrusive, recurrent recollections, flashbacks, and nightmares. People with
PTSD suffer significant impairment in their daily functioning, including occupational activities and social relations, and are at elevated
risk for impulsive violent behaviors toward others and themselves, including suicide. Of those who experience a significant trauma, approximately
20 of women and 8 of men develop PTSD. An estimated 12 million adults annually in the U.S. suffer from PTSD. According to the U.S. Department
of Veterans Affairs, the prevalence rate of PTSD in the military population is higher than that among civilians. 

Many patients fail to adequately
respond to the medications approved for PTSD and approved medications show little evidence of a treatment effect in men, lack evidence
of efficacy in those for whom the traumatic event was combat-related, and carry suicidality warnings. Sleep disturbances are central features
of PTSD and are predictive of disease severity, depression, substance abuse, and suicidal ideation, yet are resistant to the approved
medications and present a difficult therapeutic challenge. Current PTSD treatments include off-label use of anxiolytics, sedative-hypnotics,
and antipsychotics, many of which lack reliable evidence of efficacy, and several have significant safety liabilities and dependence risk. 

Rare
Disease 

Prader-Willi
Syndrome 

Prader-Willi
syndrome (PWS) is recognized as the most common genetic cause of life-threatening childhood obesity and affects males and females
with equal frequency and all races and ethnicities. The hallmarks of PWS are lack of suckling in infants and, in children and
adults, severe hyperphagia, an overriding physiological drive to eat, leading to severe obesity and other complications associated
with significant morbidity and mortality. PWS is an orphan disease that occurs in approximately one in 15,000 births. There is
currently no approved treatment for obesity and hyperphagia in adults and older children associated with PWS. 

Immunology 

Organ
Transplant Rejection 

Organ
transplant rejection occurs when the immune system of the organ recipient attacks the new organ as if it was an infection or tumor. Often
transplantation is the last resort for most end-stage organ failure patients, affecting either kidneys, liver, heart, lungs, and/or pancreas.
Genetic disparity between organ donor and recipient is often at the root of the rejection. Mismatched or not closely matched organs triggers
an immune reaction that leads to rejection. Overcoming this difficulty is paramount to a patient s survival as organ donations are
in limited supply. 

7 

Gastric
and Colorectal cancers 

Gastric or stomach cancer is a
disease in which malignant cancer cells line the inner lumen of the stomach. Development of this form of cancer is often influenced by
age, diet and other stomach diseases. This type of cancer begins to form in the mucosa, the surface of the lumen that is in direct contact
with the contents of the stomach, and spreads through the outer layers of the stomach as the tumor grows. 

Currently, per the National Cancer
Institute, the 5-year relative survival for stomach cancer is 33.3 . According to 2017-2019 data, approximately 0.8 percent of men and
women will be diagnosed with stomach cancer during their lifetime. In 2019, there were an estimated 123,920 people living with stomach
cancer in the U.S. 

Colorectal cancer includes cancers
in the colon and the rectum, organs that are crucial to absorption of water by the body and the elimination of food-waste. Most colorectal
cancers start as a growth or polyp on the inner lining of the colon or rectum. Some types of polyps can change into cancer over time (usually
many years), but not all polyps become cancer. Adenomatous polyps are the ones that turn malignant with time. Similar to gastric cancer,
the malignancy begins in the mucosal layer and spreads outwards. 

The 5-year relative survival rate
is 65.1 , per the National Cancer Institute. According to 2017-2019 data, approximately 4.1 percent of men and women will be diagnosed
with colorectal cancer during their lifetime. In 2019, there were an estimated 1,369,005 people living with colorectal cancer in the United
States. 

Infectious
Diseases 

Smallpox
and Mpox 

Smallpox is an acute contagious disease caused by the variola virus, or
VARV, which is a member of the orthopoxvirus family. Smallpox was declared eradicated in 1980 following a global immunization campaign.
Smallpox is transmitted from person to person by infective droplets during close contact with infected symptomatic people. Mpox is an
acute contagious disease caused by the monkeypox virus or MPXV, which is also a member of the orthopoxvirus family. Mpox symptoms are
similar to those of smallpox, although less severe. Mpox is emerging as an important zoonotic infection in humans in Central and West
Africa. Until 2022, only a few cases of mpox had been reported outside of Africa in patients who had been infected while in Africa. Starting
in May of 2022, mpox cases spread rapidly in the U.S. and other countries. More than 30,000 cases in the U.S. have been reported according
to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 

Smallpox was eradicated by a World
Health Organization program that vaccinated individuals with live replicating vaccinia vaccines wherever smallpox appeared. In the 1970s,
vaccination of civilians to protect against smallpox was discontinued in the U.S.; however, smallpox remains a material threat to national
security and a proportion of military personnel, including members of the Global Response Force continue to be vaccinated. Vaccines for
smallpox and mpox are stockpiled by the U.S. government in the strategic national stockpile and for potential widespread immunization
in the event of malicious reintroduction of VARV. 

COVID-19 

SARS-CoV-2
is a contagious virus causing the disease COVID-19 that became a global pandemic in 2019 and has resulted in more than three million deaths.
While the infection and mortality rates have slowed in regions of the world with high vaccination rates, the struggle with the pathogen
is ongoing and evolving since SARS-CoV-2 is mutating into new variants. COVID-19 is characterized by fever, sore throat, acute shortness
of breath, cough, and oxygen desaturation in the blood. At least three major variants have swept across the world in successive waves
and overwhelmed healthcare systems during these waves. With new variants of the virus emerging, therapeutic research is addressing the
challenge of keeping up with this rapidly mutating virus. The early vaccines have been effective in limiting the severity of disease in
vaccinated individuals. Vaccines that elicit strong T cell responses are believed to have the potential to provide long-term or durable
protection. 

Lead
Product Candidates 

We
believe that our product candidates offer innovative therapeutic approaches and may provide significant advantages relative to available
therapies. We have worldwide commercialization rights to all of our product candidates listed below. The following table summarizes our
later stage product candidates that are in or nearing the clinic: 

Product
 Candidate 
 
 Indication 
 
 Stage
 of Development 

TNX-102 SL 
 
 Fibromyalgia 
 
 Mid-Phase 3, >50 enrolled 

TNX-102 SL 
 
 FM-type Long COVID 
 
 Phase 2 enrolling 

TNX-1900 
 
 Chronic migraine 
 
 Phase 2, enrolling 

TNX-601 ER 
 
 Depression 
 
 Phase 2, targeted 1Q 2023 start 

TNX-1300 
 
 Cocaine Intoxication 
 
 Mid-Phase 2, targeted 2Q 2023 start 

TNX-1500 
 
 Kidney Transplant Rejection 
 
 Phase 1, targeted 2Q 2023 start

TNX-801 
 
 Smallpox and Mpox vaccine 
 
 Phase 1, targeted 2H 2023 start

TNX-2900 
 
 Prader-Willi Syndrome 
 
 Phase 1 

TNX-102
SL 

Overview 

TNX-102
SL, in clinical development for registration in five indications. TNX-102 SL is a proprietary sublingual tablet formulation of CBP that
efficiently delivers CBP across the oral mucosal membrane into the systemic circulation. We are developing TNX-102 SL as a bedtime treatment
for FM, PTSD, PASC or Long Covid, AAD and AUD. We own all rights to TNX-102 SL in all geographies, and we bear no obligations to third-parties
for any future development or commercialization. Excipients used in TNX-102 SL are approved for pharmaceutical use. Some of the excipients
were specially selected to promote a local oral environment that facilitates mucosal absorption of cyclobenzaprine or CBP. 

8 

The
current TNX-102 SL sublingual tablets contain 2.8 mg of CBP. For the treatment of FM, TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg (two 2.8 mg tablets) at bedtime
is in Phase 3 development. We selected this dose with the goal of providing a balance of efficacy, safety, and tolerability that would
be acceptable as a first-line therapy and for long-term use, and in-patient populations characterized by burdensome symptoms and sensitivity
to medications. 

The
active ingredient in TNX-102 SL, is CBP, a serotonin-2A and alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist as well as an inhibitor of serotonin
and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TNX-102 SL acts upon other receptors in the central nervous system including muscarinic M1 and
histaminergic H1 receptors. 

CBP
is the active ingredient of two products that are approved in the U.S. for the treatment of muscle spasm: Flexeril (5 mg and
10 mg oral immediate-release, or IR, tablet) and Amrix (15 mg and 30 mg oral extended-release capsule). The Flexeril
brand of CBP IR tablet has been discontinued since May 2013. There are numerous generic versions of CBP IR tablets on the market. CBP-containing
products are approved for short term use (two to three weeks) only as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of muscle spasm
associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions. CBP IR tablets are recommended for three times per day dosing, which results
in relatively stable blood levels of CBP after several days of treatment. Extended-release CBP capsules taken once a day mimic, and flatten,
the pharmacokinetic profile of three times per day CBP IR tablets. 

We
designed TNX-102 SL to be administered once-daily at bedtime and with the intention for long-term use. We believe the selected dose of
TNX-102 SL and its unique pharmacokinetic profile will enable it to achieve a desirable balance of efficacy, safety, and tolerability.
Our Phase 1 comparative trials showed that, on a dose-adjusted basis, TNX-102 SL results in faster systemic absorption and significantly
higher plasma levels of CBP in the first hour following sublingual administration relative to oral IR CBP tablets. It also showed that
the sublingual route of administration, which largely bypasses the first pass hepatic metabolism that swallowed medications
undergo, results in a higher plasma ratio of CBP to its main active metabolite, norcyclobenzaprine. In clinical studies, TNX-102 SL 2.8
mg and TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg were generally well-tolerated, with no drug-related serious and unexpected adverse reactions reported in these
studies. Some subjects experienced transient numbness of the tongue after TNX-102 SL administration. 

We have successfully completed
the pivotal exposure bridging study with TNX-102 SL compared to Amrix. Results from this study support the approval of TNX-102 SL
under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, with Amrix as the reference listed drug, or RLD. In general,
the development timeline for a 505(b)(2) NDA is shorter and less expensive than an NDA developed under Section 505(b)(1), which is for
new chemical entities, or NCEs, that have never been approved in the U.S. We believe that TNX-102 SL has the potential to provide clinical
benefit to FM, Long COVID, and PTSD patients and possibly other CNS (central nervous system) indications that are underserved by currently
marketed products or have no approved treatment. 

TNX-102
SL FM program 

We
are developing TNX-102 SL as a bedtime treatment for FM under an active IND application. The potential approval of TNX-102 SL for FM is
expected to be under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. 

Clinical
Development Plan 

Phase
3 RESILIENT (F307) 

The first patient was enrolled in the potentially pivotal Phase 3 RESILIENT
study in April 2022. The RESILIENT study is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled adaptive design trial designed to evaluate
the efficacy and safety of TNX-102 SL in FM. The two-arm trial is expected to enroll approximately 470 participants in the U.S. and was
50 enrolled as of December 2022. The first two weeks of treatment consist of a run-in period in which participants start on TNX-102 SL
2.8 mg (1 tablet) or placebo. Thereafter, all participants increase their dose to TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg (2 x 2.8 mg tablets) or two placebo
tablets for the remaining 12 weeks. The primary endpoint is the daily diary pain severity score change (TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg vs. placebo)
from baseline to Week 14 (using the weekly averages of the daily numerical rating scale scores), analyzed by mixed model repeated measures
with multiple imputation. An interim analysis by an IDMC will be conducted on the primary endpoint based on the first 50 of enrolled
participants for a potential sample size adjustment or early stop for futility. Interim data is expected in the second quarter of 2023.
Topline data is expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Completed
Phase 3 RALLY Study (F306) 

We reported pre-planned interim analysis results from a Phase 3 study,
RALLY (F306), in July 2021. Based on the recommendation from the independent data monitoring committee that the RALLY trial was unlikely
to demonstrate a statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint, we stopped enrollment of new participants but allowed
those participants who were already enrolled to complete the study. We reported topline data from the completed study in March of 2022.
As expected based on interim analysis results, TNX-102 SL did not achieve statistical significance over placebo on the primary endpoint
of reduction in daily pain, and relative to the previous positive Phase 3 Study (RELIEF), RALLY had an unexpected increase in study participant
adverse event-related discontinuations in both drug and placebo groups. The RALLY study was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled
adaptive design trial intended to evaluate the efficacy and safety of TNX-102 SL in FM. The trial was expected to enroll approximately
670 patients across approximately 40 U.S. sites. For the first two weeks of treatment, there was a run-in period in which patients started
on TNX-102 SL 2.8 mg (1 tablet) or placebo. After the first two weeks, all patients had the dose increased to TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg (2 x 2.8
mg tablets) or two placebo tablets for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was daily diary pain severity score change from baseline to Week
14 (using the weekly averages of the daily numerical rating scale scores), analyzed by mixed model repeated measures with multiple imputation. 

Completed
Phase 3 RELIEF Study (F304) 

In
the fourth quarter of 2020, we announced the results of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week Phase 3 study of TNX-102
SL in 503 participants with FM, which we refer to as the RELIEF study. The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the potential
clinical benefit of using TNX-102 SL to treat FM at a dose of 5.6 mg, administered sublingually once daily at bedtime for 12 weeks. The
primary endpoint of the RELIEF trial was the daily diary pain severity score change from baseline to Week 14 (using the weekly averages
of the daily numerical rating scale scores), analyzed by mixed model repeated measures with multiple imputation. The RELIEF study achieved
statistical significance on the primary efficacy endpoint: change from baseline in the weekly average of daily diary pain severity numerical
rating scale (NRS) scores for TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg (LS mean [SE]: -1.9 [0.12] units) versus placebo (-1.5 [0.12] units), analyzed by mixed
model repeated measures with multiple imputation (LS mean [SE] difference: -0.4 [0.16] units, p=0.010). 

9 

The
statistically significant improvement in pain is further substantiated when diary pain was analyzed by another standard statistical approach,
a 30 percent responder analysis, with 46.8 on active and 34.9 on placebo having a 30 percent or greater reduction in pain (logistic
regression; odds ratio [95 CI]: 1.67 [1.16, 2.40]; p=0.006). Consistent with the proposed mechanism that TNX-102 SL acts in fibromyalgia
through improving sleep quality, TNX-102 SL showed nominal improvement of sleep by several measures. For daily diary sleep quality ratings,
TNX-102 SL (-2.0 [0.12] units) compared to placebo (-1.5 [0.12] units) was nominally significant (LS mean difference: -0.6 [0.17] units;
p 

In the RELIEF study, TNX-102 SL was similarly well tolerated as in the
Phase 2 BESTFIT and Phase 3 AFFIRM studies, which both studied TNX-102 SL at a lower dose of 2.8 mg daily. There were no new safety signals
observed in the RELIEF study at the 5.6 mg daily dose. Among participants randomized to the TNX-102 SL and placebo arms, 82.3 and 83.5 ,
respectively, completed the 14-week dosing period. As expected, based on prior TNX-102 SL studies, administration site reactions are the
most commonly reported adverse events and were higher in the TNX-102 SL treatment group, including rates of oral numbness (17.3 vs. 0.8 ),
oral pain/discomfort (11.7 v. 2.0 ), taste impairment (6.5 vs. 0.4 ), and oral tingling (5.6 v. 0.4 ). Oral numbness or tingling and
taste impairment were local administration site effects nearly always temporally related to dose administration and transiently expressed 

Completed
Phase 3 AFFIRM Study (F301) 

In
the third quarter of 2016, we announced the results of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week Phase 3 study of TNX-102
SL in 519 participants with FM, which we refer to as the AFFIRM study. The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the potential
clinical benefit of using TNX-102 SL to treat FM at a dose of 2.8 mg, administered sublingually once daily at bedtime for 12 weeks. The
primary endpoint of the AFFIRM trial was the 30 pain responder analysis in which a responder is defined as a subject for whom pain intensity
was reduced by at least 30 at Week 12 as compared to baseline. AFFIRM did not achieve statistical significance at the primary endpoint
(p=0.095). Yet, statistical significance was achieved when pain was analyzed instead as a continuous variable, either by MMRM (p 

TNX-102
SL was well tolerated in the AFFIRM trial. Among patients randomized to the active and control arms, 78 and 86 , respectively, completed
the 12-week dosing period. The most common adverse events were local in nature, with transient tongue or mouth numbness occurring in 40 
of participants on TNX-102 SL vs. 1 on placebo. These local adverse events did not appear to affect either rates of retention of study
participants or their compliance with taking TNX-102 SL. Systemic adverse events were similar between TNX-102 SL and placebo. No serious
adverse events were reported. 

Other
NDA Requirements 

The
Agreed Initial Pediatric Study Plan, or Agreed iPSP, was accepted by the FDA in September 2015. An amendment to the Agreed iPSP will be
submitted for FDA agreement prior to marketing application. 

Based
on our discussions with the FDA and the FDA official meeting minutes, we will not have to conduct special populations, such as geriatric
and renal/hepatic impaired patients, drug-drug interaction or cardiovascular safety studies to support the TNX-102 SL NDA filing since
the pivotal systemic exposure bridging study using Amrix as the reference listed drug, or RLD, has been successfully completed. Due to
the well-established safety profile of CBP at much higher doses than we proposed for FM and the long-term safety data in PTSD, up to 15
months, on TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg, the FDA has not requested a risk management plan or medication guide for this product. 

Phase
1 Bioequivalence, Bridging PK, Food-Effect and Dose-Proportionality Studies 

We
have completed the required Phase 1 bioequivalence, multi-dose bridging pharmacokinetic, and food effect and dose-proportionality studies. 

Cyclobenzaprine
Hydrochloride Nonclinical Development 

In October 2016, we completed
the six-month repeated-dose toxicology study of the active ingredient, CBP, in rats and a nine-month repeated-dose toxicology study in
dogs required for the NDA filing. These chronic toxicity studies were requested by the FDA to augment the nonclinical information in the
AMRIX prescribing information, or labeling, which is necessary to support the TNX-102 SL labeling for long-term use. Due to the lack of
evidence of potential abuse in clinical studies of TNX-102 SL, the FDA agreed that nonclinical study to assess CBP abuse potential is
not required to support the TNX-102 SL NDA filing. 

We are planning to develop TNX-102 SL for the treatment of FM in Japan.
Cyclobenzaprine, the active ingredient of TNX-102 SL, has not been approved in Japan, and is considered a NCE (new chemical entity). In
February 2022, we held an End of Phase 2 Consultation with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, or PMDA, an independent administrative
institution responsible for ensuring the safety, efficacy and quality of pharmaceuticals and medical devices in Japan, to discuss the
Japan development plan. Agreement was reached on the design of a Phase 1 bridging study (TNX-CY-F108/F108) in ethnic Japanese healthy
volunteers to enable clinical studies of TNX-102 SL in Japan. PMDA also provided guidance on the overall nonclinical package to support
a Japan NDA filing for TNX-102 SL for the treatment of FM. 

10 

The F108 Phase 1 study was initiated
in March 2022 and the clinical phase was completed in May 2022 and we are awaiting the final study report at the time of this filing. 

We are completing nonclinical safety, pharmacology and embryo-fetal development
toxicology studies as part of the agreed IND-enabling nonclinical data package to support clinical studies of TNX-102 SL in Japan. 

TNX
102 SL FM-type Long COVID Program 

We
are developing TNX-102 SL as a bedtime treatment for FM-type Long COVID. The potential approval of TNX-102 SL for Long COVID is expected
to be under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. 

Phase
2 PREVAIL Study (PA201) 

We
initiated a Phase 2 study of TNX-102 SL as a treatment for FM-type Long COVID, which is a subset of patients affected by Long COVID whose
symptoms overlap with fibromyalgia. The trial initiated in August 2022. The study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study
designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of TNX-102 SL for FM-type Long COVID. 

We
completed a pre-IND meeting with the FDA in August 2021 to develop TNX-102 SL as a potential treatment for Long COVID. Long COVID is
a protracted syndrome experienced by many people following SARS-CoV-2 infection that can include a number of persistent disabling
symptoms, including fatigue, widespread pain, sleep disturbance, brain fog or difficulty concentrating, arthralgias, diffuse
myalgia, olfactory dysfunction, and headache. The currently enrolling Phase 2 study focuses on Long COVID patients whose primary
symptoms overlap with fibromyalgia, and, therefore, the Long COVID program leverages learnings about the pharmacodynamic activity of
TNX-102 SL from more than 1,000 participants who have been or are enrolled in our fibromyalgia trials to date. Long COVID has been
compared to fibromyalgia because of the common symptoms of sleep disturbance, persistent widespread pain, fatigue, and brain fog.
Additionally, Long COVID, like fibromyalgia, is experienced by women at a rate approximately four times that of men. 

TNX-102
SL Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Program 

We
are developing TNX-102 SL as a bedtime treatment of PTSD under an active IND application. The potential approval of TNX-102 SL for PTSD
is expected to be under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. 

Phase
3 RECOVERY Study (P302) 

We initiated the RECOVERY study (P302) in March 2019. The RECOVERY Phase
3 study was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study of TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg (2 x 2.8 mg sublingual tablets) over 12 weeks of
treatment. The RECOVERY study was conducted at approximately 30 U.S. sites. The study planned to enroll 250 participants with
civilian and military-related PTSD. RECOVERY restricts enrollment of study participants to individuals with PTSD who experienced
an index trauma within nine years of screening. The two previous PTSD studies of TNX-102 SL (P201 and P301) restricted enrollment to participants
who experienced traumas during military service since 2001. The primary efficacy endpoint in P302 was the Week 12 mean change from
baseline in the severity of PTSD symptoms as measured by CAPS-5 between those treated with TNX-102 SL and those receiving placebo. 
Based on interim analysis (IA) results of the first 50 of enrolled participants, an IDMC recommended stopping the Phase 3 RECOVERY trial
(P302) in PTSD for futility as TNX-102 SL was unlikely to demonstrate a statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint
of overall change from baseline in the severity of PTSD symptoms between those treated with TNX-102 SL and those receiving placebo. New
enrollment for the RECOVERY study was stopped in February 2020, but we continued studying those participants currently enrolled until
completion and proceeded with a full analysis of the unblinded data to determine the next steps in this program. Topline data was reported
during the fourth quarter of 2020, which revealed that the RECOVERY study did not achieve statistical significance in the prespecified
primary efficacy endpoint of change from baseline to Week 12 in the CAPS-5 between TNX-102 SL and placebo (p=0.343; effect size (ES)=0.15).
TNX-102 SL separated from placebo in the first key secondary endpoint, CGI-S scale (p=0.024; ES=0.36) and in the PGIC, (p=0.007; ES=0.43).
TNX-102 SL also trended for improvement on the PROMIS Sleep Disturbance scale (p=0.055; ES=0.30), consistent with the proposed mechanism
of targeting the PTSD sleep disturbance. TNX-102 SL is generally well tolerated and no new safety signals were observed. Tonix met with
the FDA to discuss potential new endpoints for the indication of treatment of PTSD. The next PTSD study can use 1 month look-back CAPS-5
as endpoint v. 1 week look-back. 

Discontinued
Phase 3 HONOR Study (P301) 

In
the third quarter of 2018, we announced the results of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 3 study of TNX-102 SL, planned
for enrollment of approximately 550 participants with military-related PTSD conducted at approximately 40 U.S. sites, which we refer to
as the HONOR study. This study was an adaptive design study based on the results of the Phase 2 AtEase study. The study design was very
similar to the Phase 2 AtEase study, except there was one planned IA and the involvement of an IDMC, which reviewed the unblinded
IA results. In addition, only one active dose (5.6 mg administered as 2 x 2.8 mg tablets) was investigated, and the baseline severity entrance
criterion was a CAPS-5 total score 33 in this Phase 3 study. The primary efficacy endpoint of the HONOR study was the 12-week
mean change from baseline in the severity of PTSD symptoms as measured by the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5, or CAPS-5,
between those treated with TNX-102 SL and those receiving placebo. The CAPS-5 is a standardized structured clinical interview and serves
as the standard in research for measuring the symptom severity of PTSD. The IA was conducted when approximately 50 of the initially
planned participant enrollment was evaluable for efficacy. HONOR was discontinued after the results of the IA indicated a pre-defined
threshold p-value for continuing enrollment was not achieved, i.e. IDMC recommended stopping for futility. The modified Intent-to-Treat
(mITT) population analyzed at the time of the IA included 252 participants. 

The
most common adverse events were mostly related to local administration site reactions, such as oral hypoaesthesia (37.3 ), abnormal product
taste (11.9 ), and oral paraesthesia (9.7 ). The most common systemic adverse event was somnolence (15.7 ). Retrospective analysis of
the HONOR study revealed a treatment effect in participants who experienced trauma less than or equal to nine years prior to screening. 

11 

In
the participants who experienced trauma within nine years, the p-value of the CAPS-5 primary endpoint at Week 12, using mixed model repeated
measures with multiple imputation (MMRM with MI), was 0.039, with a least-squares mean difference from placebo of -5.9 units. In contrast,
there was no difference in CAPS-5 in the participants who experienced trauma more than nine years prior to screening compared to placebo.
This analysis defined an optimal treatment window for treatment with TNX-102 SL for PTSD of the first nine years after the index trauma
that resulted in PTSD and guided the design of the next Phase 3 study in PTSD, RECOVERY. 

Long-Term
Safety Exposure Study for TNX-102 SL 

In
October 2019, we completed long-term safety exposure studies in participants with PTSD to evaluate the tolerability of TNX-102 SL 5.6
mg to support an NDA for the treatment of PTSD. The data provide us with exposure data of daily dosing of TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg for
at least 12 months in more than 50 individuals, and daily dosing of TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg for at least 6 months in more than 100 individuals.
The data was collected in OLE studies of the PTSD program. Based on the FDA s guidance, the long-term safety exposure studies
in PTSD are also expected to support an NDA for the management of FM. 

Other
NDA Requirements 

An
Agreed Initial Pediatric Study Plan, or Agreed iPSP, is required for the initial NDA submission. We submitted a revised iPSP in the first
quarter of 2017, which incorporated the FDA comments received on our iPSP submitted in the third quarter of 2016. Additional comments
from the FDA were received in second quarter of 2017 on our revised iPSP. We plan to submit an Agreed PSP once a therapeutic dose in adults
is established. An acceptable Pediatric Study Plan will be determined at the time of the NDA approval. 

Based
on our discussions with the FDA and the FDA official meeting minutes, we will not have to conduct special populations (geriatric and renal/hepatic
impaired), drug-drug interaction or cardiovascular safety studies to support the TNX-102 SL NDA filing since the pivotal systemic exposure
bridging study using AMRIX as the reference listed drug, or RLD, has been successfully completed. Due to the well-established safety profile
of CBP at much higher doses than we proposed for PTSD and the long-term safety data (up to 15 months) on TNX-102 SL 2.8 mg in a prior
FM program, the FDA has not requested a risk management plan or medication guide for this product. 

Manufacturing 

TNX-102 SL drug product for Phase 3 and the associated registration batches
for the NDA were manufactured at commercial cGMP facilities. We currently have 36-month stability data in the proposed packaging configurations
ready for commercialization. The FDA has reviewed the proposed CMC data package to support TNX-102 SL s NDA approval and commercial
manufacturing plans as part of the IND process. Tonix is ready to manufacture TNX-102 SL commercial product for the forecasted FM market. 

TNX-1900 Migraine, Craniofacial Pain and Obesity-Associated Binge
Eating Disorder 

TNX-1900
(intranasal potentiated oxytocin) is a proprietary formulation of oxytocin in development for BED, prophylaxis of chronic migraine and
for the treatment of craniofacial pain, insulin resistance and related conditions. In 2020, TNX-1900 was acquired from Trigemina, Inc.
and licensed from Stanford University. TNX-1900 is a drug-device combination product, based on an intranasal actuator device that delivers
oxytocin into the nose. 

Oxytocin
is a naturally occurring human hormone that acts as a neurotransmitter in the brain. Oxytocin has no recognized addiction potential. It
has been observed that low oxytocin levels in the body can lead to an increase in migraine headache frequency, and that increased oxytocin
levels can relieve migraine headaches. Certain other chronic pain conditions are also associated with decreased oxytocin levels. Migraine
attacks are caused, in part, by the activity of pain-sensing trigeminal nerve cells which, when activated, release CGRP which binds to
receptors on other nerve cells and starts a cascade of events that is believed to result in headache. Oxytocin when delivered via the
nasal route, concentrates in the trigeminal system resulting in binding of oxytocin to receptors on neurons in the trigeminal system,
inhibiting the release of CGRP and transmission of pain signals. Blocking CGRP release is a distinct mechanism compared with CGRP antagonist
and anti-CGRP antibody drugs, which block the binding of CGRP to its receptor. 

With
TNX-1900, the addition of magnesium to the oxytocin formula enhances oxytocin receptor binding as well as its effects on trigeminal neurons
and craniofacial analgesic effects in animal models. Intranasal oxytocin has been well tolerated in several clinical trials in both adults
and children. Targeted nasal delivery results in low systemic exposure and lower risk of non-nervous system, off-target effects which
could potentially occur with systemic CGRP antagonists such as anti-CGRP antibodies. For example, CGRP has roles in dilating blood vessels
in response to ischemia, including in the heart. We believe nasally targeted delivery of oxytocin could translate into selective blockade
of CGRP release in the trigeminal ganglion and not throughout the body, which could be a potential safety advantage over systemic CGRP
inhibition. In addition, daily dosing is more quickly reversible, in contrast to monthly or quarterly dosing, as is the case with anti-CGRP
antibodies, giving physicians and their patients greater control. 

We initiated a Phase 2 study in chronic migraine in the first quarter of
2023. We also plan to develop TNX-1900 for treatment of episodic migraine, craniofacial pain and insulin resistance. Tonix has a license
with the University of Geneva to use TNX-1900 for the treatment of insulin resistance and related conditions. TNX-1900 is also being studied
as a potential treatment for BED in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial. The Phase 2 clinical trial is expected to start
in the second quarter of 2023. In March 2022, we announced an agreement with Massachusetts General Hospital, a teaching hospital of Harvard
Medical School, to conduct this study. Tonix does not own this IND. 

TNX-601
ER Depression, PTSD, Neurocognitive Dysfunction from Corticosteroids 

We
announced the development of TNX-601 ER in July 2022, a potential abuse deterrent, extended-release formulation of tianeptine
hemioxalate. TNX-601 ER is designed for once-daily daytime dosing and is being developed as a treatment for major depressive
disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder, and neurocognitive dysfunction associated with corticosteroid use. TNX-601 ER
represents a novel approach to treating depression in the U.S., since the active ingredient tianeptine induces a neuroprotective and
resilient phenotype in both neurons and microglia under conditions of stress in animals. The dramatic and unique effects of
tianeptine are illustrated in animal models by the restoration of dendritic arborization of pyramidal neurons of CA3 region of
hippocampus and the dentate gyrus region new neuron formation and integration into hippocampal networks. In contrast,
antidepressants that are marketed in the U.S. act by modulating the levels or receptor binding of neurotransmitters in the synapse.
Tianeptine sodium (amorphous) immediate release (IR) tablets have been available in Europe and many countries in Asia and Latin
America for the treatment of MDD over the more than three decades since it was first marketed in France in 1989. No
tianeptine-containing product has been approved by the FDA. The proposed mechanism of action of TNX-601 ER is distinct from
traditional monoaminergic antidepressants in the U.S. In addition to its glutamatergic properties central to its antidepressant
effect, tianeptine has weak -opioid receptor agonist properties and has been linked to illicit misuse at much higher doses
than those reported to be effective in the treatment of MDD (reported to be used daily at 8-80 times the antidepressant daily dose).
Previously, we were developing a naloxone-containing tablet, TNX-601 CR (tianeptine oxalate and naloxone controlled-release) for MDD,
that was designed to mitigate the risk of parenteral abuse. 

12 

We intend to develop TNX-601 ER under Section 505(b)(1) of the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA). Tonix completed a Phase 1 clinical trial for formulation development outside of the U.S in 2019.
Based on this study, the final formulation of TNX-601 ER to be used in Phase 2 testing will be 39.4 mg tianeptine hemioxalate for once
daily treatment of MDD (which is equivalent in tianeptine content to three 12.5 mg doses of tianeptine sodium). Based on the clearance
of IND 152371 by the FDA, we expect to initiate a Phase 2 study in the first quarter of 2023. 

The Phase 2 study is planned to be a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled,
parallel group study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of TNX-601 ER monotherapy compared to placebo in MDD. Treatment duration will
be six weeks, preceded by up to five weeks in screening and followed by a two-week safety follow-up period (total up to 13 weeks of participation).
We plan to randomize approximately 300 individuals with MDD at a 1:1 ratio to two arms of 150 each for drug and placebo at approximately
30 U.S. sites. The primary efficacy endpoint will be the change from baseline to Week 6 in the Montgomery- sberg Depression Rating
Scale (MADRS) total score. An IA will be conducted once the first 50 percent of the sample has completed the study, estimated to occur
in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

TNX-1300
 Cocaine Intoxication 

TNX-1300
(T172R/G173Q double-mutant cocaine esterase 200 mg, i.v. solution) is being developed for the treatment of cocaine intoxication. TNX-1300
is a recombinant protein enzyme produced through rDNA technology in a non-disease-producing strain of E. coli bacteria. Cocaine Esterase
(CocE) was identified in bacteria (Rhodococcus) that use cocaine as the sole source of carbon and nitrogen and that grow in soil surrounding
coca plants. The gene encoding CocE was identified and the protein was extensively characterized. CocE catalyzes the breakdown of cocaine
into metabolite ecgonine methyl ester and benzoic acid. Wild-type CocE is unstable at body temperature, so targeted mutations were introduced
in the CocE gene and resulted in the T172R/G173Q double-mutant CocE, which is active for approximately 6 hours at body temperature. 

Currently
there is no specific pharmacotherapy indicated for cocaine intoxication, a state characterized by acute agitation, hyperthermia, tachycardia,
arrhythmias, and hypertension, with the potential life-threatening sequalae of myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, rhabdomyolysis,
respiratory failure, and seizures. Patients are currently managed only by supportive care for the adverse effects of cocaine overdose
on the cardiovascular and central nervous systems. By targeting the cause of cocaine intoxication, rather than the symptoms like other
medicines in emergency usage, we believe TNX-1300 may offer significant advantages to the current standard of care for cocaine overdose.
TNX-1300 was developed by Columbia University, University of Kentucky and University of Michigan, and in-licensed by Tonix from Columbia
University in 2019. 

In
a Phase 2 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study, TNX-1300 at 100 mg or 200 mg i.v. doses was well tolerated and
interrupted cocaine effects after cocaine 50 mg i.v. challenge. 

In August 2022, we announced that we received a Cooperative Agreement grant
from the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), to support development of TNX-1300.
The Company expects to initiate a new Phase 2 clinical study of TNX-1300 for the treatment of cocaine intoxication in the second quarter
of 2023, pending agreement on protocol design with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The Phase 2 trial is a single-blind, open-label,
placebo-controlled, randomized study comparing the safety of a single 200 mg dose of TNX-1300 to standard of care alone in approximately
60 emergency department patients presenting with cocaine intoxication. A positive Phase 2a study of volunteer cocaine users in a controlled
laboratory setting has been previously completed. TNX-1300 has been granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA. 

As a biologic and new molecular entity, TNX-1300 is eligible for 12 years
of U.S. market exclusivity upon approval by the FDA, in addition to expected patent protection through 2029. Since in-licensing, Tonix
has requalified existing inventory, developed a lyophilized drug product to facilitate enhanced stability and handling conditions applicable
for an ER treatment, updated the process and analytical methods to current standards and is in the process of manufacturing Phase 2/3
drug product clinical supply. 

TNX-2900
 Prader-Willi Syndrome 

TNX-2900
is based on our patented intranasal potentiated oxytocin formulation, or TNX-1900, but being developed for Prader-Willi syndrome. Tonix
licensed technology using oxytocin-based therapeutics for the treatment of Prader-Willi syndrome and non-organic failure to thrive disease
from the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research (Inserm). The licensing agreement has been negotiated and signed by
Inserm Transfert, the private subsidiary of Inserm, on behalf of Inserm (the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research),
Aix-Marseille Universit and Centre Hospitalier Universitaire of Toulouse. Prader-Willi syndrome is recognized as the most common
genetic cause of life-threatening childhood obesity and affects males and females with equal frequency and all races and ethnicities.
There is currently no approved treatment for either the suckling deficit in infants or the obesity and hyperphagia in older children associated
with Prader-Willi syndrome. Since Prader-Willi syndrome is an orphan disease that occurs in approximately one in 15,000 births, Tonix
has been granted Orphan Drug Designation for TNX-2900 by the FDA. Tonix completed a pre-IND meeting with the FDA in November 2022 to discuss
the most efficient and appropriate investigational plan to establish the safety and effectiveness evidence to support the approval of
TNX-2900. 

In
2022, Tonix entered into a research collaboration with Inserm involving in vitro and in vivo animal studies designed to validate and characterize
the role of oxytocin in suckling and in the maturation of feeding behavior during infancy in order to support an intranasal therapeutic
approach to restore a normal nutritive suckling. The studies will include mice that have been engineered to precisely recapitulate the
genetic issue underlying Prader-Willi in humans. 

The
mechanisms involved in suckling activity required for normal feeding and the role of oxytocin system in this process will be investigated.
The results of this work are expected to be useful in the clinical care of infants requiring support to achieve efficient suckling behavior.
Intranasal oxytocin has previously been shown to improve suckling in newborn animals and suppress feeding behaviors in adult animal models. 

TNX-1500
 Organ Transplant Rejection/Autoimmune Conditions 

TNX-1500 is a humanized mAb directed against CD40-ligand, or CD40L (also
known as CD154), engineered to modulate binding to Fc receptors, that is being developed to prevent and treat organ transplant rejection
as well as to treat autoimmune conditions. TNX-1500 incorporates the antigen binding fragment (Fab) region of hu5c8, which has been extensively
characterized including at the atomic level in complex with CD40-ligand. 

In experiments at the Massachusetts General Hospital, a teaching hospital
of Harvard Medical School, TNX-1500 is being studied as monotherapy or in combination with immunosuppressive drugs in heart and kidney
organ transplants in non-human primates. Preliminary results from ongoing animal experiments in kidney and heart allogeneic transplants
indicate that TNX-1500 appears to have comparable efficacy to historical experiments using the chimeric mouse/primate version of the anti-CD40L
mAb 5c8, but to date has not shown evidence of the thromboembolic adverse events associated with the first generation mAb directed against
CD40L. 

13 

CD40-ligand
is a protein expressed on the surface of activated T lymphocytes that mediates T cell helper function. CD40-ligand is also known as CD154,
the T cell-B cell activating molecule (T-BAM), TRAP and gp39. CD154 is a member of the Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) Super Family. No mAb
against CD154 has been approved for commercial use anywhere in the world. Other TNF Super Family members have been successfully targeted
by antagonist mAbs. Approved mAbs against TNF include: infliximab (Remicade ), adalimumab (Humira ), certolizumab pegol
(Cimzia ), and golimumab (Simponi for the treatment of certain autoimmune conditions. Also, etanercept (Enbrel is a
TNF antagonist receptor fusion protein. An approved mAb against RANKL (CD254) is denosumab (Prolia or Xgeva for the
treatment of osteoporosis, treatment-induced bone loss, metastases to bone, and giant cell tumor of bone. 

In
January 2021, the World Intellectual Property Organization published a patent application filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty covering
TNX-1500, a humanized mAb directed against CD40-ligand, which is also known as CD154. The patent application is titled Anti-CD154
Antibodies and Uses Thereof and published under International Publication No. WO 2021/001458 A1. The application entered national
phase in December 2021. The patent applications include claims related to proprietary anti-human CD40-ligand mAbs that were engineered
to have modified effector function, including TNX-1500, which have reduced potential for Fc binding to Fc RII. The patent applications
also claim uses of TNX-1500 for preventing and treating conditions, such as organ transplant rejection and autoimmune disorders. If claims
are granted, a patent issuing from a national stage of this application could potentially provide U.S. patent coverage for the TNX-1500
composition of matter through 2040 excluding possible patent term extensions or patent term adjustments. We also have filed a PCT patent
application, PCT/US2022/011404, in January 2022, entitled Methods of Inducing Immune Tolerance with Modified Anti-CD154 Antibodies. 
It claims methods of inducing immune tolerance in transplant recipients using anti-CD154 antibodies having modified effector functions.
Tonix completed a pre-IND meeting with the FDA in October 2022 to discuss the most efficient and appropriate investigational plan to establish
the safety and effectiveness evidence to support the licensure of TNX-1500. We expect to start a Phase 1 study of TNX-1500 in the second
quarter of 2023. 

Remicade 
and Simponi are trademarks of Janssen; Humira is a trademark of AbbVie Inc.; Cimzia is a trademark of UCB S. A.; Enbrel ,
Prolia and Xgeva are trademarks of Amgen Inc. 

TNX-801
 Potential Smallpox and Mpox Vaccine 

TNX-801 is a novel
potential smallpox- and mpox-preventing vaccine based on a synthetic version of live horsepox virus, grown in cell culture. Though
it shares structural characteristics with vaccinia-based vaccines, TNX-801 has unique properties that we believe indicate potential
safety advantages over existing live replicating vaccinia virus vaccines, which have been associated with adverse side effects
such as myopericarditis in some individuals. Emergent BioSolutions ACAM2000 is the only replicating vaccinia
virus vaccine currently approved by the FDA to protect against smallpox. We believe replicating virus vaccines have potential efficacy
advantages over non-replicating vaccines, relating to the stimulation of cell mediated immunity. Bavarian Nordic s Jynneos 
is the only non-replicating virus vaccine currently approved by the FDA to protect against smallpox and mpox. We believe TNX-801
has the potential to have improved tolerability relative to replicating vaccinia vaccines and the potential to have improved efficacy
relative to non-replicating vaccinia vaccines. 

Smallpox was eradicated
by a World Health Organization program that vaccinated individuals with live replicating vaccinia vaccines wherever smallpox appeared.
In the 1970s, vaccination of civilians to protect against smallpox was discontinued in the U.S.; however, smallpox remains a material
threat to national security and a proportion of military personnel, including members of the Global Response Force, continue to
be vaccinated. We are developing TNX-801 as a potential smallpox- and mpox-preventing vaccine for the U.S. strategic national stockpile
and for potential widespread immunization in the event of malicious reintroduction of variola, the virus that causes smallpox. 

Mpox
is a growing problem in certain regions of Africa. Starting in May of 2022, cases of mpox have been reported outside of Africa in patients
who had not been infected while in Africa. More than 30,000 cases in the U.S. have been reported according to the U.S. Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention. 

In
January 2020 at the American Society of Microbiology Biothreats conference, we reported the results of experiments on TNX-801 that were
performed in collaboration with Southern Research, that showed TNX-801 vaccinated macaques were protected against monkeypox challenge.
The TNX-801 vaccinated macaques showed no overt clinical signs after monkeypox challenge. Furthermore, eight of eight animals vaccinated
with two different doses of TNX-801 showed no lesions after monkeypox challenge. Those studies were published as an article in the peer
reviewed journal, Viruses in 2023. 

We
hold a U.S. Patent for TNX-801 smallpox and mpox vaccine and Recombinant Pox Virus (RPV) platform technology. This patent is expected
to provide Tonix with U.S. market exclusivity until 2037, excluding any possible patent term extensions or patent term adjustments. In
addition, we expect that TNX-801 will be eligible for 12 years of non-patent-based exclusivity under the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, or PPACA. 

We
intend to meet with the FDA to discuss the most efficient and appropriate investigational plan for TNX-801, to establish the safety and
effectiveness evidence to support the licensure TNX-801. We are currently working to develop a vaccine that meets cGMP quality to support
a clinical study. A Phase 1 study of TNX-801 is expected to be initiated in the second half of 2023. 

TNX-1850
 Potential COVID-19 Vaccine 

Our
infectious disease portfolio includes a platform for vaccines for COVID-19. TNX-1800 is live virus vaccine based on our RPV platform that
expresses the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein from the ancestral Wuhan strain. Because the subsequent omicron variant has out-competed the ancestral
Wuhan strain, we are now planning new versions of this vaccine, TNX-1840 and TNX-1850, that are designed to express spike protein from
the omicron variant and from the BA.2 variant, respectively. Each of these RPV vaccines is being developed to protect against COVID-19
primarily by eliciting T cell responses. 

14 

The
COVID-19 vaccines that are approved for use, or have emergency use authorization, or EUA, in the U.S. have provided significant health
benefits to the vaccinated population; however, they are showing limitations in the durability of protection conferred and in their ability
to block forward transmission. Live virus vaccines that protect against other viral diseases by eliciting T cell responses have shown
durability of protection that lasts years to decades and some live virus vaccines have significantly inhibited forward transmission. 

We reported positive efficacy data for the TNX-1800 (spike from Wuhan strain)
from animal challenge studies using live SARS-CoV-2 in the first quarter of 2021. In this study, TNX-1800 vaccinated, SARS-CoV-2 challenged
animals had undetectable SARS-CoV-2 in the upper airways, which we believe relates to potential inhibition of forward transmission of
this respiratory pathogen. This study of non-human primates compared TNX-1800 (modified horsepox virus encoding CoV-2 spike protein) to
TNX-801 (horsepox virus, live vaccine) at two doses. A control group received a placebo. Each of these five groups (TNX-1800 high and
low dose; TNX-801 high and low dose and placebo) included four animals. At day 41 after vaccination (or placebo), each animal was exposed
to SARS-COV-2 by intra-tracheal (1 x 10 6 TCID50) and intra-nasal (1 x 10 6 TCID50) administration. Upper airway virus
was studied by oropharyngeal swabs and lower airway virus by tracheal lavage using qRT-PCR to determine the number of genome copies of
SARS-CoV-2 present in the samples. Six days after challenge, no (0/8) samples taken from animals vaccinated with TNX-1800 showed infection
(more than 1,000 genome copies of SARS CoV-2) in either upper or lower airway samples. In contrast, all (8/8) animals vaccinated with
the control vaccine TNX-801 showed infection in either the upper or lower airway samples as did all (4/4) monkeys vaccinated with vehicle
control. At day 14 after a single vaccination, all eight of the TNX-1800 vaccinated animals made anti-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies 1:40
titer) and, as expected, none of the eight TNX-801 vaccinated control animals, or any of the four animals in the placebo group made anti-CoV-2
neutralizing antibodies 1:10 titer). At 6 days after CoV-2 challenge, TNX-1800 vaccinated animals showed neutralizing antibody
titers of 1:1280 titer). The level of neutralizing anti-CoV-2 antibody production was similar between the low and high dose TNX-1800
groups (1 x 10 6 Plaque Forming Units [PFU] and 3 x 10 6 PFU, (respectively). For unvaccinated animals challenged
with SARS-CoV-2, neutralizing antibodies were measurable after vaccination 1:40 titer) that were lower and appeared later than
neutralizing antibodies in TNX-1800 vaccinated animals. TNX-1800 and TNX-801 were well tolerated at both doses. Further, as an expected
additional outcome, all 16 animals vaccinated with either dose of TNX-1800 or the control TNX-801 manifested a take , or
cutaneous response, signaling that the horsepox vector elicits a strong T cell immune response. These results support the expectation
that TNX-1800 at the low dose of 1 x 10 6 PFU is an appropriate dose for a one-shot vaccine in humans and indicate that 100
doses per vial is the target format for commercialization, which is well suited to manufacturing and distribution at large scale. 

Together,
these data show that TNX-1800 induces protection against SARS-COV-2 infection in non-human primates. These data confirm that take 
is a biomarker of protection of upper and lower airways from SARS-CoV-2 challenge, and a biomarker of immunological response to TNX-1800 s
cargo COVID-19 antigen, which is the CoV-2 spike protein. Tonix completed a pre-IND meeting with the FDA to discuss the most efficient
and appropriate investigational plan to establish the safety and effectiveness evidence to support the licensure of TNX-1800. We believe
that the animal data and manufacturing process information that we have developed for TNX-1800 will facilitate expedited development of
TNX-1840 and TNX-1850. In addition, we believe the RPV platform can be engineered to express relevant protein antigens from different
infectious diseases to make a variety of vaccines. 

In
June 2020, we announced a partnership with FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies (FDBT) to provide contract manufacturing and development
services to support the manufacturing of our COVID-19 vaccine candidate at the time, TNX-1800, for clinical trial supply. In February
2022, this contract ended. We continue to work with other third party CMOs for the manufacturing and development of TNX-1850, in addition
to ultimately planning to utilize our in-house manufacturing capabilities which are currently in development. 

Tonix
announced the issuance of U.S. Patent for TNX-801 smallpox and mpox vaccine and Recombinant Pox Virus (RPV) platform technology. This
patent is expected to provide Tonix with U.S. market exclusivity until 2037, excluding any possible patent term extensions or patent term
adjustments, and also expect 12 years of non-patent-based exclusivity under PPACA. 

Our
preclinical pipeline of drugs and biologic candidates also includes TNX-1600, a preclinical candidate for PTSD, ADHD and depression; TNX-1700
a preclinical candidate for cancers of the gastrointestinal system; TNX-2300, a live-virus vaccine based on bovine parainfluenza virus
for COVID-19; TNX-3600, a COVID-19 therapeutic platform; TNX-3700, a COVID-19 vaccine; TNX-3800, a COVID-19 Therapeutic/Preventative. 

Tonix s
Facilities Overview 

Relating to our COVID-19
and other infectious disease development programs, we are developing the resources necessary to enable internal research, development
and manufacturing capabilities necessary to meet the goal of producing new vaccine candidates within 100 days and new diagnostics
within weeks of obtaining sequence information of a novel pathogen. We seek to be a leader in the movement to re-build domestic
U.S. research, development and manufacturing capabilities. Because this movement follows a protracted period when domestic research,
development and manufacturing were moved out of the U.S., or off-shore by other companies to save on labor and other
costs, the movement to reverse that trend has been described as on-shoring or re-domestication . The
COVID-19 pandemic taught that national borders may close during a health emergency. Therefore, domestic capabilities are essential
for the health security of the U.S., which has also been described as pandemic preparedness and biodefense. As articulated in the
American Pandemic Preparedness Plan, or AP3 released by the U.S. Office of Science and Technology Policy, this 100-day goal for
vaccines is a key component of preparedness for future pandemics. We are establishing the infrastructure necessary to support the
pandemic preparedness goals established in the AP3, specifically with respect to our RPV vaccine platform and potentially to other
vaccine and therapeutic platforms. 

The
Research Development Center (RDC) 

We own the approximately
48,000 square foot RDC facility in Frederick, Maryland. The RDC facility is operational and focuses on our development of vaccines and
antiviral drugs against COVID-19, its variants, and other infectious diseases. The RDC also conducts research on CNS and immunology drugs.
The RDC facility is biosafety level 2 (BSL-2) with BSL-3 components. The RDC currently employs 26 staff. At full capacity, the RDC can
employ 80-100 scientists and technical support staff. 

The
Advanced Development Center (ADC) 

The
ADC located in the New Bedford business park in Dartmouth, Massachusetts is operational and intended to accelerate development and clinical
scale manufacturing of live-virus vaccines and biologics to support Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials. ADC includes single-use bioreactors
and purification suites with equipment for Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) production of vaccines for and biologics clinical trials,
including the capability of producing sterile vaccines in glass bottles. 

The
ADC is an approximately 45,000 square foot BSL-2 facility that currently employs 35 staff. At full capacity, the facility can employ up
to 70 researchers, scientists, manufacturing, and technical support staff. 

15 

The
Commercial Manufacturing Center (CMC) 

We
intend to build the CMC in Hamilton, Montana where we purchased approximately 44 acres of land. The site is on land designated by Ravalli
County as a Target Economic Development District. The CMC will focus on developing and manufacturing Phase 3 and commercial scale live-virus
vaccines and biologics and is also intended to be BSL-2. We have constructed a field office on the site to direct construction. 

Competition 

Our
industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug companies, academic institutions, government agencies and research
institutions. We believe that key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates
are efficacy, safety, tolerability, reliability, price and reimbursement level. Many of our potential competitors, including many of the
organizations named below, have substantially greater financial, technical, and human resources than we do and significantly greater experience
in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining the FDA s and other regulatory approvals of products and the commercialization
of those products. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than we may be in obtaining FDA approval for drugs and achieving
widespread market acceptance. Our competitors drugs may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any drug
we may commercialize and may render our product candidates obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover the expenses of developing
and commercializing any of our product candidates. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs enter
the market and advanced technologies become available. Further, the development of new treatment methods for the conditions we are targeting
could render our drugs non-competitive or obsolete. Summarized below is the competitive landscape for the indications in which Tonix has
product candidates in or nearing the clinical stages of development. 

Fibromyalgia

Products approved for the
treatment of fibromyalgia include Lyrica (pregabalin), marketed by Pfizer; Cymbalta (duloxetine), marketed by Eli Lilly; and Savella 
(milnacipran), marketed by Allergan (acquired by AbbVie). Tonix is aware of several other companies developing treatments for fibromyalgia
including Virios Therapeutics, Axsome Therapeutics, Tryp Therapeutics, Biomind Labs, Cortene, and Sorrento Therapeutics. 

Chronic or
Episodic Migraine Prophylaxis 

Currently there are several classes of drugs that are approved for the
prophylactic treatment of chronic or episodic migraine, including generic beta blockers (propranolol, timolol), and anticonvulsants (divalproex,
topiramate). Other drug classes that are used off-label to treat migraine prophylaxis, include tricyclic antidepressants (e.g., amitriptyline).
Also, Allergan markets Botox (onabotulinumtoxinA). More recently, several products have received FDA approval including Aimovig 
(erenumab), which is marketed by Amgen/Novartis; Ajovy (fremanezumab), which is marketed by Teva Pharmaceuticals; Emgality 
(galcanezumab) which is marketed by Eli Lilly; and Yvepti (eptinezumab), which is marketed by Lundbeck. Also, Nurtec ODT (Rimegepant)
was more recently approved as both a preventive and an acute treatment for episodic migraine, marketed by Pfizer; and Qulipta (atogepant)
was approved for prevention of episodic migraine, marketed by AbbVie. We are aware of other companies working to develop therapeutics
for the treatment or prophylaxis of migraine including Astrocyte Pharmaceuticals, Protox, Kallyope, Crystec Pharma, Pulmatrix, and Epalex. 

Major Depressive
Disorder 

Many antidepressant medications
are beyond their patent life and are generally produced by generic drug companies, including several compounds in the tricyclic class
(e.g., amitriptyline), the serotonin-selective reuptake inhibitor class (e.g, fluoxetine, paroxetine and sertraline), the serotonin-norepinephrine
reuptake inhibitor class (e.g., venlafaxine), as well as the norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor, bupropion. Recently, Auvelity,
developed by Axsome Therapeutics, and Vraylar, developed by Allergan, received FDA approval. Tonix is aware of several companies developing
novel prescription medicines for depression including Janssen, Neumora Therapeutics (formerly BlackThorn Therapeutics), Sage Therapeutics,
Relmada Therapeutics, Clexio Biosciences Ltd., Otsuka, Seelos Therapeutics, Biomind Labs, FSD Pharma, Bright Minds Bioscienes, Vistagen,
Alto Neuroscience, Addex Therapeutics, and BetterLife Pharma. 

Long COVID
(Post-Acute Sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 Infection or PASC) 

There currently are no approved
products for the treatment of long COVID/PASC. Tonix is aware of several other companies developing therapeutics for long COVID including
Direct Biologics, American CryoStem, HopeBiosciences, Axcella Health Inc., Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Pieris Pharmaceuticals, Resolve Therapeutics,
PaxMedia, GeNeuro, Organicell, Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Lyramid, Virios Therapeutics, Berlin Cures, and Statera Biopharma. 

PTSD 

Products approved for
the treatment of PTSD include Paxil (paroxetine), marketed by GlaxoSmithKline and Zoloft (sertraline), marketed by
Pfizer. Tonix is aware of other companies working to develop therapeutics for the treatment of PTSD including Bionomics, Otsuka/Lundbeck,
Nobilis Therapeutics, Bright Minds Biosciences, Alto Neuroscience, Addex Therapeutics, Ophidion, Artelo Biosciences, Roche, Boehringer
Ingelheim, NRx Pharmaceuticals, Nanomerics, Seelos Therapeutics, and the Multidisciplinary Association of Psychedelic Studies (MAPS).
Acadia Pharmaceuticals is testing Nuplazid (pimavanserin) for the treatment of insomnia in veterans with PTSD. 

Cocaine Intoxication 

There are no approved antidotes
for the treatment of cocaine intoxication. Patients generally receive supportive care. Tonix is not aware of any drugs in development
for the treatment of cocaine intoxication. 

Anti-CD40-ligand
Monoclonal Antibodies 

Tonix is aware of several
companies developing biologics that target the CD40L molecule and block its interaction with CD40 including UCB/Biogen, Eledon
Pharmaceuticals, Horizon Therapeutics Plc. (which is being acquired by Amgen), Lundbeck (in partnership with Aprilbio), and Sanofi.
Furthermore, Tonix is aware of several companies developing antagonistic anti-CD40 mAbs including Novartis, Boehringer
Ingelheim, Kiniska Pharmaceuticals, Boston Immune Therapies, and NapaJen Pharma, Inc. 

Prader-Willi
Syndrome 

There are no approved products
for the treatment of Prader-Willi syndrome. Patients generally receive care to best manage individual symptom presentation. Tonix is aware
of two companies developing a therapeutic for Prader Willi Syndrome including Acadia (which purchased Levo Therapeutics in 2022) and OT4B.
Several other companies are developing treatments for Prader-Willi syndrome including Aadvark Therapeutics, ConSynance Therapeutics, Soleno
Therapeutics, Lipidio Pharma, Helsinn, Inversago Pharma, Saniona, 9 Meters Biopharma, Neuren Pharmaceuticals, Neuracle Science, Harmony
Biosciences, and Notitia Biotechnologies. 

16 

Gastric and
Colorectal Cancer 

Tonix is developing a small peptide/biologic
for the treatment of gastric and colorectal cancer. Tonix is aware of several other companies developing biologics for the treatment of
gastric and colorectal cancer including Bexion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Faeth Therapeutics Inc., PDS Biotechnology Corp, and F-star Alpha
Ltd. 

COVID-19
Vaccine 

Vaccines granted full
FDA regulatory approval include Comirnaty (BNT162b2), marketed by Pfizer-BioNTech and Spikevax (mRNA-1273), marketed
by Moderna. Ad.26.COV2S, developed by Janssen, has FDA approval for limited use. Covovax (NVX-CoV2373), developed by Novavax,
has received EUA from the FDA. Other vaccines have received EUA in international markets. 

Smallpox
and Mpox Vaccines and Antivirals 

Vaccines approved for
the prevention of smallpox include ACAM2000 , marketed by Emergent BioSolutions and JYNNEOS , marketed by Bavarian Nordic.
JYNNEOS is also approved for the prevention of mpox. Approved antivirals for smallpox include TPOXX , marketed by SIGA
and TEMBEXA , marketed by Chimerix. These antivirals are not FDA approved for the treatment of mpox. Tonix is aware of other
companies developing treatments for smallpox and mpox including EpiVax, HK inno.N, BioFactura, Blue Water Vaccines, NightHawk Biosciences,
Ascletis, and Hyundai Biosciences. 

Intellectual Property 

We believe that we have an
extensive patent portfolio and substantial know-how relating to TNX-102 SL, TNX-1300, TNX-1500, TNX-601 ER, TNX-801 and our other product
candidates. Our patent portfolio, described more fully below, includes claims directed to various compositions and methods of use related
to our product candidates. As of March 8, 2023, the patents we are either the owner of record of or own the contractual right to include
34 issued U.S. patents and 271 issued non-U.S. patents. We are actively pursuing an additional 32 U.S. patent applications, of which
7 are provisional and 25 are non-provisional, 11 international patent applications, and 247 non-U.S./non-international patent applications. 

We strive to protect the proprietary
technology that we believe is important to our business, including our proprietary technology platform, our product candidates, and our
processes. We seek patent protection in the U.S. and internationally for our products, their methods of use and processes of manufacture,
and any other technology to which we have rights, where available and when appropriate. We also rely on trade secrets that may be important
to the development of our business. 

Our success will depend on 1)
the ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary rights in commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related
to our business, 2) the validity and enforceability of our patents, 3) the continued confidentiality of our trade secrets, and 4) our
ability to operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We also rely on continuing
technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 

We cannot be certain that patents
will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications we may own or license
in the future, nor can we be certain that any of our existing patents or any patents we may own or license in the future will be useful
in protecting our technology. For this and more comprehensive risks related to our intellectual property, please see Risk Factors Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property. 

The term of individual patents
depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent
term is 20 years from the date of filing the first non-provisional priority application. In the United States, a patent s term may
be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the PTO in granting a patent or may
be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent. 

The term of a U.S. patent that
covers a drug approved by the FDA or methods of making or using that drug may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits
patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Drug Price Competition
and Patent Term Restoration Act, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, is a federal law that encourages new drug research by restoring patent
term lost to regulatory delays by permitting a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the statutory 20-year term of the patent
for the approved product or its methods of manufacture or use if the active ingredient has not been previously approved in the U.S. The
length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review. A patent term extension cannot
extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an
approved drug may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and some other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a
patent that covers an approved drug. 

When possible, depending upon
the length of clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of an NDA, we expect to apply for patent term extensions for patents
covering our product candidates and their methods of use. 

The patent portfolios for our
proprietary technology platform and our most advanced product candidates as of March 8, 2023 are summarized below. 

17 

TNX-102
SL Central Nervous System Conditions 

Our
patent portfolio for TNX-102 SL includes patent applications directed to compositions of matter of CBP, formulations containing CBP, and
methods for treating CNS conditions, such as TNX-102 SL for PTSD, for acute stress disorder, for sleep disturbances in fibromyalgia, for
alcohol abuse, for disordered sleep, for sexual dysfunction, for depression in fibromyalgia, fatigue, e.g., CAP rates, post-acute sequelae
of SARS-CoV-2 infection, and for agitation in neurodegenerative conditions, e.g., AAD, utilizing these compositions and formulations. 

Certain
eutectic compositions were discovered by development partners and are termed the Eutectic Technology. The patent portfolio
for TNX-102 SL relating to the Eutectic Technology includes patent applications directed to eutectic compositions containing CBP, eutectic
CBP formulations, methods for treating PTSD and other CNS conditions utilizing eutectic CBP compositions and formulations, and methods
of manufacturing eutectic CBP compositions. The Eutectic Technology patent portfolio includes U.S. patents, such as U.S. Patent No. 9,636,408,
U.S. Patent No. 9,956,188, U.S. Patent No. 10,117,936, U.S. Patent No. 10,357,465, U.S. Patent No. 10,864,175, and U.S. Patent No. 11,026,898.
If U.S. and non-U.S. patents claiming priority from those applications issue, those patents would expire in 2034 or 2035, excluding any
patent term adjustments or extensions. 

The
unique pharmacokinetic profile of TNX-102 SL, or the PK Technology, was discovered by Tonix and its development partners. The patent portfolio
for TNX-102 SL relating to the PK Technology includes patent applications directed to compositions of matter of CBP, formulations containing
CBP, methods for treating PTSD, agitation in neurodegenerative conditions, and other CNS conditions utilizing these compositions and formulations.
The PK Technology patent portfolio includes U.S. Patent Application No. 13/918,692. If U.S. and non-U.S. patents claiming priority from
those applications issue, those patents would expire in 2033, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

On
May 2, 2017, U.S. Patent No. 9,636,408 entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride ,
issued. The patent claims recite pharmaceutical compositions comprising the eutectic. The patent claims also recite methods of manufacturing
the eutectic. 

On
September 13, 2017, European patent 2,501,234, entitled Methods and Compositions for Treating Symptoms Associated with PTSD Using
Cyclobenzaprine , issued. This patent recites the use of CBP for the treatment of PTSD, which covers the use of TNX-102 SL for the
treatment of PTSD, since the active ingredient in TNX-102 SL is CBP and provides TNX-102 SL with European market exclusivity until 2030
and may be extended based on the timing of the European marketing authorization of TNX-102 SL for PTSD. In response to an opposition
filed in June 2018 by a German law firm, the European Patent Office s Opposition Division in October 2019 upheld the patent in unamended
form. Opponent has appealed. The Technical Board of the European Patent Office has canceled the April 27, 2023 Oral Proceedings
pending the decision of the Enlarged Board of Appeal in G 2/21 (plausibility), which seeks to clarify whether a technical effect can be
relied on when proof for the effect rests solely in post-published evidence and what role, if any, plausibility should play in this assessment. 

On
December 15, 2017, Japanese Patent No. 6259452, entitled Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal Absorption, issued. 
These claims relate to the pharmacokinetic profile of TNX-102 SL. 

On
August 3, 2022, European Patent No. 2861223, entitled Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal Absorption, issued. 
These claims relate to the pharmacokinetic profile of TNX-102 SL. 

On
March 20, 2018, U.S. Patent No. 9,918,948 entitled Methods and Compositions for Treating Symptoms Associated with PTSD Using Cyclobenzaprine, 
issued. The claims recite a method of using TNX-102 SL s active ingredient cyclobenzaprine to treat PTSD and provides TNX-102 SL
with US market exclusivity until 2030, excluding any patent term extensions. 

On
March 23, 2018, Japanese Patent No. 6310542 entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride ,
issued. The claims recite pharmaceutical compositions comprising the eutectics and methods of manufacturing these eutectic formulations. 

On
May 1, 2018, U.S. Patent No. 9,956,188, entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride ,
issued. The claims recite a eutectic of cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride and mannitol and methods of making those eutectics. 

On
November 6, 2018, U.S. Patent No. 10,117,936, entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
Hydrochloride , issued. The claims recite pharmaceutical compositions of eutectics of cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride and mannitol
and methods of making those compositions. 

On
April 16, 2019, Chinese Patent No. ZL 201480024011.1 entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
Hydrochloride , issued. The claims recite pharmaceutical compositions comprising eutectics of cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride and
mannitol and methods of making those compositions. 

On
July 23, 2019, U.S. Patent No. 10,357,465 entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride , issued. The claims
recite pharmaceutical compositions comprising eutectics of cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride and mannitol and methods of making those compositions. 

On
December 11, 2019, European patent 2968992, entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride , issued. This
patent recites pharmaceutical compositions comprising a eutectic of mannitol and Cyclobenzaprine HCl and methods of making the same. In
response to an opposition filed in September 2020 by Hexal AG, the European Patent Office s Opposition Division upheld the patent
in unamended form in the January 2022 oral proceedings. The written decision is pending. 

On
December 25, 2019, European patent 2,683,245, entitled Methods and Compositions for Treating Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine ,
issued. The claims recite the use of CBP for the treatment of depression in a FM patient. This patent provides TNX-102 SL with European
market exclusivity until March 2032 and may be extended based on the timing of the European marketing authorization of TNX-102 SL for
depression in a FM patient. In September 2020, Hexal AG filed an opposition against this patent. The European Patent Office s Opposition
Division upheld the patent claims in unamended form at the February 2022 oral proceedings. The written decision is pending. 

On
December 15, 2020, U.S. Patent No. 10,864,175 entitled Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
Hydrochloride , issued. The claims recite a eutectic comprising cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride and beta-mannitol. 

18 

On
April 8, 2021, U.S. non-provisional Patent Application No. 17/226,058 and International Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/026492, entitled
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual Dysfunction were filed. The PCT application is now nationalized in Australia, Canada,
China, European Patent Office and Japan. On October 5, 2022, International Patent Application No. PCT/US2022/045791, entitled Cyclobenzaprine
Treatment for Sexual Dysfunction was filed. The claims of these applications are directed to methods using pharmaceutical compositions
and combinations for treating sexual dysfunction with cyclobenzaprine or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of cyclobenzaprine. 

On
October 25, 2016 and July 28, 2020, U.S. Patent No. 9,474,728 and U.S. Patent No. 10,722,478, entitled Methods and Compositions
for Treating Fatigue Associated with Disordered Sleep Using Very Low Dose Cyclobenzaprine , issued, respectively. The claims are
directed to a method for monitoring the effectiveness of cyclobenzaprine treatment for disordered sleep and method for reducing CAP rates
A2 or A3 by treating a subject with a pharmaceutical composition comprising cyclobenzaprine. 

On
December 11, 2018, U.S. non-provisional Patent Application No. 16/215,952 and International Patent Application No. PCT/IB2018/001509,
entitled Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation, Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions, 
were filed. The PCT application is now nationalized in 16 countries. The claims are directed to methods for treating or preventing agitation,
cognitive decline, psychosis, and associated symptoms thereof using pharmaceutical compositions and combinations with cyclobenzaprine
or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of cyclobenzaprine. 

On
August 20, 2019, International Patent Application No. PCT/IB2019/000940, entitled Methods of Treating Acute Stress Disorder and
Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, was filed. The PCT application is now nationalized in 18 countries. The claims are directed to methods
of treating acute stress disorder or post-traumatic stress disorder in a subject who has experienced a traumatic event using pharmaceutical
compositions with cyclobenzaprine, amitriptyline or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of cyclobenzaprine or amitriptyline. 

On
November 19, 2021, International Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/060011, entitled Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Alcohol Use Disorder, 
was filed. The claims are directed to methods for treating alcohol use disorder and associated symptoms using pharmaceutical compositions
with cyclobenzaprine or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of cyclobenzaprine. 

On
December 7, 2021, International Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/062244, entitled, Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Fibromyalgia, 
was filed. The claims are directed to methods for treating fibromyalgia and its associated symptoms of pain, sleep disturbance and/or
fatigue by transmucosally administering a eutectic with cyclobenzaprine hydrochloride and mannitol in dosage units with a basifying agent. 

TNX-1900
 Oxytocin-based treatments for Migraine, Pain, Insulin Resistance, Diabetes and Obesity 

We
have acquired the migraine and pain treatment technologies of Trigemina, Inc., and have assumed its license rights to related technologies
from The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University. TNX-1900, an enhanced formulation of nasal oxytocin, has demonstrated
activity in several non-clinical studies in pain, including migraine. 

As
part of our acquisition, we acquired International Patent Application No. PCT/US2016/012512, filed on January 7, 2016, entitled Magnesium-Containing
Oxytocin Formulations and Methods of Use (nationalized in 13 countries). We also acquired U.S. Patent Nos. 9,629,894 and 11,389,473,
entitled Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations and Methods of Use , which will expire in January 2036, excluding any
patent term extensions. We also have rights to International Patent Application No. PCT/US2019/020419, filed on April 12, 2017, entitled
 Labeled Oxytocin and Method of Manufacture and Use (nationalized in the U.S., European Patent Office and Japan). 

We
have entered into an exclusive license to the University of Geneva s technology for using oxytocin to treat insulin resistance and
related syndromes, including obesity. This license expands our intranasal potentiated oxytocin development program, TNX-1900, into cardiometabolic
syndromes. Under the license, we have rights to European Patent No. EP2571511B1, entitled New Uses of Oxytocin-like Molecules and
Related Methods. We also have rights to U.S. Patent No. 9,101,569, entitled Methods for the Treatment of Insulin Resistance. 
The U.S. and non-U.S. patents expire in May 2031, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions. 

TNX-2900
 Oxytocin-based therapeutics treatments for Prader-Willi syndrome 

We
have licensed technology using oxytocin-based therapeutics for the treatment of Prader-Willi syndrome and non-organic failure to thrive
disease from the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research (INSERM). The co-exclusive license relates to TNX-2900, an intranasal
potentiated oxytocin, for the treatment of Prader-Willi syndrome and other feeding disorders. Under the license, we have rights to European
Patent No. EP2575853B1, entitled Methods and Pharmaceutical Composition for the Treatment of a Feeding Disorder with Early-Onset
in a Patient U.S. Patent No. 8,853,158, entitled Methods for the Treatment of a Feeding Disorder with Onset During Neonate
Development Using an Agonist of the Oxytocin Receptor and U.S. Patent No. 9,125,862, entitled Methods for the Treatment
of Prader-Willi-like Syndrome or Non-Organic Failure to Thrive (NOFITT) Feeding Disorder Using an Agonist of the Oxytocin Receptor. 
The U.S. and non-U.S. patents expire in May 2031, excluding any patent term extensions. 

TNX-601
and TNX-601 ER Depression, Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Neurocognitive Dysfunction 

Our
patent portfolio for tianeptine oxalate includes U.S. Patent No. 9,314,469 and European Patent No. 2,299,822, both entitled Method
for Treating Neurocognitive Dysfunction , which issued on April 29, 2016 and July 26, 2017, respectively. The 822 patent
recites pharmaceutical compositions comprising various compounds (which include tianeptine) and uses thereof. This patent provides
TNX-601 with European market exclusivity until April 2029 and may be extended based on the timing of the European marketing authorization
of TNX-601 for neurocognitive side effects associated with the use of corticosteroids. The 469 patent claims methods of treating
cognitive impairment associated with corticosteroid treatment using compounds, including tianeptine, excluding patent term extensions,
the patent provides TNX-601 with US marketing exclusivity until 2028. 

On
February 27, 2019, European Patent No. 3,246,031 entitled Method for Treating Neurodegenerative Dysfunction, issued. The
claims recite the use of TNX-601, or tianeptine oxalate and other salts, for treating neurocognitive dysfunction associated with corticosteroid
treatment. This patent provides TNX-601 with European market exclusivity until April 2029 and may be extended based on the timing of the
European market authorization of TNX-601 for neurocognitive disfunction associated with corticosteroid treatment. 

On
October 22, 2019, U.S. Patent No. 10,449,203 issued. The claims recite anhydrous crystalline oxalate salts of tianeptine and provides
TNX-601 with US market exclusivity until 2037, excluding any patent term extensions. 

19 

On
March 16, 2021, U.S. Patent No. 10,946,027 issued. The claims recite pharmaceutical compositions of anhydrous crystalline oxalate salts
of tianeptine and provides TNX-601 with US market exclusivity until 2037, excluding any patent term extensions. 

Our
patent portfolio for TNX-601 also includes International Patent Application PCT/IB2017/001709 (now nationalized in 16 countries). It includes
claims directed to crystalline tianeptine oxalate and compositions of those crystal forms, and disclosures directed to methods of using
those crystalline forms and their compositions. 

Our
patent portfolio for TNX-601 CR includes International Patent Application No. PCT/US2022/020406, entitled Tianeptine Oxalate and
Naloxone Treatment for Major Depressive Disorder, was filed March 15, 2022. It includes claims directed to compositions with tianeptine
and naloxone or pharmaceutically acceptable salts of tianeptine and naloxone and methods of preventing or treating major depressive disorder
using the compositions. 

TNX-1300
 Cocaine Intoxication Treatment 

We
have licensed rights from The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, The Regents of the University of Michigan, and
University of Kentucky Research Foundation to develop a potential product, TNX-1300, for the treatment of cocaine intoxication. 
The licensed patents are directed to mutant cocaine esterase polypeptides and methods of using these polypeptides as anti-cocaine therapeutics. 
They include U.S. Patent Nos. 8,318,156 and 9,200,265, entitled Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment and various counterpart
patents outside of the U.S (e.g., European Patent 2046368). These patents provide TNX-1300 with US market exclusivity until February 2029,
and market exclusivity outside of the U.S. until July 10, 2027, subject to any patent term extensions. 

TNX-1500
 anti-CD40L Therapeutics 

We
are developing TNX-1500, a humanized mAb that targets CD40L for the prevention and treatment of organ transplant rejection. In this
regard, we filed International Application No. PCT/EP2020/068589, entitled Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof on July
1, 2020 (nationalized in 15 countries). We also filed International Patent Application No. PCT/US2020/028002 on April 13, 2020, entitled
 Inhibitors of CD40-CD154 Binding (nationalized in U.S., Canada, China, European Patent Office and Japan). We also filed
International Patent Application No. PCT/US2022/011404, entitled Methods of Inducing Immune Tolerance with Modified Anti-CD154
Antibodies on January 6, 2022. 

TNX-801
 Live Horsepox Vaccine for Prevention of Smallpox and Mpox 

We
own the rights to develop a potential biodefense technology, TNX-801, a live horsepox that is being developed as a new smallpox and mpox
preventing vaccine, we have filed patent applications directed to synthetic chimeric poxviruses and methods of using these poxviruses
to protect individuals against smallpox. These applications include U.S. non-provisional Patent Application No. 15/802,189 and International
Patent Application No. PCT/US2017/059782 (nationalized in 15 countries and filed in 4 non-PCT countries). We also own the rights to develop
other vaccine candidates against smallpox. With respect to these vaccine candidates, we own International Patent Application No.
PCT/US2019/030486 and the non-convention and national phase applications related thereto (nationalized in 17 countries and filed in 2
non-PCT countries). The smallpox vaccine technologies relate to proprietary forms of live horsepox and vaccinia vaccines which may be
safer than ACAM2000, the only currently available replication competent, live vaccinia vaccine to protect against smallpox disease. We
believe that this technology, after further development, may be of interest to biodefense agencies in the U.S. and other countries. 

On
May 31, 2022, U.S. Patent No. 11,345,896 was issued. The claims recite a synthetic chimeric orthopoxvirus (scOPV), a synthetic chimeric
horsepox virus (scHPXV), methods of generating the scOPV and scHPXV, and compositions comprising the scOPV or scHPXV. 

TNX-1850
 Live Modified Horsepox Vaccine for Prevention of COVID-19 

We
are developing TNX-1850, a live HPXV that is being developed as a new COVID-19 preventing vaccine. On February 26, 2021, we filed International
Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/020119, entitled Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine Against SARS-CoV-2. On the same date,
we also filed applications in Argentina and Taiwan and we filed U.S. Application No. 17/187,678. The PCT application is not nationalized
in 18 countries. These applications are directed to synthetic poxviruses comprising a SARS-CoV-2 protein, poxvirus delivery vectors for
SARS-CoV-2 proteins and methods of using these modified poxviruses to protect individuals against COVID-19. 

TNX-1700
 Recombinant Trefoil Family Factor 2 (rTFF2) to Treat Gastric and Pancreatic Cancers 

We
have licensed rights from The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York to develop a potential product, TNX-1700, for the
treatment of gastric and pancreatic cancers. The licensed patents are directed to TFF2 compositions and methods of treatment. 
The licensed patents U.S. Patent No. 10,124,037 and U.S. Patent No. 11,167,010. The licensed patents provide TNX-1700 with
US market exclusivity until April 2033, subject to any patent term extensions. On August 27, 2020, we filed International Patent Application
No. PCT/IB2020/000699 entitled Modified TFF2 Polypeptides. The PCT application is now nationalized in 12 countries. 

TNX-1600
 Triple Reuptake Inhibitor to Treat PTSD 

We
have licensed rights from Wayne State University to develop a potential product, TNX-1600, for PTSD treatment. The licensed patents
directed to pyran-based derivatives and analogues. 

They
include U.S. Patent Nos. 7,915,433, 8,017,791, 8,519,159, 8,841,464, and 8,937,189, entitled Tri-substituted 2-benzhydryl 5-benzlamino-tetrahydro-pyran-4-OL
and 6-benzhydryl-4-benzylamino-tetrahydro-pyran-3-OL analogues, and novel 3,6 disubstituted pyran derivatives and U.S. Patent No.
9,458,124, entitled Substituted Pyran Derivatives . These patents provide TNX-1600 with US market exclusivity between
April 2024 and February 2034, respectively, subject to any patent term extensions. 

TNX-701
 Radioprotection Biodefense Technology 

We
own the rights to develop a potential biodefense technology, which is a potential radioprotective therapy. For protection of our intellectual
property, we have not disclosed the identity of the new development candidate. 

20 

On
May 7, 2021, we filed International Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/031441, entitled Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds, 
and U.S. non-provisional Patent Application No. 17/315,258, entitled Radio-Protective and Chemo-Protective Substituted Thiols. 
The PCT application is now nationalized in 10 countries. The applications claim compounds, compositions and methods of use in radioprotection. 

On
January 31, 2023, U.S. Patent No. 11,566,032 issued. The claims recite compounds of a formula I or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt
thereof or stereoisomer thereof and a pharmaceutical composition comprising a compound of formula I. 

TNX-1200
 Smallpox Vaccine Technology 

We
own the rights to develop a potential biodefense technology, TNX-1200, a live vaccinia virus that is being developed as a new smallpox
preventing vaccine, we have patent applications directed to synthetic chimeric poxviruses and methods of using these poxviruses to protect
individuals against smallpox. These applications, entitled Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus, include U.S. non-provisional
Patent Application No. 17/050,946 and International Patent Application No. PCT/US2019/030486 (now nationalized in 16 countries) and applications
filed in Argentina, Taiwan and Venezuela. We believe that this technology, after further development, may be of interest to biodefense
agencies in the U.S. and other countries. 

TNX-2300 Bovine Parainfluenza 3 Virus vaccine 

We have an exclusive field-of-use
option agreement with Kansas State University Research Foundation to develop TNX-2300, a bovine parainfluenza virus vaccine, as a new
COVID-19 preventing vaccine or treatment. The patent applications in this agreement include International Patent Application No. PCT/US2020/070725,
entitled Broadly Protective Bovine Parainfluenza 3 Virus and Bovine Viral Diarrhea Virus Vaccine (nationalized in U.S.
as Patent Application No. 17/755,359), and International Patent Application No. PCT/US2022/072433, entitled SARS-Coronavirus 2
(SARS-CoV-2) Spike Protein Subunit Vaccines. 

TNX-3700 Zinc Nanoparticle mRNA vaccine 

We have an exclusive field-of-use
option agreement with Kansas State University Research Foundation to develop TNX-3700, a zinc nanoparticle mRNA vaccine, as a new COVID-19
preventing vaccine or treatment. The patent applications in this agreement include International Patent Application No. PCT/US2022/070739,
entitled RNA Stabilizing Nanoparticles, and International Patent Application No. PCT/US2022/075944, entitled mRNA
Vaccine Formulations and Methods of Using the Same. 

TNX-3900 antiviral drugs 

We have acquired the intellectual
property rights of Healion Bio, Inc. to develop antiviral drugs. These rights include International Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/032461
(nationalized in 4 countries) and U.S. Patent Application No. 18/055,596, both entitled Compositions and Methods for Increasing
Efficacy of a Drug, as well as International Patent Application No. PCT/US2021/052664, entitled Methods and Compositions
for the Treatment of Viral Diseases. 

TNX-4100 murine anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibodies 

We have exercised the option to
obtain an exclusive license from Columbia University to develop, TNX-4100, a series of murine and humanized anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs as new
COVID-19 preventatives or treatments. 

Trade
Secrets 

In
addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. For example, significant
aspects of our proprietary technology platform are based on unpatented trade secrets and know-how. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult
to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements and invention assignment
agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors, and commercial partners. These agreements are designed to
protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that
are developed through a relationship with a third party. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade
secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While
we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have
adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors.
To the extent that our contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to rights in
related or resulting inventions and know-how. 

Issued
Patents 

Our
current patents owned or licensed include: 

Anti-Cocaine
Therapeutics 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 8,318,156 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 February 14, 2029 
 
 9,200,265 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 December 30, 2027 
 
 2007272955 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 Australia 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 2014201653 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 Australia 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 2657246 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 Canada 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 612929 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 2046368 (602007045044.6 in Germany;
 502016000056543 in Italy) 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 Europe (Germany, Spain,
 France, United Kingdom, and Italy) 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 2009/00197 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 South Africa 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 305483 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 Mexico 
 
 July 10, 2027 
 
 196411 
 
 Anti-Cocaine Compositions and Treatment 
 
 Israel 
 
 July 10, 2027 

21 

Sublingual
CBP/Amitriptyline 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 6259452 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Japan 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 631144 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 I590820 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 2013274003 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Australia 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 I642429 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 726488 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 I683660 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 2018241128 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Australia 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 2876902 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Canada 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 IDP000076019 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 382516 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Mexico 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 2861223 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 European Patent Office Italy,
 Albania, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Latvia,
 Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
 United Kingdom, San Marino, Serbia, Croatia, North Macedonia and Turkey 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 236268 
 
 Compositions for Transmucosal Delivery
 and Uses Thereof 
 
 Israel 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 2015/00288 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 South Africa 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 BR112014031394-6 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Brazil 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 1209361 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 398632 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Mexico 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 A059897 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Venezuela 
 
 June 14, 2033 
 
 MY-194495-A 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 June 14, 2033 

CBP
 Depression 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 2012225548 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 Australia 
 
 March 6, 2032 
 
 2016222412 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 Australia 
 
 March 6, 2032 
 
 2018204633 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 Australia 
 
 March 6, 2032 
 
 2020203874 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 Australia 

March 6, 2032 

614725 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 March 6, 2032 
 
 714294 

Methods and
 Compositions for Treating Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 New Zealand 

March 6, 2032 

2,829,200 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 Canada 
 
 March 6, 2032 
 
 2683245 

Methods and
 Compositions for Treating Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 

European Patent Office Albania,
 Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Cyprus, Czechia, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, United Kingdom, Greece, Croatia,
 Hungary, Ireland, Iceland, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Latvia, Monaco, Republic of North Macedonia, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland,
 Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Sweden, Slovenia, Slovakia, San Marino, and Turkey 
 
 March 6, 2032 

22 

CBP
 PTSD 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 9,918,948 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Symptoms Associated with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 November 18, 2030 

2501234 
 
 (AL/P/17/691
 in Albania; 602010045270.0 in Germany; 3094254 in Greece; 502017000142469 in Italy; MK/P/17/000807 in Republic of North Macedonia; 56634
 in Serbia; SM-T-201700578 in San Marino; 201717905 in Turkey) 

Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Symptoms Associated with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 European Patent Office Albania,
 Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Cyprus, Czechia, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, United Kingdom, Greece, Croatia,
 Hungary, Ireland, Iceland, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Latvia, Monaco, Republic of North Macedonia, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland,
 Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Sweden, Slovenia, Slovakia, San Marino, Turkey 
 
 November 16, 2030 
 
 HK1176235 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Symptoms Associated with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 November 16, 2030 

CBP
Fatigue 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 9,474,728 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Fatigue Associated with Disordered Sleep Using Very Low Dose Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 June 9, 2031 
 
 10,722,478 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Fatigue Associated with Disordered Sleep Using Very Low Dose Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 June 9, 2031 

CBP/Amitriptyline
Eutectic Formulations 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 631152 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 747040 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 9,636,408 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 9,956,188 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 10,117,936 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
 Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 10,322,094 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
 Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 10,357,465 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 10,736,859 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 10,864,175 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 10,864,176 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 11,026,898 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 6310542 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Japan 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 6614724 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride 
 
 Japan 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 6717902 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride 
 
 Japan 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 6088 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Saudi Arabia 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 ZL201480024011.1 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 China 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 ZL.201580050140.2 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 China 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 2014233277 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Australia 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 2015317336 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Australia 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 I661825 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 March 14, 2034 

23 

I740136 
 
 Eutectic Formulations
 of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 IDP000055516 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 IDP000063221 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 IDP000076872 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 March 14, 2034 

2968992 
 
 (1211591 in
 Austria, CZ2014-762323 in Czechia, 602014058260.5 in Germany, E018723 in Estonia, P20200055 in Croatia, 201361792757 P in Ireland, 2020.67
 in Monaco, P-2020/0094 in Serbia, 201431487 in Slovenia, 33269 in Slovakia, 2020000045 in San Marino, AL/P/2019/906 in Albania, MK/P/2020/67
 in Republic of North Macedonia, 3102655 in Greece, 502020000007756 in Italy) 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 European Patent Office -Albania,
 Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Republic of North Macedonia, Germany, Greece,
 Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, San Marino,
 Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom 

March 14,
 2034 

241353 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Israel 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 251218 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Methods of Producing Same 
 
 Israel 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 277814 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Methods of Producing Same 
 
 Israel 
 
 September 18, 2034 
 
 370021 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Mexico 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 387402 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Mexico 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 388137 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Mexico 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 2015/07443 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 

South Africa 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 2017/01637 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 South Africa 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 BR112015022095-9 
 
 Pharmaceutical Composition, Method
 of Fabrication, Eutectic Composition and Use of Compositions Containing Cyclobenzaprine HCl and Mannitol 
 
 Brazil 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 2904812 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Canada 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 HK1218727 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 March 14, 2034 
 
 MY-186047-A 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 September 18, 2035 
 
 398845 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 India 
 
 September 18, 2035 

Oxytocin
therapeutics 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 9,629,894 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 11,389,473 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 11201705591P 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Singapore 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 388286 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Mexico 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 253347 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Israel 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 7030517 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Japan 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 ZL201680013809.5 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 China 
 
 January 7, 2036 
 
 7093559 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Japan 
 
 April 12, 2037 
 
 2575853 
 
 Methods and Pharmaceutical Composition
 for the Treatment of a Feeding Disorder with Early-Onset in a Patient 
 
 Europe (Spain, France, and
 United Kingdom) 
 
 May 25, 2031 
 
 8,853,158 
 
 Methods for the Treatment of a Feeding
 Disorder with Onset During Neonate Development Using an Agonist of the Oxytocin Receptor 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 May 25, 2031 
 
 9,125,862 
 
 Methods for the Treatment of Prader-Willi-like
 Syndrome or Non-Organic Failure to Thrive (NOFITT) Feeding Disorder Using an Agonist of the Oxytocin Receptor 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 May 25, 2031 
 
 2571511 
 
 New Uses of Oxytocin-like Molecules
 and Related Methods 
 
 Europe (Switzerland, Spain,
 France, United Kingdom, and Ireland) 
 
 May 17, 2031 
 
 9,101,569 
 
 Methods for the Treatment of Insulin
 Resistance 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 June 22, 2031 

24 

Nociceptin/Orphanin
FQ therapeutics 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 8,551,949 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 August 11, 2031 
 
 9,238,053 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 October 12, 2030 
 
 2010281436 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 Australia 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 ZL 201080042858.4 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 China 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 2459183 (602010028120.5 in Germany)

Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 Europe (Switzerland, Germany,
 Denmark, France, and United Kingdom) 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 1169804 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 329837 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 Mexico 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 597763 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 10201406930U 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 Singapore 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 201200584 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 South Africa 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 2,769,347 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 Canada 
 
 July 27, 2030 
 
 413642 
 
 Methods for treatment of pain 
 
 India 
 
 July 27, 2030 

Tianeptine
Hemioxalate Salts and Crystalline Forms 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 10,449,203 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 December 28, 2037 
 
 10,946,027 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 December 28, 2037 
 
 2019/04185 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 South Africa 
 
 December 28, 2037 
 
 2017385958 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 Australia 
 
 December 28, 2037 
 
 IDP000082485 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 December 28, 2037 
 
 754797 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 December 28, 2037 

Tianeptine
 Neurocognitive Dysfunction 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 9,314,469 
 
 Method for Treating Neurocognitive
 Dysfunction 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 September 24, 2030 
 
 2723688 
 
 Method for Treating Neurodegenerative
 Dysfunction 
 
 Canada 
 
 April 30, 2029 
 
 2299822 (602009047361.1 in Germany
 and E911827 in Austria) 
 
 Method for Treating Neurodegenerative
 Dysfunction 
 
 European Patent Office Austria,
 Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Spain, France, United Kingdom, Ireland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Portugal 
 
 April 30, 2029 
 
 3246031 (602009057284.9 in Germany) 
 
 Method for Treating Neurocognitive
 Dysfunction 
 
 European Patent Office Austria,
 Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Spain, France, United Kingdom, Ireland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Portugal 
 
 April 30, 2029 

Triple
reuptake inhibitor therapeutics 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 7,915,433 
 
 Tri-substituted 2-benzhydryl 5-benzlamino-tetrahydro-pyran-4-OL
 and 6-benzhydryl-4-benzylamino-tetrahydro-pyran-3-OL analogues, and novel 3,6 disubstituted pyran derivatives 
 
 U.S.A 

March 10,
 2028 

8,017,791 
 
 Tri-substituted 2-benzhydryl 5-benzlamino-tetrahydro-pyran-4-OL
 and 6-benzhydryl-4-benzylamino-tetrahydro-pyran-3-OL analogues, and novel 3,6 disubstituted pyran derivatives 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 April 14, 2024 
 
 8,519,159 
 
 Tri-substituted 2-benzhydryl 5-benzlamino-tetrahydro-pyran-4-OL
 and 6-benzhydryl-4-benzylamino-tetrahydro-pyran-3-OL analogues, and novel 3,6 disubstituted pyran derivatives 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 December 7, 2025 
 
 8,841,464 
 
 Tri-substituted 2-benzhydryl 5-benzlamino-tetrahydro-pyran-4-OL
 and 6-benzhydryl-4-benzylamino-tetrahydro-pyran-3-OL analogues, and novel 3,6 disubstituted pyran derivatives 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 April 15, 2025 
 
 8,937,189 
 
 Tri-substituted 2-benzhydryl 5-benzlamino-tetrahydro-pyran-4-OL
 and 6-benzhydryl-4-benzylamino-tetrahydro-pyran-3-OL analogues, and novel 3,6 disubstituted pyran derivatives 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 January 12, 2027 
 
 9,458,124 
 
 Substituted Pyran Derivatives 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 February 6, 2034 

25 

TFF2
therapeutics 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 10,124,037 
 
 Trefoil family factor proteins and
 uses thereof 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 April 2, 2033 
 
 11,167,010 
 
 Trefoil family factor proteins and
 uses thereof 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 April 2, 2033 

Synthetic
Chimeric Poxviruses 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 11,345,896 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 November 2, 2037 
 
 397516 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Mexico 
 
 November 2, 2037 
 
 2019/02868 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 South Africa 
 
 November 2, 2037 

Radioprotection
therapeutics 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 11,566,032 
 
 Radio-Protective and Chemo-Protective
 Substituted Thiols 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 May 7, 2041 

Pending
Patent Applications 

Our
current pending patent applications are as follows: 

CD40
and anti-CD154 Therapeutics 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/623,710 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2020300002 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Australia 
 
 BR112021026410-8 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Brazil 
 
 3145453 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Canada 
 
 202080059891.1 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 China 
 
 20764933.6 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 202217004870 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 India 
 
 P00202200763 

Anti-CD154
 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 289354 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Israel 
 
 2021-578262 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Japan 
 
 PI 2021007835 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 MX/a/2022/000133 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Mexico 
 
 784548 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 11202114433Y 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Singapore 
 
 2022/01378 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 South Africa 
 
 62022063693.5 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62022062573.0 
 
 Anti-CD154 antibodies and uses thereof 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 PCT/US2022/011404 
 
 Methods of Inducing Immune Tolerance
 with Modified Anti-CD154 Antibodies 
 
 PCT 
 
 3136725 
 
 Inhibitors of CD40-CD154 Binding 
 
 Canada 
 
 20787970.1 
 
 Inhibitors of CD40-CD154 Binding 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 2021-560713 
 
 Inhibitors of CD40-CD154 Binding 
 
 Japan 
 
 17/603,260 
 
 Inhibitors of CD40-CD154 Binding 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 202080033531.4 
 
 Inhibitors of CD40-CD154 Binding 
 
 China 

CBP/Amitriptyline
Eutectic Formulations 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/121,547 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 17/082,949 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2020289838 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride (Allowed) 
 
 Australia 
 
 BR112017005231-8 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Brazil 
 
 BR122020020968-2 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Brazil 
 
 2,961,822 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Canada 
 
 3,119,755 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Canada 

201910263541.6 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 China 
 
 202011576351.9 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 China 
 
 15841528.1 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 19214535.7 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 18101200.4 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 42020003105.2 
 
 Eutectic Formulations
 of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 42020019748.1 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 42021036749.6 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 3392/KOLNP/2015 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 India 
 
 2021-105582 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Japan 
 
 2021-169539 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Japan 

26 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PI 2015703142 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 PI 20233000078 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 730379 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 768064 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 517381123 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

10201707528W 
 10201902203V 

Eutectic Formulations
 of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 Eutectic Formulations
 of Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride 

Singapore 
 Singapore 
 
 2014-000391 
 
 Eutectic Formulations of Cyclobenzaprine
 Hydrochloride and Amitriptyline Hydrochloride 
 
 Venezuela 

Sublingual
CBP/Amitriptyline 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 13/918,692 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 P20130102101 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Argentina 
 
 Not Yet Assigned 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Argentina 
 
 BR122019024508-8 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 

Brazil 
 
 3,118,913 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Canada 
 
 202010024102.2 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 China 

2013/24661 
 2013/37088 

Compositions
 and Methods for Transmucosal Absorption 
 Compositions
 and Methods for Transmucosal Absorption 

Gulf Cooperation
 Council 
 Gulf Cooperation
 Council 
 
 2013/40660 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 42020020336.2 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 P-00 2021 01421 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 2021-100154 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Japan 
 
 10201605407T 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Transmucosal
 Absorption 
 
 Singapore 

CBP
 PTSD 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/951,723 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Symptoms Associated with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 U.S.A. 

Assessing
Clinical Response PTSD 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PCT/US2022/015327 
 
 An Improved Method of Assessing
 Clinical Response in the Treatment of PTSD Symptoms 
 
 PCT 

CBP
 Fatigue 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 16/903,965 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Fatigue Associated with Disordered Sleep Using Very Low Dose Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 U.S.A. 

27 

CBP
 Agitation in Neurodegenerative Condition 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 16/215,952 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2018383098 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment
 for Agitation, Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Australia 
 
 BR112020011345-0 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Brazil 
 
 3,083,341 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Canada 
 
 201880079917.1 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 China 
 
 18847270.8 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 P00202004178 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 275289 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Israel 
 
 202017023747 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 India 
 
 2020-531611 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Japan 
 
 MX/a/2020/006140 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Mexico 
 
 PI2020002800 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 765792 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 520412146 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Saudi Arabia 
 
 11202004799T 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Singapore 
 
 2020/03243 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 South Africa 
 
 6202002246.2 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62021029558.5 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Agitation,
 Psychosis and Cognitive Decline in Dementia and Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 
 Hong Kong 

CBP
 Depression 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 13/412,571 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating
 Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 19214568.8 
 
 Methods and Compositions for Treating Depression Using Cyclobenzaprine 
 
 European Patent Office 

Analogs
of CBP 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 

16/630,832 
 CA3069699 
 201880050758.2 
 EP18831505.5 

Analogs of
 Cyclobenzaprine and Amitriptyline 
 Analogs of
 Cyclobenzaprine and Amitriptyline 
 Analogs of
 Cyclobenzaprine and Amitriptyline 
 Analogs of
 Cyclobenzaprine and Amitriptyline 
 Analogs of
 Cyclobenzaprine and Amitriptyline 

U.S.A. 
 Canada 
 China 
 European Patent
 Office 
 
 2020-526592 
 
 Analogs of Cyclobenzaprine and Amitriptyline 
 
 Japan 

CBP
 ASD and PTSD 

Application No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 2019/38140 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 108129709 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 17/269,106 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2019323764 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Australia 
 
 PI2021000802 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 772889 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 BR112021003107-3 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Brazil 
 
 3109258 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Canada 
 
 201980062283.3 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 China 
 
 19802247.7 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 62021045278.0 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62022046260.5 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 202117011223 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 India 
 
 P00202101716 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 280921 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine or Amitriptyline
 Containing Compositions for Use in Treating Stress Disorders 
 
 Israel 
 
 2021-509201 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Japan 
 
 MX/a/2021/002012 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Mexico 
 
 11202101443W 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 Singapore 
 
 2021/01121 
 
 Methods of Treating Acute Stress
 Disorder and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder 
 
 South Africa 

CBP
 Fibromyalgia 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PCT/US2021/062244 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Fibromyalgia 
 
 PCT 

28 

CBP
 Alcohol Use Disorder 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PCT/US2021/060011 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Alcohol
 Use Disorder 
 
 PCT 

CBP
 Sexual dysfunction 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PCT/US2022/045791 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 PCT 
 
 17/226,058 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 U.S.A 
 
 2021253592 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 Australia 
 
 3179754 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 Canada 
 
 202180040673.8 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 China 
 
 21721779.3 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 2022-562023 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Sexual
 Dysfunction 
 
 Japan 

CBP
 Post-Acute Sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 (PASC) 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 63/354,215 
 
 Cyclobenzaprine Treatment for Post-Acute
 Sequelae of (SARS)-CoV-2 Infection (PASC) 
 
 U.S.A. 

Oxytocin
therapeutics 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 2020286221 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Australia 
 
 BR1120170145456 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Brazil 
 
 2972975 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Canada 
 
 16735422.4 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 18112297.5 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 2021-179295 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Japan 
 
 1020177021998 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Republic of Korea 
 
 734097 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 771693 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 201705176 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use (Allowed) 
 
 South Africa 
 
 16/976,912 
 
 Labeled Oxytocin and Method of Manufacture
 and Use 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 19710979.6 
 
 Labeled Oxytocin and Method of Manufacture
 and Use 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 2020-545532 
 
 Labeled Oxytocin and Method of Manufacture
 and Use 
 
 Japan 
 
 16/093,104 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2017250505 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Australia 
 
 3,020,179 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Canada 
 
 2017800361853 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use (Allowed) 
 
 China 
 
 2023100344997 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 China 
 
 17783080.9 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 19128645.9 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 2022-60727 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Japan 
 
 MX/a/2018/012351 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 Mexico 
 
 747221 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 787097 
 
 Magnesium-Containing Oxytocin Formulations
 and Methods of Use 
 
 New Zealand 

Nociceptin/Orphanin
FQ therapeutics 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 BR122021007932-3 
 
 Methods for Treatment of Pain 
 
 Brazil 

Tianeptine
Hemioxalate Salts and Crystalline Forms 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 BR112019013244-9 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 Brazil 
 
 3,048,324 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 Canada 
 
 201780085697.9 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 China 
 
 17844642.3 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 62020006380.3 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62020006381.1 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 267708 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs,
 Compositions Comprising Same and Uses Thereof 
 
 Israel 
 
 201917029300 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 
 India 

2019-535330 
 2022-180549 
 MX/a/2019/007891 
 PI2019003711 
 519402021 
 11201905974W 

Tianeptine
 Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 Tianeptine
 Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 Tianeptine
 Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 Tianeptine
 Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 Tianeptine
 Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 
 Tianeptine
 Oxalate Salts and Polymorphs 

Japan 
 Japan 
 Mexico 
 Malaysia 
 Saudi Arabia 
 Singapore 

29 

Tianeptine
and Naloxone Major Depressive Disorder 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PCT/US2022/020406 
 
 Tianeptine Oxalate and Naloxone
 Treatment for Major Depressive Disorder 
 
 PCT 

Synthetic
Chimeric Poxviruses 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/827,320 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 P 20170103043 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Argentina 
 
 2017/34209 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 2017/41626 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 106137976 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 2017353868 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Australia 
 
 BR112019008781-8 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Brazil 
 
 BR122023000373-0 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Brazil 
 
 3,042,694 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Canada 
 
 201780078546.0 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 China 
 
 17868045.0 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 European Patent Office 

201917021814 
 PID201904682 

Synthetic
 Chimeric Poxviruses 
 Synthetic
 Chimeric Poxviruses 

India 
 Indonesia 

266399 
 2019-545700 

Synthetic
 Chimeric Poxviruses 
 Synthetic
 Chimeric Poxviruses 

Israel 
 Japan 
 
 2022-140113 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Japan 
 
 PI2019002462 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Malaysia 

752893 
 11201903893P 

Synthetic
 Chimeric Poxviruses 
 Synthetic
 Chimeric Poxviruses 

New Zealand 
 Singapore 
 
 2022/04981 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 South Africa 
 
 2017-000418 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Venezuela 
 
 62020003684.1 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62020003675.9 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Poxviruses 
 
 Hong Kong 

Synthetic
Vaccinia Virus 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 2019/37492 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 2019/41458 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 20190101165 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Argentina 
 
 108115290 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 17/050,946 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2019262149 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Australia 
 
 BR112020022181-3 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Brazil 
 
 3099330 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Canada 
 
 201980029677.9 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 China 
 
 19796145.1 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 202017052398 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 India 
 
 P00202008694 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 278419 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Israel 
 
 2020-560920 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Japan 
 
 PI 2020005696 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 MX/a/2020/011586 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Mexico 
 
 768999 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 11202010272P 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Singapore 
 
 2020/06350 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 South Africa 
 
 62021036744.2 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62021038254.0 
 
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus 
 
 Hong Kong 

Stem
cells-scPV treatment 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 

2019/37505 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 2019/41460 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Gulf Cooperation Council 
 
 20190101166 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Argentina 
 
 108115294 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Taiwan R.O.C. 
 
 17/049,741 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2019262150 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Australia 
 
 3098145 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising
 Synthetic Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Canada 
 
 201980029672.6 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 China 
 
 19797026.2 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 278420 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Israel 
 
 2020-561064 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Japan 
 
 62021038255.7 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62021031667.0 
 
 Stem Cells Comprising Synthetic
 Chimeric Vaccinia Virus and Methods of Using Them 
 
 Hong Kong 

30 

Poxvirus
vaccine against COVID-19 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/187,678 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 U.S.A. 
 
 110107179 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Taiwan 
 
 20210100512 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Argentina 
 
 63/315,520 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 U.S.A. 
 
 1202200348 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 African Intellectual Property Organization 
 
 AP/P/2022/014318 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 African Regional Intellectual Property Organization 
 
 2021226592 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Australia 
 
 BR112022016992-2 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Brazil 
 
 3173996 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Canada 
 
 202180027983.6 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 China 
 
 202292431 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Eurasian Patent Office 
 
 21715007.7 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 European Patent Office 
 
 202217053476 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 India 
 
 P00202210244 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Indonesia 
 
 295925 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Israel 
 
 2022-551297 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Japan 
 
 PI 2022004613 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Malaysia 
 
 MX/a/2022/010588 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Mexico 
 
 791924 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 New Zealand 
 
 10-2022-7033014 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Republic of Korea 
 
 522440323 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 Saudi Arabia 
 
 2022/09895 
 Recombinant Poxvirus Based Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2
 virus 
 South Africa 

Salts
of glutathione 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/442,258 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2020249868 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 Australia 
 
 3,134,875 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 Canada 
 
 202080034626.8 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 China 
 
 20727359.0 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 286730 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 Israel 
 
 2021-557223 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 Japan 
 
 62022054457.6 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62022057646.1 
 
 Salt forms of S-(N, N-diethylcarbamolyl)
 glutathione 
 
 Hong Kong 

TFF2
therapeutics 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/638,761 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2020338947 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Australia 
 
 3152665 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Canada 
 
 202080071768.1 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 China 
 
 20781063.1 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 202217016249 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 India 
 
 290910 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Israel 
 
 2022-513154 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Japan 
 
 MX/a/2022/002337 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Mexico 
 
 786004 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 2022/03355 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 South Africa 
 
 62023066535.3 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 62023066928.0 
 
 Modified TFF2 polypeptides 
 
 Hong Kong 

Radioprotection
therapeutics 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 17/991,292 
 
 Radio-Protective and Chemo-Protective
 Substituted Thiols 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 17/923,831 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2021269125 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 Australia 
 
 3182014 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 Canada 

Not Yet Assigned 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective
 Compounds 
 
 China 
 
 21728771.3 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 202217070148 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 India 
 
 298025 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 Israel 
 
 2022-567802 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 Japan 
 
 793900 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 522441204 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 Saudi Arabia 
 
 11202254727V 
 
 Radio-and Chemo-Protective Compounds 
 
 Singapore 

31 

Clinical
data statistical analysis 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 PCT/US2021/056213 
 
 Randomization Honoring Methods to
 Assess the Significance of Interventions on Outcomes in Disorders 
 
 PCT 
 
 17/508,182 
 
 Randomization Honoring Methods to
 Assess the Significance of Interventions on Outcomes in Disorders 
 
 U.S.A. 

Monoclonal
Antibodies anti-SARS-CoV-2 Spike 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 63/421,137 
 
 Anti-SARS-CoV-2-Spike Monoclonal
 Antibodies and Antigen-Binding Fragments Thereof and Use in Treating SARS-CoV-2 Infection 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 63/421,138 
 
 Anti-SARS-CoV-2-Spike Monoclonal
 Antibodies and Antigen-Binding Fragments Thereof and Use in Treating SARS-CoV-2 Infection 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 63/421,141 
 
 Anti-SARS-CoV-2-Spike Monoclonal
 Antibodies and Antigen-Binding Fragments Thereof and Use in Treating SARS-CoV-2 Infection 
 
 U.S.A. 

Nanoparticles
 T cell Immune Response 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 63/338,217 
 
 Nanoparticles for Inducing a TH1
 T Cell Immune Response 
 
 U.S.A. 

Nanoparticles 
mRNA vaccine 

Application No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country / Region 
 
 PCT/US2022/070739 
 
 RNA Stabilizing Nanoparticles 
 
 PCT 
 
 PCT/US2022/075944 
 
 mRNA Vaccine Formulations and Methods of Using the Same 
 
 PCT 

Virus Vaccine 
Bovine Parainfluenza Virus Vaccine 

Application No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country / Region 
 
 17/755,359 
 
 Broadly Protective Bovine Parainfluenza 3 Virus and Bovine Viral Diarrhea Virus Vaccine 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 PCT/US2022/072433 
 
 SARS-Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) Spike Protein Subunit Vaccines 
 
 PCT 

Antiviral
Drugs Cathepsin Inhibitors 

Application
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Country
 / Region 
 
 63/327,431 
 
 Therapeutic Agents and Combinations
 for Treating Viral Diseases 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 18/055,596 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Increasing
 Efficacy of a Drug 
 
 U.S.A. 
 
 2021271806 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Increasing
 Efficacy of a Drug 
 
 Australia 
 
 21803283.7 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Increasing
 Efficacy of a Drug 
 
 European Patent Office 
 
 2022-569505 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Increasing
 Efficacy of a Drug 
 
 Japan 
 
 202217072271 
 
 Compositions and Methods for Increasing
 Efficacy of a Drug 
 
 India 
 
 PCT/US2021/052664 
 
 Methods and Compositions for the
 Treatment of Viral Diseases 
 
 PCT 

Trademarks
and Service Marks 

We
seek trademark and service mark protection in the United States and outside of the United States where available and when appropriate.
We are the owner of the following U.S. federally registered marks: TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS (Reg. No. 4656463, issued December 16, 2014). 

We
are the owner of the following marks for which applications for U.S. federal registration are currently pending: FYMRALIN (Serial No.
97/458017, filed June 14, 2022), MODALTIN (Serial No. 97/424052, filed May 23, 2022), RAPONTIS (Serial No. 97/424058, filed
May 23, 2022), PROTECTIC (Serial No. 97/424071, filed May 23, 2022), TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS (Serial No. 88/896150, filed April 30, 2020),
and ANGSTRO-TECHNOLOGY (Serial No. 88/690384, filed November 13, 2019) and TONMYA (Serial No. 97/185424, filed December 22, 2021). 

Research
and Development 

We
have approximately 94 employees dedicated to research and development. Our research and development operations are located in Chatham,
NJ, Dartmouth, MA, Frederick, Maryland, San Diego, CA, Dublin, Ireland and Montreal, Canada. We have used, and expect to continue to use,
third parties to conduct our nonclinical and clinical studies. We acquired the RDC in Frederick, Maryland consisting of two
buildings totaling approximately 48,000 square feet. The acquisition closed in October 2021 and is operational. 

Manufacturing 

We
have contracted with a third-party cGMP-compliant contract manufacturer organization, or CMOs, for the manufacture of TNX-102 SL drug
substances and drug products for investigational purposes, including nonclinical and clinical testing. For TNX-102 SL, we have engaged
a cGMP facility for manufacturing of to-be-marketed product for Phase 3 clinical and commercial. Our manufacturing operations are managed
and controlled in Dublin, Ireland. 

All
of our small molecules drug candidates are synthesized using industry standard processes, and our drug products are formulated using commercially
available pharmaceutical grade excipients. 

Our smallpox- and mpox-preventing vaccine candidate is a biologic and employs a live form of horsepox. Both the drug substance (HPVX and the cell bank)
and the drug product (vaccine) will be manufactured by contract cGMP-compliant facilities capable of manufacturing for nonclinical/clinical
testing and licensed product. 

32 

On September 28, 2020,
we completed the purchase of our 45,000 square foot facility in Massachusetts, to house our new Advanced Development Center for
accelerated development and manufacturing of vaccines and biologics. As of October 1, 2022, the facility was ready for its intended
use and is operational. 

On
December 23, 2020, we completed the purchase of our approximately 44-acre site in Hamilton, Montana, for the construction of a vaccine
development and commercial scale manufacturing facility. As of December 31, 2022, the facility was not ready for its intended use. 

Government
Regulations 

The
FDA and other federal, state, local and foreign regulatory agencies impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, approval,
labeling, manufacture, marketing and distribution of drug products. These agencies regulate, among other things, research and development
activities and the testing, approval, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, advertising
and promotion of our product candidates. The regulatory approval process is generally lengthy and expensive, with no guarantee of a positive
result. Moreover, failure to comply with applicable requirements by the FDA or other requirements may result in civil or criminal penalties,
recall or seizure of products, injunctive relief including partial or total suspension of production, or withdrawal of a product from
the market. 

The
FDA regulates, among other things, the research, manufacture, promotion and distribution of drugs in the U.S. under the FDCA and other
statutes and implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before prescription drug product candidates may be marketed in
the U.S. generally involves the following: 

completion of extensive nonclinical
 laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies, all performed in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND,
 which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled
 human clinical trials in accordance with the FDA s regulations, including Good Clinical Practices, to establish the safety and efficacy
 of the product candidate for each proposed indication; 

submission to the FDA of an NDA
 for drug products, or a Biologics License Application, or BLA, for biologic products; 

satisfactory completion of a preapproval
 inspection by the FDA of the manufacturing facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP regulations; and 

the FDA s review and approval
 of the NDA or BLA prior to any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the drug. 

The
testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for
our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 

Nonclinical
tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate toxicity in animals
and other animal studies. The results of nonclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted
as part of an IND to the FDA. Some nonclinical testing may continue even after an IND is submitted. The IND also includes one or more
protocols for the initial clinical trial or trials and an investigator s brochure. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days
after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions relating to the proposed clinical
trials as outlined in the IND and places the clinical trial on a clinical hold. In such cases, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve
any outstanding concerns or questions before any clinical trials can begin. Clinical trial holds also may be imposed at any time before
or during studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance with regulatory requirements. An independent Institutional Review Board, or
IRB, at each of the clinical centers proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before
it commences at that center. An IRB considers, among other things, whether the risks to individuals participating in the trials are minimized
and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the consent form signed by the trial participants and must
monitor the study until completed. 

Clinical
Trials 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the product candidate to human subjects under the supervision of qualified medical investigators
according to approved protocols that detail the objectives of the study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria,
and the parameters to be used to monitor participant safety. Each protocol for a U.S. study is submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 

Human
clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap, or be combined. 

Phase 1 clinical trials typically
 involve the initial introduction of the product candidate into healthy human volunteers. In Phase 1 clinical trials, the product candidate
 is typically tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and pharmacodynamics. 

Phase 2 clinical trials are generally
 conducted in a limited patient population to gather evidence about the efficacy of the product candidate for specific, targeted indications;
 to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage; and to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks. Phase 2 clinical trials,
 in particular Phase 2b trials, can be undertaken to evaluate clinical efficacy and to test for safety in an expanded patient population
 at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. 

Phase 3 clinical trials are undertaken
 to evaluate clinical efficacy and to test for safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites.
 The size of Phase 3 clinical trials depends upon clinical and statistical considerations for the product candidate and disease. Phase
 3 clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk-benefit ratio of the product candidate and provide an adequate basis for
 product labeling. 

33 

Post-approval
clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial approval. These clinical trials are
used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety
follow-up. 

Clinical
testing must satisfy the extensive regulations of the FDA. Reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least
annually to the FDA and safety reports must be submitted for serious and unexpected adverse events. Success in early-stage clinical trials
does not assure success in later-stage clinical trials. The FDA, an IRB or we may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds,
including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 

New
Drug Applications 

Assuming
successful completion of the required clinical trials, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are
submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA (or BLA, in the case of a biologic product). An NDA or BLA also must contain extensive manufacturing
information, as well as proposed labeling for the finished product. An NDA or BLA applicant must develop information about the chemistry
and physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in accordance with cGMP. The manufacturing
process must be capable of consistently producing quality product within specifications approved by the FDA. The manufacturer must develop
methods for testing the quality, purity and potency of the final product. In addition, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested,
and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.
Prior to approval, the FDA will conduct an inspection of the manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP. 

The
FDA reviews all NDAs and BLAs submitted before it accepts them for filing. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept
an NDA for filing. In this event, the NDA or BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information and is subject to review before the
FDA accepts it for filing. After an application is filed, the FDA may refer the NDA or BLA to an advisory committee for review, evaluation
and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations
of an advisory committee, but it considers them carefully when making decisions. The FDA may deny approval of an NDA or BLA if the applicable
regulatory criteria are not satisfied. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently
than we interpret the same data. 

The
FDA may issue a complete response letter, which may require additional clinical or other data or impose other conditions that must be
met in order to secure final approval of the NDA or BLA. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly
limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value
of the product. In addition, the FDA may require us to conduct Phase 4 testing which involves clinical trials designed to further assess
a drug s safety and effectiveness after NDA or BLA approval, and may require surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved
products which have been commercialized. Once issued, the FDA may withdraw product approval if ongoing regulatory requirements are not
met or if safety or efficacy questions are raised after the product reaches the market. 

Section
505(b) NDAs 

There are two types of NDAs: the
Section 505(b)(1) NDA, or full NDA, and the Section 505(b)(2) NDA. We intend to file Section 505(b)(2) NDAs for TNX-102 SL for FM, Long
COVID and PTSD, for TNX-1900 for chronic migraine and TNX-2900 for Prader Willi Syndrome and for certain other products, that might, if
accepted by the FDA, save time and expense in the development and testing of our product candidates. We may need to file a Section 505(b)(1)
NDA for certain other products in the future. A full NDA is submitted under Section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA, and must contain full reports
of investigations conducted by the applicant to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the drug. A Section 505(b)(2) NDA may be submitted
for a drug for which one or more of the investigations relied upon by the applicant was not conducted by or for the applicant and for
which the applicant has no right of reference from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. A Section 505(b)(2) NDA
may be submitted based in whole or in part on published literature or on the FDA s finding of safety and efficacy of one or more
previously approved drugs, which are known as reference drugs. Thus, the filing of a Section 505(b)(2) NDA may result in approval of a
drug based on fewer clinical or nonclinical studies than would be required under a full NDA. The number and size of studies that need
to be conducted by the sponsor depends on the amount and quality of data pertaining to the reference drug that are publicly available,
and on the similarity of and differences between the applicant s drug and the reference drug. In some cases, extensive, time-consuming,
and costly clinical and nonclinical studies may still be required for approval of a Section 505(b)(2) NDA. 

Our drug approval strategy for
our new formulations of approved chemical entities is to submit Section 505(b)(2) NDAs to the FDA. As such, we plan to submit an NDA under
Section 505(b)(2) for TNX-102 SL for FM, Long COVID and PTSD; TNX-1900 for chronic migraine, and TNX-2900 for Prader Willi Syndrome. The
FDA may not agree that these product candidates are approvable as a Section 505(b)(2) NDA. If the FDA determines that a Section 505(b)(2)
NDA is not appropriate and that a full NDA is required, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval could substantially
and materially increase and be less likely to be approved. If the FDA requires a full NDA or requires more extensive testing and development
for some other reason, our ability to compete with alternative products that arrive on the market more quickly than our product candidates
would be adversely impacted. If reference listed products are withdrawn from the market by the FDA for a safety reason, we may not be
able to reference such products to support our anticipated 505(b)(2) NDAs, and we may be required to follow the requirements of Section
505(b)(1). 

Patent
Protections 

An
applicant submitting a Section 505(b)(2) NDA must certify to the FDA with respect to the patent status of the reference drug upon which
the applicant relies in support of approval of its drug. With respect to every patent listed in the FDA s Orange Book, which is
the FDA s list of approved drug products, as claiming the reference drug or an approved method of use of the reference drug, the
Section 505(b)(2) applicant must certify that: (1) there is no patent information listed in the orange book for the reference drug; (2)
the listed patent has expired; (3) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date; (4) the listed patent is invalid
or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, or sale of the product in the Section 505(b)(2) NDA; or (5) if the patent is a use patent,
that the applicant does not seek approval for a use claimed by the patent. If the applicant files a certification to the effect of clause
(1), (2) or (5), FDA approval of the Section 505(b)(2) NDA may be made effective immediately upon successful FDA review of the application,
in the absence of marketing exclusivity delays, which are discussed below. If the applicant files a certification to the effect of clause
(3), the Section 505(b)(2) NDA approval may not be made effective until the expiration of the relevant patent and the expiration of any
marketing exclusivity delays. 

34 

If
the Section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant provides a certification to the effect of clause (4), referred to as a paragraph IV certification,
the applicant also must send notice of the certification to the patent owner and the holder of the NDA for the reference drug. The filing
of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of the notification may prevent the FDA from approving the Section 505(b)(2)
NDA for 30 months from the date of the receipt of the notification unless the court determines that a longer or shorter period is appropriate
because either party to the action failed to reasonably cooperate in expediting the action. However, the FDA may approve the Section 505(b)(2)
NDA before the 30 months have expired if a court decides that the patent is invalid or not infringed, or if a court enters a settlement
order or consent decree stating the patent is invalid or not infringed. 

Notwithstanding
the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(2), over the last few years certain brand-name pharmaceutical companies
and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2)
is successfully challenged in court, the FDA may be required to change its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) which could delay or even
prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) NDA that we submit. The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and it is
not uncommon for a manufacturer of an approved product to file a citizen petition with the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose
additional approval requirements for, pending competing products. If successful, such petitions can significantly delay, or even prevent,
the approval of the new product. Moreover, even if the FDA ultimately denies such a petition, the FDA may substantially delay approval
while it considers and responds to the petition. 

Marketing
Exclusivity 

Market
exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of Section 505(b)(2) NDAs, thereby delaying a Section 505(b)(2)
product from entering the market. The FDCA provides five-year marketing exclusivity to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA
for an NCE, meaning that the FDA has not previously approved any other drug containing the same active moiety. This exclusivity prohibits
the submission of a Section 505(b)(2) NDA for any drug product containing the active ingredient during the five-year exclusivity period.
However, submission of a Section 505(b)(2) NDA that certifies that a listed patent is invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed,
as discussed above, is permitted after four years, but if a patent infringement lawsuit is brought within 45 days after such certification,
FDA approval of the Section 505(b)(2) NDA may automatically be stayed until 7 years after the NCE approval date. The FDCA also provides
three years of marketing exclusivity for the approval of new and supplemental NDAs for product changes, including, among other things,
new indications, dosage forms, routes of administration or strengths of an existing drug, or for a new use, if new clinical investigations,
other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by FDA to be essential to the approval
of the application. 

Five-year
and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of another full NDA; however, as discussed above, an applicant submitting
a full NDA under Section 505(b)(1) would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the nonclinical and adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

Other
types of exclusivity in the United States include orphan drug exclusivity and pediatric exclusivity. The FDA may grant orphan drug designation
to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals
in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the
cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales
in the United States for that drug. Seven-year orphan drug exclusivity is available to a product that has orphan drug designation and
that receives the first FDA approval for the indication for which the drug has such designation. Orphan drug exclusivity prevents approval
of another application for the same drug for the same orphan indication, for a period of seven years, regardless of whether the application
is a full NDA or a Section 505(b)(2) NDA, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with
orphan exclusivity. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, provides an additional six months to an existing exclusivity or statutory delay
in approval resulting from a patent certification. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection
or patent delay, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written
Request for such a study. 

Section
505(b)(2) NDAs are similar to full NDAs filed under Section 505(b)(1) in that they are entitled to any of these forms of exclusivity if
they meet the qualifying criteria. They also are entitled to the patent protections described above, based on patents that are listed
in the FDA s Orange Book in the same manner as patents claiming drugs and uses approved for NDAs submitted as full NDAs. 

Breakthrough
Therapy Designation 

The
Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, Section 902 provides for Breakthrough Therapy designation. A Breakthrough
Therapy is a drug: 

intended alone or in combination
 with one or more other drugs to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and 

preliminary clinical evidence indicates
 that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as
 substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. 

Fast
Track Designation 

A
Fast Track is a designation by the FDA of an investigational drug which: 

intended alone or in combination
 with one or more other drugs to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and 

non-clinical or clinical data demonstrate
 the potential to address an unmet medical need 

Fast
track is a process designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet
medical need. The benefits of a Fast Track designation include rolling submission of portions of the NDA for the drug candidate and eligibility
for priority review of the NDA. Additionally, more frequent meetings and written communication with the FDA regarding the development
plan and trial design for the drug candidate are encouraged throughout the entire drug development and review process, with the goal of
having earlier drug approval and access for patients. 

35 

Material
Threat Medical Countermeasures 

In 2016, the 21 st Century
Cures Act, or Act, was signed into law to support ongoing biomedical innovation. One part of the Act, Section 3086, is aimed at Encouraging
Treatments for Agents that Present a National Security Threat. The Act created a new priority review voucher program for approved
 material threat medical countermeasure applications. The Act defines such countermeasures as drug or biological products,
including vaccines intended to treat biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear agents that present a national security threat or
to treat harm from a condition that may be caused by administering a drug or biological product against such an agent. The Department
of Homeland Security has identified 13 such threats, including anthrax, smallpox, Ebola/Marburg, tularemia, botulinum toxin, and pandemic
influenza, which includes the SARS coronavirus 2, known as SARS-CoV-2. 

Other
Regulatory Requirements 

Maintaining
substantial compliance with appropriate federal, state and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time
and financial resources. Drug manufacturers are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and
after approval, the FDA and these state agencies conduct periodic unannounced inspections to ensure continued compliance with ongoing
regulatory requirements, including cGMPs. In addition, after approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new
indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. The FDA may require
post-approval testing and surveillance programs to monitor safety and the effectiveness of approved products that have been commercialized.
Any drug products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including: 

record-keeping requirements; 

reporting of adverse experiences
 with the drug; 

providing the FDA with updated safety
 and efficacy information; 

reporting on advertisements and
 promotional labeling; 

drug sampling and distribution requirements;
 and 

complying with electronic record
 and signature requirements. 

In
addition, the FDA strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion and other types of information on products that are placed on the
market. There are numerous regulations and policies that govern various means for disseminating information to health-care professionals
as well as consumers, including to industry sponsored scientific and educational activities, information provided to the media and information
provided over the Internet. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved
label. 

The
FDA has very broad enforcement authority and the failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in administrative
or judicial sanctions being imposed on us or on the manufacturers and distributors of our approved products, including warning letters,
refusals of government contracts, clinical holds, civil penalties, injunctions, restitution and disgorgement of profits, recall or seizure
of products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, withdrawal of approvals, refusal to approve pending applications,
and criminal prosecution resulting in fines and incarceration. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting
the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant
liability. In addition, even after regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may
result in restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Sales
of our product candidates, if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which such products will be covered by third-party payors,
such as government health care programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly
limiting coverage or reducing reimbursements for medical products and services. In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures and
foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and
requirements for substitution of generic products. Third-party payors decide which therapies they will pay for and establish reimbursement
levels. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own coverage and reimbursement
policies. However, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any drug candidates that
we develop will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. Each payor determines whether or not it will provide coverage for a therapy,
what amount it will pay the manufacturer for the therapy, and on what tier of its formulary it will be placed. The position on a payor s
list of covered drugs, or formulary, generally determines the co-payment that a patient will need to make to obtain the therapy
and can strongly influence the adoption of such therapy by patients and physicians. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures,
and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and
results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our product candidates or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover our product
candidates could reduce physician usage of our product candidates, once approved, and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results
of operations and financial condition. 

Other
Healthcare Laws 

Because
of our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, principal investigators, consultants, customers and third-party
payors, we will also be subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states and foreign governments
in which we will conduct our business, including our clinical research, proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. Failure to
comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil penalties, criminal penalties, or both. 

36 

The
U.S. laws that may affect our ability to operate, among others, include: the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of
certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; certain state laws governing
the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which
differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts; the federal healthcare
programs Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving,
offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the
purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the
Medicare and Medicaid programs; federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting,
or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent; federal
criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare
matters; the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report
annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians
(defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment
interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as
anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. 

In
addition, many states have similar laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope and
may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Additionally, to
the extent that our product is sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws. 

The
Impact of New Legislation and Amendments to Existing Laws 

The
FDCA is subject to routine legislative amendments with a broad range of downstream effects. In addition to new legislation, such as
the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 or the FDASIA in 2012, Congress introduces amendments to reauthorize drug user fees and address
emerging concerns every five years. We cannot predict the impact of these new legislative acts and their implementation of regulations
on our business. The programs established or to be established under the legislation may have adverse effects upon us, including
increased regulation of our industry. Compliance with such regulation may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue
business opportunities. In addition, the FDA s regulations, policies and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the
agency or the courts in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. 

We
expect that additional federal and state, as well as foreign, healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could
result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of March 13, 2023, we had 117 full-time employees, of whom 19 hold M.D. or Ph.D. degrees. We have 94 employees dedicated to research and
development. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that the skills, experience and industry
knowledge of our key employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. Our research and development operations are located
in Chatham, NJ, San Diego, CA, Dartmouth, MA, Frederick, Maryland, Dublin, Ireland and Montreal, Canada. We have used, and expect to continue
to use, third parties to conduct our nonclinical and clinical studies as well as part-time employees. 

Employee
health and safety in the workplace is one of our core values. The COVID-19 pandemic has underscored for us the importance of keeping our
employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, we have taken actions aligned with the World Health Organization and the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention in an effort to protect our workforce so they can more safely and effectively perform their work. 

Employee
levels are managed to align with the pace of business and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business
successfully. 

Corporate
Information 

We lease the space for our principal executive offices, which are located
at 26 Main Street, Suite 101, Chatham, New Jersey 07928, and our telephone number is (862) 799 8599. Our website address is www.tonixpharma.com.
We do not incorporate the information on our websites into this annual report, and you should not consider such information part of this
annual report. 

We
were incorporated on November 16, 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada as Tamandare Explorations Inc. On October 11, 2011, we changed
our name to Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

We have a history of operating losses
 and may never generate revenues or achieve profitability. 

We expect our operating results
 to fluctuate, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 

Our product candidates are novel
 and still in development. 

We do not expect to generate any
 revenues from product sales in the foreseeable future, if at all. 

We are largely dependent on the
 success of our product candidates and cannot be certain that our product candidates will receive regulatory approval or be successfully
 commercialized. 

Clinical studies required for our
 product candidates are expensive and time-consuming, and their outcome is uncertain. 

We are subject to extensive and
 costly government regulation. 

We
 have never submitted an NDA before, and may be unable to do so for our product candidates we are developing. 

37 

Our product candidates may cause
 serious adverse events or undesirable side effects which may delay or prevent marketing approval, or, if approval is received, require
 them to be taken off the market, require them to include safety warnings or otherwise limit their sales. 

We may be unable to meet our anticipated
 development and commercialization timelines for approval of any of our product candidates. 

Any breakthrough, fast track or
 orphan drug designation or grant of priority review status by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review
 or approval process, nor assure FDA approval of our product candidates. 

Even if approved, our products may
 not be accepted by the market. 

We may use our financial and human
 resources to pursue a particular research program or product candidate and fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may
 be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Our independent registered public
 accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited
 financial statements. We may be unable to continue to operate without the threat of liquidation for the foreseeable future. 

We will need additional capital.
 If additional capital is not available or is available at unattractive terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate
 our research and development programs, reduce our commercialization efforts or curtail our operations. 

Outbreaks of communicable diseases
 may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Competition and technological change
 may make our product candidates and technologies less attractive or obsolete. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual
 property rights, our ability to pursue the development of our technologies and products would be negatively affected. 

We may be involved in lawsuits to
 protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive and time consuming. 

If we infringe the rights of third
 parties we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages, and defend against litigation. 

We rely on third parties to conduct,
 supervise and monitor our clinical studies, and if those third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, it may harm our business. 

We will need to expand our operations
 and increase the size of our company, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

Our executive officers and other
 key personnel are critical to our business, and our future success depends on our ability to retain them. 

If we are unable to hire additional
 qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business may be harmed. 

We rely on third parties to manufacture
 the compounds used in our studies, and we intend to rely on them for the manufacture of any approved products for commercial sale. If
 these third parties do not manufacture our product candidates in sufficient quantities and at an acceptable cost, clinical development
 and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed, prevented or impaired. 

Failure by our third-party manufacturers
 to comply with the regulatory guidelines set forth by the FDA with respect to our product candidates could delay or prevent the completion
 of clinical studies, the approval of any product candidates or the commercialization of our products. 

Adverse global conditions, including economic uncertainty, may
 negatively impact our financial results. 

Our internal computer systems, or those of our CRO s or
 other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development
 programs. 

Corporate and academic collaborators
 may take actions to delay, prevent, or undermine the success of our products. 

Data provided by collaborators and
 others upon which we rely that has not been independently verified could turn out to be false, misleading, or incomplete. 

Our product candidates may face
 competition sooner than expected. 

If we fail to establish marketing,
 sales and distribution capabilities, or fail to enter into arrangements with third parties, we will not be able to create a market for
 our product candidates. 

Our relationships
 with customers, physicians, and third-party payors will be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and
 abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we are unable
 to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Coverage
 and adequate reimbursement may not be available for our current or any future drug candidates, which could make it difficult for us to
 sell profitably, if approved. 

Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a negative impact
 on our business and results of operations. 

If we obtain approval to commercialize
 any approved products outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely
 affect our business. 

We face the risk of product liability
 claims and may not be able to obtain insurance. 

We use hazardous chemicals in our
 business. Potential claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these chemicals could affect us and be time consuming
 and costly. 

If we retain collaborative partners
 and our partners do not satisfy their obligations, we will be unable to develop our partnered product candidates. 

We may be unsuccessful in obtaining
 a priority review voucher for material threat medical countermeasures. 

Government entities may take actions that directly or indirectly
 have the effect of limiting opportunities for our vaccines for COVID-19. 

If technology developed for the
 purposes of developing new medicines or vaccines can be applied to the creation or development of biological weapons, then our technology
 may be considered dual use technology and be subject to limitations on public disclosure or export. 

We face risks in connection with
 existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We face risks in connection with
 the testing, production and storage of our vaccine product candidates. 

An active trading market for our
 common stock may not be sustained. 

The market price of our common stock has been extremely volatile
 and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our control. 

We could be delisted from Nasdaq,
 which could seriously harm the liquidity of our stock and our ability to raise capital. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends
 on our common stock and, accordingly, shareholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 

We expect that our quarterly results
 of operations will fluctuate, and this fluctuation could cause our stock price to decline. 

If we fail to comply with the rules
 under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to accounting controls and procedures, or if we discover material weaknesses and deficiencies
 in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

38 

If securities or industry analysts
 do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock
 price and trading volume could decline. 

Other companies may have difficulty
 acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, due to provisions under our corporate charter and bylaws, as well as Nevada
 law. 

Other companies may have difficulty
 acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, due to provisions under our corporate charter and bylaws, as well as Nevada
 law. 

Our bylaws designate the Eighth
 Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may
 be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes
 with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
have a history of operating losses and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we are
able to generate revenues, achieve profitability. 

We
are focused on product development, and we have not generated any revenues to date. We have incurred losses in each year of our operations,
and we expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. These operating losses have adversely affected and are
likely to continue to adversely affect our working capital, total assets and shareholders equity. 

We
and our prospects should be examined in light of the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by new and early-stage companies in
new and rapidly evolving markets. These risks include, among other things, the speed at which we can scale up operations, our complete
dependence upon development of our product candidates that currently have no market acceptance, our ability to establish and expand our
brand name, our ability to expand our operations to meet the commercial demand of our clients, our development of and reliance on strategic
and customer relationships and our ability to minimize fraud and other security risks. 

The process of developing our products requires significant clinical, nonclinical
and CMC development, laboratory testing and clinical studies. In addition, commercialization of our product candidates will require that
we obtain necessary regulatory approvals and establish sales, marketing and manufacturing capabilities, either through internal hiring
or through contractual relationships with others. We expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future as a result of anticipated
increases in our research and development costs, including costs associated with conducting preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical
studies, and regulatory compliance activities. 

We expect to incur
substantial additional operating expenses over the next several years as our research, development, preclinical and nonclinical
testing, and clinical study activities increase , and if and when we acquire rights
to additional product candidates. The amount of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are uncertain. We
have no products that have generated any commercial revenue, do not expect to generate revenues from the commercial sale of products
in the near future, and might never generate revenues from the sale of products. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve
profitability will depend on, among other things, successful completion of the development of our product candidates; obtaining
necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA; establishing manufacturing, sales, and marketing arrangements with third parties;
successfully commercializing our products; establishing a favorable competitive position; and raising sufficient funds to finance
our activities. Many of these factors will depend on circumstances beyond our control. We might not succeed at any of these
undertakings. If we are unsuccessful at some or all of these undertakings, our business, prospects, and results of operations may be
materially adversely affected. 

We
expect a number of factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to
predict our future performance. 

We are a development-stage biopharmaceutical
and our operations to date have been primarily limited to developing our technology and undertaking preclinical and nonclinical testing
and clinical studies of our latest stage product candidate, TNX-102 SL for FM, Long COVID and potentially other CNS conditions. We have
not yet obtained regulatory approvals for TNX-102 SL or any of our other product candidates. Consequently, any predictions made about
our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or commercialized products.
Our financial condition has varied significantly in the past and will continue to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year due
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations
include other factors described elsewhere in this annual report and also include, among other things: 

our ability to obtain additional funding
 to develop our product candidates; 

delays in the commencement, enrollment and timing of clinical studies; 

the success of our clinical studies through all phases of clinical development,
 including studies of our most advanced product candidate, TNX-102 SL for FM, Long COVID and potentially other CNS indications; 

any delays in regulatory review and approval of product candidates in clinical
 development; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our product candidate
 TNX-102 SL for FM and Long COVID, TNX-1900 for chronic migraine, TNX-601 ER for depression or any of our other product candidates in the
 United States and foreign jurisdictions; 

potential nonclinical toxicity and/or side effects of our product candidates
 that could delay or prevent commercialization, limit the indications for any approved drug, require the establishment of REMS, or cause
 an approved drug to be taken off the market; 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements; 

market acceptance of our product candidates; 

competition from existing products or new products that may emerge; 

the ability of patients or healthcare providers to obtain coverage of or sufficient
 reimbursement for our products; 

our ability to leverage our proprietary technology platform to discover and
 develop additional product candidates; 

39 

our ability and our licensors 
 abilities to successfully obtain, maintain, defend and enforce intellectual property rights important to our business; and 

potential product liability claims; 

Accordingly, the results of any
quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of future operating performance. 

RISKS RELATED TO PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, REGULATORY
APPROVAL, MANUFACTURING AND COMMERCILAIZATION 

Our product candidates are novel and still in
development. 

We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical
company focused on the development of drug product candidates, all of which are still in development. Our drug development methods may
not lead to commercially viable drugs for any of several reasons. For example, we may fail to identify appropriate targets or compounds,
our drug candidates may fail to be safe and effective in clinical studies, or we may have inadequate financial or other resources to pursue
development efforts for our drug candidates. Our drug candidates will require significant additional development, clinical studies, regulatory
clearances and additional investment by us or our collaborators before they can be commercialized. 

Further, we and our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation
by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in other countries governing, among other things, research, testing, clinical studies,
manufacturing, labeling, promotion, selling, adverse event reporting and recordkeeping. We are not permitted to market any of our product
candidates in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA for a product candidate from the FDA or the equivalent approval from
a foreign regulatory authority. Obtaining FDA approval is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. We currently have one product candidate,
TNX-102 SL, in Phase 3 development for the treatment of FM and Phase 2 development for the treatment of Long COVID, and we have three
other products in Phase 2 development for the treatment of chronic migraine, depression and cocaine intoxication. The success of our business
currently depends on the successful development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates and TNX-102 SL. Any projected
sales or future revenue predictions are predicated upon FDA approval and market acceptance. If projected sales do not materialize for
any reason, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to continue operations. 

As we have no approved products on the market,
we do not expect to generate any revenues from product sales in the foreseeable future, if at all. 

To date, we have no approved product
on the market and have generated no product revenues. We have funded our operations primarily from sales of our securities. We have not
received, and do not expect to receive for at least the next couple of years, if at all, any revenues from the commercialization of our
product candidates. 

To obtain revenues from sales
of our product candidates, we must succeed, either alone or with third parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing
and marketing drugs with commercial potential. We may never succeed in these activities, and we may not generate sufficient revenues to
continue our business operations or achieve profitability. 

We are largely dependent on the success of our
lead product candidates, and we cannot be certain that these product candidates will receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. 

We have not yet submitted an NDA
or foreign equivalent or received marketing approval for our lead product candidates anywhere in the world. The clinical development programs
may not lead to commercial products for a number of reasons, including if we fail to obtain necessary approvals from the FDA or foreign
regulatory authorities because our clinical studies fail to demonstrate to their satisfaction that this product candidate is safe and
effective or a clinical program may be put on hold due to unexpected safety issues. We may also fail to obtain the necessary approvals
if we have inadequate financial or other resources to advance our product candidates through the clinical study process. Any failure or
delay in completing clinical studies or obtaining regulatory approvals for our lead product candidates in a timely manner would have a
material adverse impact on our business and our stock price. 

We may not commence or advance clinical trials
for COVID-related products if the COVID-19 disease outbreak subsides. 

Disease outbreaks are unpredictable.
For example, the SARS virus disappeared just four months after it caused a global panic. In the event that COVID-19 has a similar disease
cycle, we may be forced to abandon or delay the development of our COVID-related products due to a lack of patients or government funding. 

Successful development of our products is uncertain. 

Our development of current and
future product candidates is subject to the risks of failure and delay inherent in the development of new pharmaceutical products, including:
delays in product development, clinical testing, or manufacturing; unplanned expenditures in product development, clinical testing, or
manufacturing; failure to receive regulatory approvals; emergence of superior or equivalent products; inability to manufacture on its
own, or through any others, product candidates on a commercial scale; and failure to achieve market acceptance. 

Because of these risks, our research
and development efforts may not result in any commercially viable products. If a significant portion of these development efforts are
not successfully completed, required regulatory approvals are not obtained or any approved products are not commercially successfully,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially harmed. 

Clinical studies required for our product candidates
are expensive and time-consuming, and their outcome is uncertain. 

In order to obtain FDA approval
to market a new pharmaceutical product, we must demonstrate proof of safety and effectiveness in humans. To meet these requirements, we
must conduct adequate and well controlled clinical studies. Conducting clinical studies is a lengthy, time-consuming, and
expensive process. The length of time may vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty, and intended use of the product
candidate, and often can be several years or more per study. Delays associated with products for which we are directly conducting clinical
studies may cause us to incur additional operating expenses. The commencement and rate of completion of clinical studies may be delayed
by many factors, including, for example: inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of stable and qualified materials under cGMP,
for use in clinical studies; slower than expected rates of patient recruitment; failure to recruit a sufficient number of patients; modification
of clinical study protocols; changes in regulatory requirements for clinical studies; the lack of effectiveness during clinical studies;
the emergence of unforeseen safety issues; delays, suspension, or termination of the clinical studies due to the IRB responsible for overseeing
the study at a particular study site; and government or regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension or termination
of the studies. 

40 

The
results from early clinical studies are not necessarily predictive of results obtained in later clinical studies. Accordingly, even if
we obtain positive results from early clinical studies, we may not be able to confirm the results in future clinical studies. In addition,
clinical studies may not demonstrate sufficient safety and effectiveness to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for product candidates. 

Our
clinical studies may be conducted in patients with CNS conditions, and in some cases, our product candidates are expected to be used in
combination with approved therapies that themselves have significant adverse event profiles. During the course of treatment, these patients
could suffer adverse medical events or die for reasons that may or may not be related to our product candidates. We cannot ensure that
safety issues will not arise with respect to our product candidates in clinical development. 

The
failure of clinical studies to demonstrate safety and effectiveness for the desired indications could harm the development of that product
candidate and other product candidates. This failure could cause us to abandon a product candidate and could delay development of other
product candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical studies would delay the filing of our NDAs with the FDA and, ultimately,
our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate product revenues. Any change in, or termination of, our clinical studies
could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to extensive and costly government regulation. 

Product
candidates employing our technology are subject to extensive and rigorous domestic government regulation including regulation by the FDA,
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, other divisions of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, the United
States Department of Justice, state and local governments, and their respective foreign equivalents. The FDA regulates the research, development,
preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical studies, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, record-keeping, reporting, labeling, storage,
approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import, and export of biopharmaceutical products. The FDA regulates small molecule
chemical entities as drugs, subject to an NDA under the FDCA. The FDA applies the same standards for biologics, requiring an IND application,
followed by a Biologic License Application, or BLA, prior to licensure. Other products, such as vaccines, are also regulated under the
Public Health Service Act. FDA has conflated the standards for approval of NDAs and BLAs so that they require the same types of information
on safety, effectiveness, and CMCs. If products employing our technologies are marketed abroad, they will also be subject to extensive
regulation by foreign governments, whether or not they have obtained FDA approval for a given product and its uses. Such foreign regulation
may be equally or more demanding than corresponding United States regulation. 

Government
regulation substantially increases the cost and risk of researching, developing, manufacturing, and selling our products. The regulatory
review and approval process, which includes preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical studies of each product candidate, is lengthy,
expensive, and uncertain. We or our collaborators must obtain and maintain regulatory authorization to conduct clinical studies. We or
our collaborators must obtain regulatory approval for each product we intend to market, and the manufacturing facilities used for the
products must be inspected and meet legal requirements. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical,
nonclinical and clinical data and other supporting information for each proposed therapeutic indication in order to establish the product s
safety and efficacy, and in the case of biologics also potency and purity, for each intended use. The development and approval process
takes many years, requires substantial resources, and may never lead to the approval of a product. 

Even
if we are able to obtain regulatory approval for a particular product, the approval may limit the indicated medical uses for the product,
may otherwise limit our ability to promote, sell, and distribute the product, may require that we conduct costly post-marketing surveillance,
and/or may require that we conduct ongoing post-marketing studies. Material changes to an approved product, such as, for example, manufacturing
changes or revised labeling, may require further regulatory review and approval. Once obtained, any approvals may be withdrawn, including,
for example, if there is a later discovery of previously unknown problems with the product, such as a previously unknown safety issue. 

If
we, our collaborators, or our CMOs fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements at any stage during the regulatory process,
such noncompliance could result in, among other things delays in the approval of applications or supplements to approved applications;
refusal of a regulatory authority, including the FDA, to review pending market approval applications or supplements to approved applications;
warning letters; fines; import and/or export restrictions; product recalls or seizures; injunctions; total or partial suspension of production;
civil penalties; withdrawals of previously approved marketing applications or licenses; recommendations by the FDA or other regulatory
authorities against governmental contracts; and/or criminal prosecutions. 

We
do not have, and may never obtain, the regulatory approvals we need to market our product candidates. 

Following
completion of clinical studies, the results are evaluated and, depending on the outcome, submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA or
BLA in order to obtain FDA approval of the product and authorization to commence commercial marketing. In responding to an NDA, the FDA
may require additional testing or information, may require that the product labeling be modified, may impose post-approval study and other
commitments or reporting requirements or other restrictions on product distribution, or may deny the application. The FDA has established
performance goals for review of NDAs or BLAs: six months for priority applications and ten months for standard applications. However,
the FDA is not required to complete its review within these time periods. The timing of final FDA review and action varies greatly but
can take years in some cases and may involve the input of an FDA advisory committee of outside experts. Product sales in the United States
may commence only when an NDA or BLA is approved. 

To
date, we have not applied for or received the regulatory approvals required for the commercial sale of any of our products in the United
States or in any foreign jurisdiction. None of our product candidates have been determined to be safe and effective, and we have not submitted
an NDA or BLA to the FDA or an equivalent application to any foreign regulatory authorities for any of our product candidates. 

It
is possible that none of our product candidates will be approved for marketing. Failure to obtain regulatory approvals, or delays in obtaining
regulatory approvals, may adversely affect the successful commercialization of any drugs or biologics that we or our partners develop,
may impose additional costs on us or our collaborators, may diminish any competitive advantages that we or our partners may attain, and/or
may adversely affect our receipt of revenues or royalties. 

41 

We
have never submitted an NDA before, and may be unable to do so for our product candidates we are developing. 

The
conduct of pivotal clinical studies and the submission of a successful NDA is a complicated process. Although members of our management
team have extensive industry experience, including in the development and clinical testing of drug candidates and the commercialization
of drug, have limited experience in preparing, submitting and prosecuting regulatory filings, and have not submitted an NDA before. Consequently,
we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute and complete this planned clinical study in a way that leads to NDA submission
and approval of our product candidates we are developing. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may
not succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals of product candidates that we develop. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our
planned clinical studies would prevent or delay commercialization of TNX-102 SL and other product candidates we are developing. 

Our
product candidates may cause serious adverse events, or SAEs, or undesirable side effects which may delay or prevent marketing approval,
or, if approval is received, require them to be taken off the market, require them to include safety warnings or otherwise limit their
sales. 

SAEs
or undesirable side effects from any of our other product candidates could arise either during clinical development or, if approved, after
the approved product has been marketed. The results of future clinical studies may show that our product candidates cause SAEs or undesirable
side effects, which could interrupt, delay or halt clinical studies, resulting in delay of, or failure to obtain, marketing approval from
the FDA and other regulatory authorities. 

If
any of our other product candidates cause SAEs or undesirable side effects or suffer from quality control issues: 

regulatory authorities may impose
 a clinical hold or risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, or REMS, which could result in substantial delays, significantly increase
 the cost of development, and/or adversely impact our ability to continue development of the product; 

regulatory authorities may require
 the addition of statements, specific warnings, or contraindications to the product label, or restrict the product s indication to
 a smaller potential treatment population; 

we may be required to change the
 way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical studies; 

we
 may be required to implement a risk minimization action plan, which could result in substantial cost increases and have a negative impact
 on our ability to commercialize the product; 

we may be required to limit the
 participants who can receive the product; 

we may be subject to limitations
 on how we promote the product; 

we may, voluntarily or involuntarily,
 initiate field alerts for product recall, which may result in shortages; 

sales of the product may decrease
 significantly; 

regulatory authorities may require
 us to take our approved product off the market; 

we may be subject to litigation
 or product liability claims; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product or could substantially increase
commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenues from the sale of our
products. 

If
we are unable to file for approval of TNX-102 SL under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA or if we are required to generate additional data
related to safety and efficacy in order to obtain approval under Section 505(b)(2), we may be unable to meet our anticipated development
and commercialization timelines. 

Our current plans for filing NDAs
for our most advanced product candidate, TNX-102 SL, include efforts to minimize the data we will be required to generate in order to
obtain marketing approval and therefore reduce the development time. We intend to file Section 505(b)(2) NDAs for TNX-102 SL for FM, Long
COVID and for other proposed indications, that might, if accepted by the FDA, save time and expense in the development and testing of
TNX-102 SL. 

TNX-102 SL for FM and other
CNS indications is our most advanced development product candidate which is in mid-Phase 3 for FM. The timeline for filing and
review of our NDA for TNX-102 SL for FM is based on our plan to submit this NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA, which would
enable us to rely in part on data in the public domain or elsewhere. We have not yet filed an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) for any of
our product candidates. Depending on the data that may be required by the FDA for approval, some of the data may be related to
products already approved by the FDA. If the data relied upon is related to products already approved by the FDA and covered by
third-party patents, we would be required to certify that we do not infringe the listed patents or that such patents are invalid or
unenforceable. As a result of the certification, the third-party would have 45 days from notification of our certification to
initiate an action against us. In the event that an action is brought in response to such a certification, the approval of our
NDA could be subject to a stay of up to 30 months or more while we defend against such a suit. Approval of our product candidates
under Section 505(b)(2) may therefore be delayed until patent exclusivity expires or until we successfully challenge the
applicability of those patents to our product candidates. Alternatively, we may elect to generate sufficient additional clinical
data so that we no longer rely on data which triggers a potential stay of the approval of our product candidates. Even if no
exclusivity periods apply to our applications under Section 505(b)(2), the FDA has broad discretion to require us to generate
additional data on the safety and efficacy of our product candidates to supplement third-party data on which we may be permitted to
rely. In either event, we could be required, before obtaining marketing approval for any of our product candidates, to conduct
substantial new research and development activities beyond those we currently plan to engage in order to obtain approval of our
product candidates. Such additional new research and development activities would be costly and time-consuming. 

42 

We may not be able to realize
a shortened development timeline for TNX-102 SL for FM, Long COVID (or other proposed indications under TNX-102 SL), and the FDA may not
approve our NDA based on their review of the submitted data. If cyclobenzaprine-containing products are withdrawn from the market by the
FDA for any safety reason, we may not be able to reference such products to support a 505(b)(2) NDA for TNX-102 SL, and we may need to
fulfill the more extensive requirements of Section 505(b)(1). If we are required to generate additional data to support approval, we may
be unable to meet our anticipated development and commercialization timelines, may be unable to generate the additional data at a reasonable
cost, or at all, and may be unable to obtain marketing approval of our lead product candidate. 

Any
breakthrough, fast track or orphan drug designation or grant of priority review status by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development
or regulatory review or approval process, nor will it assure FDA approval of our product candidates. Additionally, our product candidates
may treat indications that do not qualify for priority review vouchers. 

If
a product candidate offers major advances in treatment, the FDA may designate it eligible for priority review. The FDA has broad discretion
whether or not to grant these designations, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for these designations, we
cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant them. Even if we do receive fast track designation or priority review, we may not
experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw fast track designation
if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 

Even
if approved, our products will be subject to extensive post-approval regulation. 

Once
a product is approved, numerous post-approval requirements apply. Among other things, the holder of an approved NDA is subject to periodic
and other FDA monitoring and reporting obligations, including obligations to monitor and report adverse events and instances of the failure
of a product to meet the specifications in the NDA. Application holders must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval
for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. Application holders must also submit advertising
and other promotional material to the FDA and report on ongoing clinical studies. 

Depending
on the circumstances, failure to meet these post-approval requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines, injunctions, recall
or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, or refusal
to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. In addition, even if we comply with FDA and other requirements,
new information regarding the safety or effectiveness of a product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, our product candidates may not be accepted by the market. 

Even
if the FDA approves one or more of our product candidates, physicians and patients may not accept it or use it. Even if physicians and
patients would like to use our products, our products may not gain market acceptance among healthcare payors such as managed care formularies,
insurance companies or government programs such as Medicare or Medicaid. Acceptance and use of our products will depend upon a number
of factors including: perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of
our drug or device product; cost-effectiveness of our product relative to competing products; availability of reimbursement for our product
from government or other healthcare payors; and effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors,
if any. 

The
degree of market acceptance of any pharmaceutical product that we develop will depend on a number of factors, including: 

cost-effectiveness; 

the safety and effectiveness of
 our products, including any significant potential side effects (including drowsiness and dry mouth), as compared to alternative products
 or treatment methods; 

the timing of market entry as compared
 to competitive products; 

the rate of adoption of our products
 by doctors and nurses; 

product labeling or product insert
 required by the FDA for each of our products; 

reimbursement policies of government
 and third-party payors; 

effectiveness of our sales, marketing
 and distribution capabilities and the effectiveness of such capabilities of our collaborative partners, if any; and 

unfavorable publicity concerning
 our products or any similar products. 

Because
we expect sales of our current product candidates, if approved, to generate substantially all of our product revenues for the foreseeable
future, the failure of these products to find market acceptance would harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing. 

We
may use our financial and human resources to pursue a particular research program or product candidate and fail to capitalize on programs
or product candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because
we have limited financial and human resources, we are currently focusing on development of our lead product candidates. As a result, we
may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial
potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities.
Our spending on existing and future product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we
do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights
to that product candidate through strategic alliance, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more
advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate, or we may allocate internal resources
to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 

43 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS; COMPETITION 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern
in its report on our audited financial statements. We may be unable to continue to operate without the threat of liquidation for the foreseeable
future. 

In connection with our management s
assessment, our report from our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 includes
an explanatory paragraph stating that our recurring losses from operations and net capital deficiency raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations will be materially and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. For example, we anticipate
that our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to maintain our current operations into the fourth quarter of 2023, but not
beyond. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which
those assets are carried on our consolidated financial statements, and investors will likely lose all or a part of their investment. Future
reports from our independent registered public accounting firm may also contain statements expressing substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

We
will need additional capital. If additional capital is not available or is available at unattractive terms, we may be forced to delay,
reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development programs, reduce our commercialization efforts or curtail our operations. 

In
order to develop and bring our product candidates to market, we must commit substantial resources to costly and time-consuming research,
preclinical and nonclinical testing, clinical studies and marketing activities and the buildout of our research and development and manufacturing
facilities. We anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to maintain our current operations into the fourth
quarter of 2023, but not beyond. We anticipate using our cash and cash equivalents to fund further research and development with respect
to our lead product candidate. We will, however, need to raise additional funding sooner if our business or operations change in a manner
that consumes available resources more rapidly than we anticipate. Our requirements for additional capital will depend on many factors,
including: 

successful
 commercialization of our product candidates; 

the time and costs involved in obtaining
 regulatory approval for our product candidates; 

costs associated with protecting
 our intellectual property rights; 

development of marketing and sales
 capabilities; 

payments received under future collaborative
 agreements, if any; and 

market acceptance of our products. 

To
the extent we raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities, the issuance of those securities could result in dilution
to our shareholders. In addition, if we obtain debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the
payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, thus limiting funds available for our business activities. If adequate funds are
not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development programs, reduce our commercialization
efforts or curtail our operations. In addition, we may be required to obtain funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or
others that may require us to relinquish rights to technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise seek to develop
or commercialize ourselves or license rights to technologies, product candidates or products on terms that are less favorable to us than
might otherwise be available. 

We
will require substantial additional funds to support our research and development activities, and the anticipated costs of preclinical
and nonclinical testing and clinical studies, regulatory approvals and eventual commercialization. Such additional sources of financing
may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we do not succeed in raising additional funds on acceptable terms, we may be unable
to commence or complete clinical studies or obtain approval of any product candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In
addition, we could be forced to discontinue product development, forego sales and marketing efforts and forego attractive business opportunities.
Any additional sources of financing will likely involve the issuance of our equity securities, which will have a dilutive effect on our
shareholders. 

There
is no assurance that we will be successful in raising the additional funds needed to fund our business plan. If we are not able to raise
sufficient capital in the near future, our continued operations will be in jeopardy and we may be forced to cease operations and sell
or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of our remaining assets. 

Outbreaks
of communicable diseases may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may face risks related to health epidemics or outbreaks of communicable diseases. The outbreak of such communicable diseases, such as
COVID-19, has and may result in future widespread health crisis that adversely affect general commercial activity and the economies and
financial markets of many countries. An outbreak of communicable diseases, or the perception that such an outbreak could occur, and the
measures taken by the governments of countries affected could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
For example, an outbreak could significantly disrupt our business by limiting our ability to travel or ship materials within or outside
of an affected country and forcing temporary closure of facilities or service providers that we rely upon. An outbreak could also impact
our ability to conduct our ongoing multicenter clinical trials if trial participant attendance at requisite study visits is substantially
reduced and if a significant percentage of study participants and study staff are adversely affected by coronavirus or other infections
and the resulting disease course. Moreover, government or community shutdowns such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, may impair
our ability to analyze and submit the results from our clinical and preclinical trials, leading to further delays in the development and
approval of our product candidates. 

44 

Competition
and technological change may make our product candidates and technologies less attractive or obsolete. 

We
compete with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are pursuing other forms of treatment for the same or similar
indications we are pursuing and that have greater financial and other resources. Other companies may succeed in developing products earlier
than us, obtaining FDA approval for products more rapidly, or developing products that are more effective than our product candidates.
Research and development by others may render our technology or product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive, or result in treatments
or cures superior to any therapy we develop. We face competition from companies that internally develop competing technology or acquire
competing technology from universities and other research institutions. As these companies develop their technologies, they may develop
competitive positions that may prevent, make futile, or limit our product commercialization efforts, which would result in a decrease
in the revenue we would be able to derive from the sale of any products. 

There
can be no assurance that any of our product candidates will be accepted by the marketplace as readily as these or other competing treatments.
Furthermore, if our competitors products are approved before ours, it could be more difficult for us to obtain approval from the
FDA. For example, at least three vaccines for the prevention of COVID-19 have been approved to date, and we expect that other vaccines
will be approved prior to the approval of our COVID-19 vaccine candidate, if it is approved at all. Even if our products are successfully
developed and approved for use by all governing regulatory bodies, there can be no assurance that physicians and patients will accept
our product(s) as a treatment of choice. 

Additionally,
if a competitor receives FDA approval before we do for a drug that is similar to one of our product candidates, FDA approval for our product
candidate may be precluded or delayed due to periods of non-patent exclusivity and/or the listing with the FDA by the competitor of patents
covering its newly-approved drug product. Periods of non-patent exclusivity for new versions of existing drugs such as our current drug
product candidate, TNX-102 SL, can extend up to three and one-half years. 

Furthermore,
the pharmaceutical research industry is diverse, complex, and rapidly changing. By its nature, the business risks associated therewith
are numerous and significant. The effects of competition, intellectual property disputes, market acceptance, and FDA regulations preclude
us from forecasting revenues or income with certainty or even confidence. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND REGULATORY EXCLUSIVITY 

If
we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our ability to pursue the development of our technologies and products would be negatively
affected. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain patents and maintain adequate protection of our technologies and products. If we
do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our technologies to produce and market drugs using
our technologies and patents in direct competition with us and erode our competitive advantage. Some foreign countries lack rules and
methods for defending intellectual property rights and do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the United States. Many
companies have had difficulty protecting their proprietary rights in these foreign countries. We may not be able to prevent misappropriation
of our proprietary rights and intellectual property rights in these and other countries. 

We
have received, and are currently seeking, patent protection for numerous compounds and methods of treating diseases. However, the patent
process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our products
by obtaining and defending patents related to them. These risks and uncertainties include the following: patents that may be issued or
licensed may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise may not provide us any competitive advantage; our competitors,
many of which have substantially greater resources than we and many of which have made significant investments in competing technologies,
may seek, or may already have obtained, patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our potential
products either in the United States or in international markets; there may be significant pressure on the United States government and
other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for treatments
that prove successful as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; and countries other than the United States may
have less robust patent laws than those upheld by United States courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws
to create, develop, and market competing products using our technologies and patents. 

Moreover,
any patents issued to us may not provide us with meaningful protection, or others may challenge, circumvent or narrow our patents. Third
parties may also independently develop products similar to our products, duplicate our unpatented products or design around any patents
or propriety technologies on products we develop. Additionally, extensive time is required for development, testing and regulatory review
of a potential product. While extensions of patent term due to regulatory delays may be available, it is possible that, before any of
our product candidates can be commercialized, any related patent, even with an extension, may expire or remain in force for only a short
period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantages to us of the patent. 

In
addition, the PTO and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required that patent applications concerning pharmaceutical and/or
biotechnology-related inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the innovations specifically exemplified in the patent
application, thereby limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain
patents, the patents may be substantially narrower than anticipated. 

Our
success depends on our patents and patent applications that may be licensed exclusively to us and other patents and patent applications
to which we may obtain assignment or licenses. We may not be aware, however, of all patents, published applications or published literature
that may affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our product candidates, by preventing the patentability of
our product candidates to us or our licensors, or by covering the same or similar technologies. These patents, patent applications, and
published literature may limit the scope of our future patent claims or adversely affect our ability to market our product candidates. 

In
addition to patents, we rely on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, and security
measures to protect our confidential and proprietary information. These measures may not adequately protect our trade secrets or other
proprietary information. If they do not adequately protect our rights, third parties could use our technology, and we could lose any competitive
advantage we may have. In addition, others may independently develop similar proprietary information or techniques or otherwise gain access
to our trade secrets, which could impair any competitive advantage we may have. 

Patent
protection and other intellectual property protection is crucial to the success of our business and prospects, and there is a substantial
risk that such protections will prove inadequate. 

45 

We
may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive and time consuming. 

The
pharmaceutical industry has been characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights, and companies
have employed intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. We may become subject to infringement claims or litigation
arising out of present and future patents and other proceedings of our competitors. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property
suits are costly and time-consuming to pursue, and their outcome is uncertain. Litigation may be necessary to determine the enforceability,
scope, and validity of the proprietary rights of others. An adverse determination in litigation to which we may become a party could subject
us to significant liabilities, require us to obtain licenses from third parties, or restrict or prevent us from selling our products in
certain markets. Although patent and intellectual property disputes might be settled through licensing or similar arrangements, the costs
associated with such arrangements may be substantial and could include our paying large fixed payments and ongoing royalties. Furthermore,
the necessary licenses may not be available on satisfactory terms or at all. 

Competitors
may infringe our patents, and we may file infringement claims to counter infringement or unauthorized use. Third parties may assert that
our patents are invalid and/or unenforceable in these proceedings. Such litigation can be expensive, particularly for a company of our
size, and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable,
or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover its technology.
An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or
interpreted narrowly. 

Third
parties may also assert that our patents are invalid in patent office administrative proceedings. These proceedings include oppositions
in the European Patent Office and inter partes review and post-grant review proceedings in the PTO. The success rate
of these administrative challenges to patent validity in the United States is higher than it is for validity challenges in litigation. 

Interference
or derivation proceedings brought before the PTO may be necessary to determine priority of invention with respect to innovations disclosed
in our patents or patent applications. During these proceedings, it may be determined that we do not have priority of invention for one
or more aspects in our patents or patent applications and could result in the invalidation in part or whole of a patent or could put a
patent application at risk of not issuing. Even if successful, an interference or derivation proceeding may result in substantial costs
and distraction to our management. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or interference or derivation
proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, there could be
public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If investors perceive these results
to be negative, the price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 

Except
for the oppositions to European Patents 2501234, 2968992, and 2683245 (the Opposition Division in each of those oppositions maintained
our claims in unamended form; Opponent has appealed that decision in the 234 Opposition and we expect the opponents to appeal the
decisions in the 992 and 245 oppositions), there are no unresolved communications, allegations, complaints or threats of
litigation related to the possibility that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. Any litigation or claims against us, whether or not
merited, may result in substantial costs, place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management and
harm our reputation. An adverse decision in litigation or administrative proceedings could result in inadequate protection for our product
candidates and/or reduce the value of any license agreements we have with third parties. 

If
we infringe the rights of third parties we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages, and defend against litigation. 

If
our products, methods, processes and other technologies infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial costs
and we may have to: obtain licenses, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all; abandon an infringing product
candidate; redesign our products or processes to avoid infringement; stop using the subject matter claimed in the patents held by others;
pay damages; and/or defend litigation or administrative proceedings which may be costly whether we win or lose, and which could result
in a substantial diversion of our financial and management resources. 

There
are risks to our intellectual property based on our international business initiatives. 

We
may face risks to our technology and intellectual property as a result of our conducting strategic business discussions outside of the
United States, and particularly in jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of corporate proprietary information
and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. While these risks
are common to many companies, conducting business in certain foreign jurisdictions, housing technology, data and intellectual property
abroad, or licensing technology to joint ventures with foreign partners may have more significant exposure. For example, we have shared
intellectual properties with entities in China pursuant to confidentiality agreements in connection with discussions on potential strategic
collaborations, which may expose us to material risks of theft of our proprietary information and other intellectual property, including
technical data, manufacturing processes, data sets or other sensitive information. For example, our technology may be reverse engineered
by the parties or other parties, which could result in our patents being infringed or our know-how or trade secrets stolen. The risk can
be by direct intrusion wherein technology and intellectual property is stolen or compromised through cyber intrusions or physical theft
through corporate espionage, including with the assistance of insiders, or via more indirect routes. 

GENERAL
COMPANY-RELATED RISKS 

If
preclinical and nonclinical testing or clinical studies for our product candidates are unsuccessful or delayed, we will be unable to meet
our anticipated development and commercialization timelines. 

We
rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties, including contract research organizations, or CROs, and outside consultants, to
conduct, supervise or monitor some or all aspects of preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical studies involving our product candidates.
We have less control over the timing and other aspects of these preclinical and nonclinical testing activities and clinical studies than
if we performed the monitoring and supervision entirely on our own. Third parties may not perform their responsibilities for our preclinical
and nonclinical testing and clinical studies on our anticipated schedule or, for clinical studies, consistent with a clinical study protocol.
Delays in preclinical and nonclinical testing, and clinical studies could significantly increase our product development costs and delay
product commercialization. In addition, many of the factors that may cause, or lead to, a delay in the clinical studies may also ultimately
lead to denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. 

46 

The
commencement of clinical studies can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: 

demonstrating sufficient safety
 and efficacy to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical study; 

reaching agreement on acceptable
 terms with prospective CROs and study sites; 

developing a stable formulation
 of a product candidate; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities
 of a product candidate; and 

obtaining institutional review board,
 or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical study at a prospective site. 

Once
a clinical study has begun, it may be delayed, suspended or terminated by us or the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number
of factors, including: 

ongoing discussions with the FDA
 or other regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical studies; 

failure to conduct clinical studies
 in accordance with regulatory requirements; 

lower than anticipated recruitment
 or retention rate of patients in clinical studies; 

inspection of the clinical study
 operations or study sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold; 

lack of adequate funding to continue
 clinical studies; 

negative results of clinical studies; 

investigational
 drug product out-of-specification; or 

nonclinical or clinical safety observations,
 including adverse events and SAEs. 

If
clinical studies are unsuccessful, and we are not able to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates under development, we
will not be able to commercialize these products, and therefore may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to support our business. 

We
rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical studies, and if those third parties perform in an unsatisfactory
manner, it may harm our business. 

We
rely on CROs and clinical study sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical studies. While we have agreements governing
their activities, we will have limited influence over their actual performance. We will control only certain aspects of our CROs 
activities. Nevertheless, we will be responsible for ensuring that our clinical studies are conducted in accordance with the applicable
protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. 

We
and our CROs are required to comply with the FDA s cGCP for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical studies
to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical study
participants are protected. The FDA enforces these cGCPs through periodic inspections of study sponsors, principal investigators and clinical
study sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical studies may be deemed
unreliable and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical studies before approving any marketing applications. Upon inspection,
the FDA may determine that our clinical studies did not comply with cGCPs. In addition, our clinical studies, including our ongoing Phase
3 RESILIENT study, will require a sufficiently large number of fibromyalgia participants to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of TNX-102
SL in FM. Accordingly, if our CROs fail to comply with these regulations or fail to recruit a sufficient number of participants, our clinical
studies may be delayed or we may be required to repeat such clinical studies, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

Our
CROs are not our employees, and we are not able to control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical studies.
These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting
clinical studies, or other drug development activities which could harm our competitive position. 

If
our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or
accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements,
or for any other reasons, our clinical studies may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval
for, or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for such product
candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 

We
also rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug products for our clinical studies. Any performance failure on the part of
our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our products,
if approved, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 

We
will need to expand our operations and increase the size of our company, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

As
we advance our product candidates through preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical studies, and develop new product candidates
and buildout of our research and development and manufacturing facilities, we will need to increase our product development, scientific,
regulatory and compliance and administrative headcount to manage these programs. In addition, to meet our obligations as a public company,
we will need to increase our general and administrative capabilities. Our management, personnel and systems currently in place may not
be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively manage our operations, growth and various projects requires that we: 

successfully attract and recruit
 new employees with the expertise and experience we will require; 

47 

manage our clinical programs effectively,
 which we anticipate being conducted at numerous clinical sites; 

develop a marketing, distribution
 and sales infrastructure in addition to a post-marketing surveillance program if we seek to market our products directly; and 

continue to improve our operational,
 manufacturing, quality assurance, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

If
we are unable to successfully manage this growth and increased complexity of operations, our business may be adversely affected. 

Our
executive officers and other key personnel are critical to our business, and our future success depends on our ability to retain them. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent upon the continued services of Dr. Seth Lederman, our President and Chief Executive Officer and
Dr. Gregory M. Sullivan, our Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Lederman has overseen Tonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary,
since inception and provides leadership for our growth and operations strategy as well as being an inventor on many of our patents. Dr.
Sullivan has served as our Chief Medical Officer since 2014 and directed the Phase 2 AtEase study, Phase 3 HONOR study, the Phase 3 RECOVERY
study, Phase 3 RELIEF study, the Phase 3 RALLY study and the Phase 3 RESILIENCE study. Loss of the services of Drs. Lederman or Sullivan
would have a material adverse effect on our growth, revenues, and prospective business. The loss of any of our key personnel, or the inability
to attract and retain qualified personnel, may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our research, development or business
objectives and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
employment agreement we enter into will not ensure the retention of the employee who is a party to the agreement. In addition, we have
only limited ability to prevent former employees from competing with us. 

Furthermore,
our future success will also depend in part on the continued service of our key scientific and management personnel and our ability to
identify, hire, and retain additional personnel. We experience intense competition for qualified personnel and may be unable to attract
and retain the personnel necessary for the development of our business. Moreover, competition for personnel with the scientific and technical
skills that we seek is extremely high and is likely to remain high. Because of this competition, our compensation costs may increase significantly. 

If we
are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business may be harmed. 

Over
time we will need to hire additional qualified personnel with expertise in drug development, product registration, clinical, preclinical
and nonclinical research, quality compliance, government regulation, formulation and manufacturing, financial matters and sales and marketing.
We compete for qualified individuals with numerous biopharmaceutical companies, universities and other research institutions. Competition
for such individuals is intense, and we cannot be certain that our search for such personnel will be successful. Attracting and retaining
qualified personnel will be critical to our success. 

We
rely on third parties to manufacture the compounds used in our studies, and we intend to rely on them for the manufacture of any approved
products for commercial sale. If these third parties do not manufacture our product candidates in sufficient quantities and at an acceptable
cost, clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed, prevented or impaired. 

We
have no experience in the clinical or commercial-scale manufacture of drugs or in designing drug manufacturing processes. We intend to
rely on CMOs to manufacture some or all of our product candidates in clinical studies and our products that reach commercialization. Completion
of our clinical studies and commercialization of our product candidates requires the manufacture of a sufficient supply of our product
candidates. We have contracted with outside sources to manufacture our development compounds. If, for any reason, we become unable to
rely on our current sources for the manufacture of our product candidates, either for clinical studies or, at some future date, for commercial
quantities, then we would need to identify and contract with additional or replacement third-party manufacturers to manufacture compounds
for nonclinical, preclinical, clinical, and commercial purposes. Although we are in discussions with other manufacturers we have identified
as potential alternative CMOs of TNX-102 SL, we may not be successful in negotiating acceptable terms with any of them. 

We
believe that there are a variety of manufacturers that we may be able to retain to produce these products. However, once we retain a manufacturing
source, if our manufacturers do not perform in a satisfactory manner, we may not be able to develop or commercialize potential products
as planned. Certain specialized manufacturers are expected to provide us with modified and unmodified pharmaceutical compounds, including
finished products, for use in our preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical studies. Some of these materials are available from
only one supplier or vendor. Any interruption in or termination of service by such sole source suppliers could result in a delay or interruption
in manufacturing until we locate an alternative source of supply. Any delay or interruption in manufacturing operations (or failure to
locate a suitable replacement for such suppliers) could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, or results of operations.
We do not have any short-term or long-term manufacturing agreements with many of these manufacturers. If we fail to contract for manufacturing
on acceptable terms or if third-party manufacturers do not perform as we expect, our development programs could be materially adversely
affected. This may result in delays in filing for and receiving FDA approval for one or more of our products. Any such delays could cause
our prospects to suffer significantly. 

Failure
by our third-party manufacturers to comply with the regulatory guidelines set forth by the FDA with respect to our product candidates
could delay or prevent the completion of clinical studies, the approval of any product candidates or the commercialization of our products. 

Such
third-party manufacturers must be inspected by FDA for cGMP compliance before they can produce commercial product. We may be in competition
with other companies for access to these manufacturers facilities and may be subject to delays in manufacture if the manufacturers
give other clients higher priority than they give to us. If we are unable to secure and maintain third-party manufacturing capacity, the
development and sales of our products and our financial performance may be materially affected. 

48 

Manufacturers
are obligated to operate in accordance with FDA-mandated requirements. A failure of any of our third-party manufacturers to establish
and follow cGMP requirements and to document their adherence to such practices may lead to significant delays in the availability of material
for clinical studies, may delay or prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our products, and may cause delays or interruptions
in the availability of our products for commercial distribution following FDA approval. This could result in higher costs to us or deprive
us of potential product revenues. 

Drug
manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, and corresponding
state and foreign agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP requirements and other requirements under Federal drug laws, other government
regulations and corresponding foreign standards. If we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulations, sanctions
could be imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure by the government to grant marketing approval of drugs,
delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of product, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions. 

Adverse
global conditions, including economic uncertainty, may negatively impact our financial results. 

Global
conditions, dislocations in the financial markets, or inflation could adversely impact our business. In addition, the global macroeconomic
environment has been and may continue to be negatively affected by, among other things, instability in global economic markets, increased
U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, instability
in the geopolitical environment as a result of the Russian invasion of the Ukraine, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European
Union, and other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns. Such challenges have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty
and instability in local economies and in global financial markets, which may adversely affect our business. 

Our
internal computer systems, or those of our CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could
result in a material disruption of our product development programs. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants are
vulnerable to damage or disruption from computer viruses, software bugs, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication,
equipment and electrical failures. 

While
we have not, to our knowledge, experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were
to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our programs. For example, the loss of
clinical trial data from completed or ongoing clinical trials for any of our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory
approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Moreover, our information security systems and
those of our CROs are also subject to laws and regulations requiring that we take measures to protect the privacy and security of certain
information gathered and used in our business. For example, HIPAA and its implementing regulations impose, among other requirements, certain
regulatory and contractual requirements regarding the privacy and security of personal health information. In the European Union the General
Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, is even more restrictive with respect to all personal information, including information masked by
a coding system. In addition to HIPAA and GDPR, numerous other federal and state laws, including, without limitation, state security breach
notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure
and storage of personal information. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage to our data or
applications, or inappropriate disclosure or theft of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, the further development
of our product candidates could be delayed, our competitive position could be compromised, or our business reputation could be harmed. 

Corporate
and academic collaborators may take actions to delay, prevent, or undermine the success of our products. 

Our
operating and financial strategy for the development, clinical testing, manufacture, and commercialization of drug candidates is heavily
dependent on our entering into collaborations with corporations, academic institutions, licensors, licensees, and other parties. Our current
strategy assumes that we will successfully establish these collaborations, or similar relationships; however, there can be no assurance
that we will be successful establishing such collaborations. Some of our existing collaborations are, and future collaborations may be,
terminable at the sole discretion of the collaborator. Replacement collaborators might not be available on attractive terms, or at all.
The activities of any collaborator will not be within our control and may not be within our power to influence. There can be no assurance
that any collaborator will perform its obligations to our satisfaction or at all, that we will derive any revenue or profits from such
collaborations, or that any collaborator will not compete with us. If any collaboration is not pursued, we may require substantially greater
capital to undertake development and marketing of our proposed products and may not be able to develop and market such products effectively,
if at all. In addition, a lack of development and marketing collaborations may lead to significant delays in introducing proposed products
into certain markets and/or reduced sales of proposed products in such markets. 

Data
provided by collaborators and others upon which we rely that has not been independently verified could turn out to be false, misleading,
or incomplete. 

We
rely on third-party vendors, scientists, and collaborators to provide us with significant data and other information related to our projects,
clinical studies, and our business. If such third parties provide inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete data, our business, prospects,
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
product candidates may face competition sooner than expected. 

We
intend to seek data exclusivity or market exclusivity for our product candidates provided under the FDCA and similar laws in other countries.
We believe that TNX-801 could qualify for 12 years of data exclusivity under the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009,
or BPCIA, which was enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar
product or BLA cannot be submitted to the FDA until four years, or if approved by the FDA, until 12 years, after the original brand product
identified as the reference product is approved under a BLA. The BPCIA provides an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar
and interchangeable biological products. The new abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and
approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity
to an existing brand product. The new law is complex and is only beginning to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. While it is uncertain
when any such processes may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial
prospects for any of our product candidates that are biologics. There is also a risk that BPCIA could be repealed or amended to shorten
this exclusivity period, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated after the expiration
of our patent protection. Although there is no current discussion of repeal or modification of the BPCIA, the future remains uncertain.
Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any reference product in a way that is similar to traditional
generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that
are still developing. 

49 

Our
product candidates that are not, or are not considered, biologics that would qualify for exclusivity under the BPCIA may be eligible for
market exclusivity as drugs under the FDCA. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the U.S. to
the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for an NCE. A drug is an NCE if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug
containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity
period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA, submitted by another company
for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval.
However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The
FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations,
other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval
of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages, or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only
the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing
the original active agent. 

Even
if, as we expect, our product candidates are considered to be reference products eligible for 12 years of exclusivity under the BPCIA
or five years of exclusivity under the FDCA, another company could market competing products if the FDA approves a full BLA or full NDA
for such product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate
the safety, purity and potency of the products. Moreover, an amendment or repeal of the BPCIA could result in a shorter exclusivity period
for our product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If
we fail to establish marketing, sales and distribution capabilities, or fail to enter into arrangements with third parties, we will not
be able to create a market for our product candidates. 

Our
strategy with our product candidates is to control, directly or through contracted third parties, all or most aspects of the product development
process, including marketing, sales and distribution. 

Currently,
we do not have any sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. In order to generate sales of any product candidates that receive regulatory
approval, we must either acquire or develop an internal marketing and sales force with technical expertise and with supporting distribution
capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services for us. The acquisition or development of a sales and distribution
infrastructure would require substantial resources, which may divert the attention of our management and key personnel and defer our product
development efforts. 

To
the extent that we enter into marketing and sales arrangements with other companies, our revenues will depend on the efforts of others.
These efforts may not be successful. If we fail to develop sales, marketing and distribution channels, or enter into arrangements with
third parties, we will experience delays in product sales and incur increased costs. 

Sales
of pharmaceutical products largely depend on the reimbursement of patients medical expenses by government health care programs
and private health insurers. Without the financial support of the government or third-party payors, the market for our products will be
limited. These third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the cost effectiveness of medical products and
services. Recent proposals to change the health care system in the United States have included measures that would limit or eliminate
payments for medical products and services or subject the pricing of medical treatment products to government control. Significant uncertainty
exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health care products. Third-party payors may not reimburse sales of our products
or enable our collaborators to sell them at profitable prices. 

Our
business strategy might involve out-licensing product candidates to or collaborating with larger firms with experience in marketing and
selling pharmaceutical products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully establish marketing, sales, or distribution
relationships; that such relationships, if established, will be successful; or that we will be successful in gaining market acceptance
for our products. To the extent that we enter into any marketing, sales, or distribution arrangements with third parties, our product
revenues will be lower than if we marketed and sold our products directly, and any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of
such third-parties. If we are unable to establish such third-party sales and marketing relationships, or choose not to do so, we will
have to establish and rely on our own in-house capabilities. 

We,
as a company, have no experience in marketing or selling pharmaceutical products and currently have no sales, marketing, or distribution
infrastructure. To market any of our products directly, we would need to develop a marketing, sales, and distribution force that both
has technical expertise and the ability to support a distribution capability. The establishment of a marketing, sales, and distribution
capability would significantly increase our costs, possibly requiring substantial additional capital. In addition, there is intense competition
for proficient sales and marketing personnel, and we may not be able to attract individuals who have the qualifications necessary to market,
sell, and distribute our products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish internal marketing, sales, or distribution
capabilities. If we are unable to, or choose not to establish these capabilities, or if the capabilities we establish are not sufficient
to meet our needs, we will be required to establish collaborative marketing, sales, or distribution relationships with third parties. 

Our
relationships with customers, physicians, and third-party payors will be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare
fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we
are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Healthcare
providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription
of any drug candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, principal
investigators, consultants, customers and third-party payors may subject us to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws and other
health care laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal civil and criminal false claims laws and
the law commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations. These laws will impact, among other things, our clinical
research, proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy laws by both the federal
government and the states in which we conduct or may conduct our business. The laws that will affect our operations include, but are not
limited to: 

the federal
 Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering
 or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind,
 in return for the purchase, recommendation, leasing or furnishing of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program,
 such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

50 

federal civil
 and criminal false claims laws, including, without limitation, the False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws which prohibit, among
 other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare,
 Medicaid or other government payors that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation
 to pay money to the federal government; 

the federal
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit a person
 from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or making false or fraudulent statements to defraud any healthcare benefit program, regardless
 of the payor (e.g., public or private); 

HIPAA, as amended
 by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, and as amended
 again by the final HIPAA omnibus rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement, and Breach Notification Rules Under
 HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; Other Modifications to HIPAA, published in January 2013, which imposes certain
 requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization
 by entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, health care clearinghouses and health care providers, and their respective business
 associates; 

federal transparency
 laws, including the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which is part of PPACA, that require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices,
 biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program,
 with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to:
 (i) payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals; and (ii) ownership
 and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

state and foreign
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, state laws that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and
 other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, and state laws that require pharmaceutical
 companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated
 by the federal government or to adopt compliance programs as prescribed by state laws and regulations, or that otherwise restrict payments
 that may be made to healthcare providers; and 

state and foreign
 laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant
 ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. 

It
is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations
or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and
administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs from government funded healthcare programs, such
as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar
agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 

The
risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory
authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements
with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action against us for
violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our
management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain
robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases
the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 

Coverage
and adequate reimbursement may not be available for our current or any future drug candidates, which could make it difficult for us to
sell profitably, if approved. 

Market
acceptance and sales of any drug candidates that we commercialize, if approved, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement
for these drugs and related treatments will be available from third-party payors, including government health administration authorities,
managed care organizations and other private health insurers. Third-party payors decide which therapies they will pay for and establish
reimbursement levels. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own coverage
and reimbursement policies. However, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any drug
candidates that we develop will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. One payor s determination to provide coverage for a
drug does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage, and adequate reimbursement, for the drug. Additionally, a third-party
payor s decision to provide coverage for a therapy does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Each payor
determines whether or not it will provide coverage for a therapy, what amount it will pay the manufacturer for the therapy, and on what
tier of its formulary it will be placed. The position on a payor s list of covered drugs, or formulary, generally determines the co-payment that
a patient will need to make to obtain the therapy and can strongly influence the adoption of such therapy by patients and physicians.
Patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers prescribing such services generally rely on third-party payors
to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are unlikely to use our drugs unless coverage is provided and reimbursement
is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our drugs. 

A
primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Third-party payors have attempted to control costs by
limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be
available for any drug that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Inadequate coverage
and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any drug for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and adequate
reimbursement are not available, or are available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our current
and any future drug candidates that we develop. 

51 

Healthcare
legislative or regulatory reform measures, including government restrictions on pricing and reimbursement, may have a negative impact
on our business and results of operations. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and
proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate
post-approval activities, and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 

Among policy makers and payors
in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of
containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular
focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. For example, in the United States, the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government
and private insurers , and significantly
affects the pharmaceutical industry. Many provisions of the ACA impact the biopharmaceutical industry, including that in order for a biopharmaceutical
product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicare Part B and Medicaid programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies,
the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the drug pricing program under the Public Health Services
Act, or PHS. 

Additionally, the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022, which took in 2023, includes policies that are designed to have a direct impact on drug prices and reduce drug spending by
the federal government. This legislation contains substantial drug pricing reforms, including the establishment of a drug price negotiation
program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that would require manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum
fair price for certain selected drugs covered by Medicare or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment
requirements on manufacturers of certain drugs payable under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation,
and requires manufacturers to provide discounts on Part D drugs. 

Legislative, administrative, and
private payor efforts to control drug costs span a range of proposals, including drug price negotiation, Medicare Part D redesign, drug
price inflation rebates, international mechanisms, generic drug promotion and anticompetitive behavior, manufacturer reporting, and reforms
that could impact therapies utilizing the accelerated approval pathway. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any
changes to the ACA, the Inflation Reduction Act, or other federal and state healthcare policy reform efforts including those aimed at
drug pricing. There is no assurance that federal or state health care reform will not adversely affect our future business and financial
results, and we cannot predict how future federal or state legislative, judicial or administrative changes relating to healthcare policy
will affect our business. 

At
the federal level, the now-departed Trump administration proposed numerous prescription drug cost control measures. Similarly, the
new Biden administration has made lowering prescription drug prices one of its priorities. The Biden administration has not yet
proposed any specific plans, but we expect that these will be forthcoming in the near term. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly
passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or
patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures,
and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Other examples of proposed changes include,
but are not limited to, expanding post-approval requirements, changing the Orphan Drug Act, and restricting sales and promotional activities
for pharmaceutical products. 

We
cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether government regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what the impact of such changes would be on the marketing approvals, sales, pricing, or reimbursement of our drug
candidates or products, if any, may be. We expect that these and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may
result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved drug. Any
reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors.
The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain
profitability, or commercialize our drugs. 

In
addition, FDA regulations and guidance may be revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and
our products. Any new regulations or guidance, or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations or guidance, may impose additional
costs or lengthen FDA review times for our product candidates. We cannot determine how changes in regulations, statutes, policies, or
interpretations when and if issued, enacted or adopted, may affect our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things,
require: 

additional clinical trials to be conducted prior to obtaining
 approval; 

changes to manufacturing methods; 

recalls, replacements, or discontinuance of one or more of our
 products; and 

additional recordkeeping. 

Such
changes would likely require substantial time and impose significant costs, or could reduce the potential commercial value of our product
candidates. In addition, delays in receipt of or failure to receive regulatory clearances or approvals for any other products would harm
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
we obtain approval to commercialize any approved products outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international
operations could materially adversely affect our business. 

If
TNX-102 SL or any of our other product candidates are approved for commercialization outside of the United States, we intend to enter
into agreements with third parties to market them on a worldwide basis or in more limited geographical regions. We expect that we will
be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 

different regulatory requirements
 for drug approvals; 

reduced protection for intellectual
 property rights, including trade secret and patent rights; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade
 barriers and regulatory requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation,
 or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment,
 immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign taxes, including withholding
 of payroll taxes; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which
 could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

workforce uncertainty in countries
 where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 

production shortages resulting from
 any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; 

52 

business interruptions resulting
 from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and fires; and 

difficulty in importing and exporting
 clinical study materials and study samples. 

We
face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance. 

Our
business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the development of drugs. If the use of one or more of
our or our collaborators drugs harms people, we may be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims brought against
us by clinical study participants, consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products. Our inability
to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent
or inhibit the commercialization of pharmaceutical products we develop, alone or with collaborators. While we currently carry clinical
study insurance and product liability insurance, we cannot predict all of the possible harms or side effects that may result and, therefore,
the amount of insurance coverage we hold now or in the future may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we might incur. We intend to
expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for our drug candidates in development,
but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. If we are
unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to
significant liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. If we are sued for any injury
allegedly caused by our or our collaborators products, our liability could exceed our total assets and our ability to pay the liability.
A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We
use hazardous chemicals in our business. Potential claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these chemicals could
affect us and be time-consuming and costly. 

Our
research and development processes and/or those of our third party contractors may involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and
chemicals. These hazardous chemicals are reagents and solvents typically found in a chemistry laboratory. Our operations also produce
hazardous waste products. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of
hazardous materials. While we attempt to comply with all environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the outsourcing
of the disposal of all hazardous chemicals and waste products, we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination from or discharge of hazardous
materials and any resultant injury. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages and any liability
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Compliance
with environmental laws and regulations may be expensive. Current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development
or production efforts. We might have to pay civil damages in the event of an improper or unauthorized release of, or exposure of individuals
to, hazardous materials. We are not insured against these environmental risks. 

If
we enter into collaborations with third parties, they might also work with hazardous materials in connection with our collaborations.
We may agree to indemnify our collaborators in some circumstances against damages and other liabilities arising out of development activities
or products produced in connection with these collaborations. 

In
addition, the federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous
or radioactive materials and waste products may require us to incur substantial compliance costs that could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

We
carry insurance for most categories of risk that our business may encounter, however, we may not have adequate levels of coverage. We
currently maintain general liability, clinical study, property, workers compensation, products liability and directors and
officers insurance, along with an umbrella policy, which collectively costs approximately 2,000,000 per annum. We cannot provide
any assurances that we will be able to maintain existing insurance at current or adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured
liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our cash position and results of operations. 

If
we retain collaborative partners and our partners do not satisfy their obligations, we will be unable to develop our partnered product
candidates. 

In
the event we enter into any collaborative agreements, we may not have day-to-day control over the activities of our collaborative partners
with respect to any of these product candidates. Any collaborative partner may not fulfill its obligations under these agreements. If
a collaborative partner fails to fulfill its obligations under an agreement with us, we may be unable to assume the development of the
products covered by that agreement or enter into alternative arrangements with a third party. In addition, we may encounter delays in
the commercialization of the product candidate that is the subject of the agreement. Accordingly, our ability to receive any revenue from
the product candidates covered by these agreements will be dependent on the efforts of our collaborative partner. We could also become
involved in disputes with a collaborative partner, which could lead to delays in or termination of our development and commercialization
programs and time-consuming and expensive litigation or arbitration. In addition, any such dispute could diminish our collaborators 
commitment to us and reduce the resources they devote to developing and commercializing our products. Conflicts or disputes with our collaborators,
and competition from them, could harm our relationships with our other collaborators, restrict our ability to enter future collaboration
agreements and delay the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates. If any collaborative partner terminates
or breaches its agreement, or otherwise fails to complete its obligations in a timely manner, our chances of successfully developing or
commercializing these product candidates would be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to enter into collaborative agreements
with partners on terms favorable to us, or at all. Our inability to enter into collaborative arrangements with collaborative partners,
or our failure to maintain such arrangements, would limit the number of product candidates that we could develop and ultimately, decrease
our sources of any future revenues. 

We
may be unsuccessful in obtaining a priority review voucher for material threat medical countermeasures. 

In 2016, the 21 st Century Cures Act, or the Act, was signed
into law to support ongoing biomedical innovation. One part of the Act, Section 3086, is aimed at Encouraging Treatments for Agents
that Present a National Security Threat. The Act created a new priority review voucher program for approved material threat
medical countermeasures. The Act defines such countermeasures as drug or biologic products, including vaccines, intended to treat
biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear agents that present a national security threat or to treat harm from a condition that may
be caused by administering a drug or biological product against such an agent. The Department of Homeland Security has identified 13 such
threats, including anthrax, smallpox, Ebola/Marburg, tularemia, botulinum toxin, and pandemic influenza, which includes the SARS coronavirus
2 known as SARS-CoV-2. A priority review voucher can be applied to any other product; it shortens the FDA review timeline for a new application
from 10 to 12 months to 6 months. The recipient of a priority review voucher may transfer it. 

53 

There
may not be market interest in TNX-801. 

The
government is the only market for most medical countermeasures. This is because unlike other drugs and vaccines, these products are not
sold to doctors, hospitals, or pharmacies. The BioShield Special Reserve Fund, or SRF, has been the sole medical countermeasures market
for the last decade. The SRF is now appropriated annually and has not kept pace with the need for purchasing products ready for stockpiling.
During 2020, 735 million was appropriated to SRF. As such, even if TNX-801 were to receive FDA licensure, the commercial success of TNX-801
remains uncertain. 

Government
entities may take actions that directly or indirectly have the effect of limiting opportunities for our vaccine candidates for COVID-19. 

Various
government entities, including the U.S. government, are offering incentives, grants and contracts to encourage additional investment by
commercial organizations into preventative and therapeutic agents against COVID-19, which may have the effect of increasing the number
of competitors and/or providing advantages to competitors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully
establish a competitive market share if we ultimately receive regulatory approval for our vaccines as a vaccine for COVID-19. COVID-19
vaccines may also be subject to government pricing controls, which could adversely affect the profitability of any COVID-19 vaccine we
are able to develop and commercialize. 

If
technology developed for the purposes of developing new medicines or vaccines can be applied to the creation or development of biological
weapons, then our technology may be considered dual use technology and be subject to limitations on public disclosure or
export. 

Our
research and development of synthetic poxviruses is dedicated not only to creating tools that better protect public health but also to
safeguarding any information with broad, dual-use potential that could be inappropriately applied. Dual use research is
research conducted for legitimate purposes that generates knowledge, information, technologies, and/or products that can be reasonably
anticipated to provide knowledge, information, products, or technologies that could be directly misapplied to pose a significant threat
to public health, agricultural crops, or national security. Because variola, the agent that causes smallpox, is a pox virus, the technology
we created could be considered dual use and could be subject to export control, for example under the Wassenaar Arrangement. Further,
if federal authorities determine that our research is subject to institutional oversight, we will need to implement a risk-management
plan developed in collaboration with the institutional review entity. Failure to comply with the plan may result in suspension, limitation,
or termination of federal funding or loss of future federal funding opportunities for any of our research. 

We
face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of
our product candidates. 

We
face a number of risks in connection with our current collaborations. Our collaboration agreements are subject to termination under various
circumstances. Our collaborators may change the focus of their development and commercialization efforts or may have insufficient resources
to effectively assist in the development of our products. Any future collaboration agreements may have the effect of limiting the areas
of research and development that we may pursue, either alone or in collaboration with third parties. Further, disagreements with collaborators,
including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation, or the preferred course of development, might cause delays,
might result in litigation or arbitration, or might result in termination of the research, development or commercialization of our products.
Any such disagreements would divert management attention and resources and be time-consuming and costly. 

We
face risks in connection with the testing, production and storage of our vaccine product candidates. 

Developing
our TNX-1850 and TNX-801 vaccine candidates each require testing of challenges with monkeypox or SARS-CoV-2 viruses under controlled experimental
conditions. The testing of TNX-1850 and TNX-801 may carry risk of infection and harm to individuals. 

In
addition, our TNX-1850 and TNX-801 vaccine candidates are both live forms of the horsepox. We have initiated vaccine-manufacturing activities
to support further nonclinical testing of TNX-801. The production and storage of the synthesized horsepox virus stock and, once initiated,
TNX-1850 virus stock, may carry risk of infection and harm to individuals. Any such infection could expose us to product and general liability
claims, and may carry risk of infection and harm to individuals. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR STOCK 

Sales
of additional shares of our common stock could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the availability of such shares for sale, by us or others, including
the issuance of common stock upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants, could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
We and our directors and officers may sell shares into the market, which could adversely affect the market price of shares of our common
stock. 

54 

An
active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 

Although
our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity.
Furthermore, the current level of trading may not be sustained in the future. The lack of an active market for our common stock may impair
investors ability to sell their shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable, may reduce
the fair market value of their shares and may impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and
may impair our ability to acquire additional intellectual property assets by using our shares as consideration. 

The
market price of our common stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our
control. 

The
market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, widely, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond
our control. These factors include, without limitation: 

short squeezes 

comments by securities analysts or other third parties, including
 blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media; 

large stockholders exiting their position in our common stock
 or an increase or decrease in the short interest in our common stock; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating
 results; 

risks and uncertainties associated with the ongoing COVID-19
 pandemic; 

the timing and allocations of new product candidates; 

public perception of our product candidates and competitive
 products; 

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities
 analysts; 

changes in the reimbursement policies of third party insurance
 companies or government agencies; and 

overall general market fluctuations. 

Stock
markets in general and our stock price in particular have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies and our company. Broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the
trading price of our common stock. In particular, a proportion of our common stock has been and may continue to be traded by short sellers
which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our common stock, further influencing volatility in its market price. Additionally,
these and other external factors have caused and may continue to cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate,
which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity
of our common stock. 

A
 short squeeze due to a sudden increase in demand for shares of our common stock that largely could lead to extreme price
volatility in shares of our common stock. 

Investors
may purchase shares of our common stock to hedge existing exposure or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation on the
price of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares of
our common stock available for purchase on the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase shares
of our common stock for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of our
common stock until additional shares of our common stock are available for trading or borrowing. This is often referred to as a short
squeeze. A proportion of our common stock has been and may continue to be traded by short sellers which may increase the likelihood
that our common stock will be the target of a short squeeze. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in shares of our common
stock that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance or prospectus and, once investors purchase the shares of our
common stock necessary to cover their short positions, the price of our common stock may rapidly decline. Investors that purchase shares
of our common stock during a short squeeze may lose a significant portion of their investment. 

We
could be delisted from Nasdaq, which could seriously harm the liquidity of our stock and our ability to raise capital. 

We
have had in the past, and may in the future, have difficulty satisfying Nasdaq listing requirements for our common stock. If we are unable
to satisfy Nasdaq listing requirements, we will cease to be eligible to trade on Nasdaq. In such event: 

We may have to pursue trading on
 a less recognized or accepted market, such as the OTC Bulletin Board or the pink sheets. 

Shares of our common stock could
 be less liquid and marketable, thereby reducing the ability of stockholders to purchase or sell our shares as quickly and as inexpensively
 as they have done historically. If our stock is traded as a penny stock, transactions in our stock would be more difficult
 and cumbersome. 

We may be unable to access capital
 on favorable terms or at all, as companies trading on alternative markets may be viewed as less attractive investments with higher associated
 risks, such that existing or prospective institutional investors may be less interested in, or prohibited from, investing in our common
 stock. This may also cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock and, accordingly, shareholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on
their investment. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The declaration of
dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on various factors, including our operating results,
financial condition, future prospects and any other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. You should not rely on an investment
in our company if you require dividend income from your investment in our company. The success of your investment will likely depend entirely
upon any future appreciation of the market price of our common stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable. There is no guarantee that
our common stock will appreciate in value. 

We
expect that our quarterly results of operations will fluctuate, and this fluctuation could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline. The nature
of our business involves variable factors, such as the timing of the research, development and regulatory pathways of our product candidates,
which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. 

55 

Due
to the possibility of fluctuations in our revenues and expenses, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results
are not a good indication of our future performance. 

The
rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our
articles of incorporation give our board of directors the right to create new series of preferred stock. As a result, the board of directors
may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which could adversely
affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more
than one vote per share, could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control. The possible impact
on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of
preferred stock or to create a series of preferred stock, we may issue such shares in the future. 

If
we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to accounting controls and procedures, or if we discover
material weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and
raising capital could be more difficult. 

If
we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we discover
material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly
and raising capital could be more difficult. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise
fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis
that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover,
effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial
fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors
could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding
our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. Our research coverage by industry and financial analysts is currently limited. Even if our analyst coverage increases,
if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in
turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Other
companies may have difficulty acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, due to provisions under our corporate charter
and bylaws, as well as Nevada law. 

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation, our bylaws, and under Nevada law could make it more difficult for other companies to acquire us, even
if doing so would benefit our stockholders. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain the following provisions, among others, which
may inhibit an acquisition of our company by a third party: 

advance notification procedures
 for matters to be brought before stockholder meetings 

a limitation on who may call stockholder
 meetings 

a limitation on the removal of directors 

the ability of our board of directors
 to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock without a stockholder vote 

We
are also subject to provisions of Nevada law that prohibit us from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder, 
meaning generally that a stockholder who beneficially owns 10 percent or more of our stock cannot acquire us for a period of time after
the date this person became an interested stockholder, unless various conditions are met, such as approval of the transaction by our board
of directors and stockholders. 

Our
bylaws designate the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions
and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Our
bylaws require that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada, will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive
forum for each of the following: 

any
 derivative action or proceeding brought in the name or right of the Company or on its behalf, 

any
 action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to the Company
 or the Company s stockholders, 

any
 action arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of NRS Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of our articles of incorporation
 or bylaws, or 

any
 action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply, enforce
 or determine the validity of our articles of incorporation or bylaws. 

Because
the applicability of the exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by law, we believe that the exclusive forum provision
would not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange
Act), or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, and that federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). We note that
there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Nevada law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against
our directors and officers. 

56 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

There
are no unresolved staff comments at December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

We
maintain our principal office at 26 Main Street, Suite 101, Chatham, New Jersey 07928. Our telephone number at that office is (862) 799-8599
and our fax number is (212) 923-5700. On August 28, 2020, we entered into a lease, whereby we agreed to lease new office space, commencing
September 2020 and expiring December 2025. In connection therewith, we maintain a letter of credit, which has a remaining balance of 140,201
as of December 31, 2022, and such amount is deposited into the restricted cash account maintained at the bank that issued the letter of
credit. 

On
December 6, 2018, we entered into a lease amendment, whereby we agreed to lease new office space in New York, New York, commencing January
15, 2019, and expiring on November 30, 2020. In August 2020, we signed a one-year extension, expiring in November 2021. In September 2021,
we signed a one-year extension, expiring in November 2022. In May 2022, we signed a one-year extension, expiring in November 2023. In
connection therewith, we maintain a letter of credit, which has a remaining balance of 100,653 as of December 31, 2022, and such amount
is deposited into the restricted cash account maintained at the bank that issued the letter of credit. 

On
October 1, 2021, we completed the purchase of a research and development facility in Maryland totaling 17.5 million, to process development
activities. As of December 31, 2022, the asset was operational and the asset was ready for its intended use. 

On
December 23, 2020, we completed the purchase of our approximately 44-acre site in Hamilton, Montana for 4.5 million, for the construction
of a vaccine development and commercial scale manufacturing facility. As of December 31, 2022, the facility was not ready for its intended
use. 

On
September 28, 2020, we completed the purchase of our 45,000 square foot facility in Massachusetts for 4.0 million, to house our new Advanced
Development Center for accelerated development and manufacturing of vaccines. As of December 31, 2022, the facility was operational and
ready for its intended use. 

Future
minimum lease payments are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ending December 31, 

2023 

441 

2024 

164 

2025 

159 

2026 

9 

2027 

2 

775 

Included interest 

(15) 

760 

We
believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

57 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol TNXP . 

 Holders 

On
March 10, 2023, the closing sale price of our common stock, as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market, was 0.62 per share. On March 10, 2023, there were 231 holders of record of our common stock.
Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate
the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements of our business. Any future
determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the Board deems relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our registered securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

ITEM
6 RESERVED 

58 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes a number of forward-looking statements
that reflect Management s current views with respect to future events and financial performance. You can identify these statements
by forward-looking words such as may will, expect, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate and continue, or similar words. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief
or current expectations of us and members of its management team as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based and should
be read together with the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained
in the following discussion and analysis. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in other reports we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly those under Risk Factors. . 

Business
Overview 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing
therapeutics and vaccines to treat and prevent human disease and alleviate suffering. We have a rich pipeline of products in development
that has been curated from internal discovery, as well as licenses, acquisitions and collaborations with academic institutions and contract
research organizations. We continue to build capabilities in synthetic biology, precision medicine, protein engineering, medicinal chemistry,
molecular biology, pharmacogenomics and clinical-scale manufacturing. Our therapeutics under development include both small molecules
and biologics. 

Our portfolio consists of central nervous system, or CNS, rare disease,
immunology, and infectious disease product candidates. The CNS portfolio includes small molecules and biologics to treat pain, neurologic,
psychiatric and addiction conditions. Our rare disease portfolio focuses on developing novel therapies for patients with rare diseases,
including those caused by genetic disorders which are characterized by complex symptoms and for which no drug is approved. Our immunology
portfolio includes biologics to address organ transplant rejection, autoimmune diseases and cancer. Our infectious disease portfolio includes
a vaccine in development to prevent smallpox and mpox (formerly known as monkeypox), next-generation vaccines to prevent COVID-19, a platform
to make fully human mAbs to treat COVID-19 and humanized anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs. Our vaccine in development to prevent smallpox and mpox
also serves as the live virus vaccine platform or recombinant pox vaccine (RPV) platform for other infectious diseases. 

Our latest stage CNS product
candidate is TNX-102 SL , a proprietary sublingual tablet formulation of cyclobenzaprine (CBP) designed for bedtime administration. TNX-102
SL has active INDs for fibromyalgia, or FM, FM-type Long COVID or PASC (post-acute sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 infection), posttraumatic stress
disorder, or PTSD, agitation in Alzheimer s disease, or AAD, and alcohol use disorder, or AUD. 

TNX-102 SL is in mid-Phase 3 development for the management of FM, a pain
disorder characterized by chronic widespread pain, non-restorative sleep, fatigue and impaired cognition. In December 2020, we reported
positive results from the Phase 3 RELIEF study of TNX-102 SL 5.6 mg for the management of FM. In July 2021, we reported pre-planned interim
analysis results from a second Phase 3 study, RALLY. Based on the recommendation from the independent data monitoring committee that the
RALLY trial was unlikely to demonstrate a statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint, we stopped enrollment of new
participants but allowed those participants who were already enrolled to complete the study. We reported topline data from the completed
study in March of 2022. As expected, based on interim analysis results, TNX-102 SL did not achieve statistical significance over placebo
on the primary endpoint of reduction in daily pain, and relative to the previous positive Phase 3 Study (RELIEF), RALLY had an unexpected
increase in study participant adverse event-related discontinuations in both drug and placebo groups. In April 2022, we started a new
potentially confirmatory Phase 3 study of TNX-102 SL in FM, RESILIENT. Interim analysis results are expected in the second quarter of
2023 and topline results are expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. Following a positive outcome of the RESILIENT study, we believe we
would be positioned to file a New Drug Application (NDA) for TNX-102 SL for the management of FM. 

TNX-102 SL is also
being developed as a potential treatment for a type of Long COVID, the symptoms of which overlap with FM, that we term FM-type
Long COVID. We initiated enrollment in the Phase 2 study PREVAIL, in August 2022. The primary endpoint is a change in daily pain
scores from baseline. 

For TNX-102 SL in PTSD,
we completed the Phase 3 RECOVERY trial and reported topline results in the fourth quarter of 2020 in which TNX-102 SL did not
meet the primary efficacy endpoint. PTSD is a serious psychiatric condition that develops in response to experiencing a traumatic
event. We subsequently completed a meeting with the FDA to discuss potential new endpoints for the indication of treatment of PTSD.
Future studies will employ the one month look-back CAPS-5 as the primary endpoint rather than the one week look-back used in prior
studies. 

The
AAD program is Phase 2 ready with an active IND and FDA Fast Track designation. AAD, which includes emotional lability, restlessness,
irritability, and aggression, is one of the most distressing and debilitating of the behavioral complications of Alzheimer s disease.
We do not have any near-term plans to start a Phase 2 study in AAD. 

The
AUD program is also Phase 2 ready with an active IND. AUD is a chronic relapsing brain disease characterized by compulsive alcohol use,
loss of control over alcohol intake, and a negative emotional state when not using alcohol. We do not have any near-term plans to start
a Phase 2 study in AUD. 

TNX-1900 (intranasal
potentiated oxytocin) is in development for the treatment of chronic migraine and obesity-associated binge eating disorder, or BED.
TNX-1900 was acquired from Trigemina, Inc. and licensed from Stanford University in 2020. The potentiated formulation includes
magnesium, which has been shown in animal studies to potentiate binding of oxytocin to the oxytocin receptor. We received IND
clearance from the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2021 to study TNX-1900 in chronic migraine and we initiated a Phase 2 study in
migraine in the first quarter of 2023. We expect interim analysis results from the first 50 percent of patients enrolled in the
fourth quarter of 2023. In March 2022, we announced an agreement with Massachusetts General Hospital, a teaching hospital of Harvard
Medical School, to conduct an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial to study TNX-1900 in BED. The Phase 2 clinical trial is
expected to start in the second quarter of 2023. We do not own an IND for BED. We also licensed technology to use TNX-1900 for the
treatment of insulin resistance from the University of Geneva and also have rights to develop it as a treatment for craniofacial
pain, but we are not imminently pursuing clinical trials in either of these indications at this time. 

59 

TNX-601 ER (tianeptine hemioxalate extended-release tablets) is a CNS
product candidate in development as a treatment for major depressive disorder, or depression, and with possible additional indications
of PTSD, and neurocognitive dysfunction associated with corticosteroid use. TNX-601 ER represents a novel approach to treating depression
in the U.S., since the active ingredient tianeptine induces a neuroprotective and resilient phenotype in both neurons and microglia under
conditions of stress in animals. The dramatic and unique effects of tianeptine are illustrated in animal models by the restoration of
dendritic arborization of pyramidal neurons of CA3 region of hippocampus and the dentate gyrus region new neuron formation and integration
into hippocampal networks. In contrast, antidepressants that are marketed in the U.S. act by modulating the levels or receptor binding
of neurotransmitters in the synapse. We have completed a Phase 1 trial for formulation development outside of the U.S. We expect to initiate
a potentially pivotal Phase 2 study in the first quarter of 2023 for the treatment of major depressive disorder and we expect interim
analysis results from the first 50 percent of patients enrolled in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Another CNS candidate in development
is TNX-1300 (double-mutant cocaine esterase) which is in Phase 2 for the treatment of life-threatening cocaine intoxication. TNX-1300
has been granted Breakthrough Therapy designation, or BTD, by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. TNX-1300 was licensed from
Columbia University in 2019 after a Phase 2 study showed that it rapidly and efficiently disintegrates cocaine in the blood of volunteers
who received intravenous, or i.v., cocaine. In August of 2022, we received a Federal Grant from the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA)
to advance the development of TNX-1300 as a treatment for cocaine intoxication. We expect to initiate a potentially pivotal Phase 2 study
of TNX-1300 in emergency rooms in the second quarter of 2023. 

Finally,
our CNS pipeline includes TNX-1600 , an inhibitor of the reuptake of neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine, or a triple
reuptake inhibitor. TNX-1600 was licensed from Wayne State University in 2019 and is expected to be developed as a treatment for PTSD,
depression and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD. TNX-1600 is in the preclinical stage of development. 

Our rare disease portfolio
consists of TNX-2900 , another magnesium-potentiated, intranasal oxytocin-based therapeutic in development for the treatment of Prader-Willi
syndrome, or PWS. The technology for TNX-2900 was licensed from Inserm, the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research.
PWS, an orphan condition, is a rare genetic disorder of failure to thrive in infancy, associated with uncontrolled appetite beginning
in childhood with complications of obesity and diabetes. We have sponsored a research program at Inserm to study oxytocin on suckling
behavior in mice that have been engineered to express one of the Prader-Willi genes. TNX-2900 has been granted Orphan-Drug Designation
for the treatment of PWS, and is in the pre-IND stage of development. 

Our lead candidate
in the immunology pipeline is TNX-1500 , a humanized mAb, directed against CD40-ligand, or CD40L (also
known as CD154), engineered to modulate binding to Fc receptors, that is being developed as a prophylaxis against organ transplant
rejection as well as to treat autoimmune conditions. In experiments at the Massachusetts General Hospital or MGH, a teaching hospital
of Harvard Medical School, TNX-1500 is being studied as monotherapy or in combination with other immunosuppressive agents in heart
and kidney allogeneic organ transplants in non-human primates. Preliminary results from ongoing experiments in kidney and heart
transplants indicate that TNX-1500 appears to have comparable efficacy to historical experiments using the chimeric mouse/human
IgG1 version (5c8H1) of the anti-CD40L mAb 5c8. First generation anti-CD40L mAb therapies were associated with an increased risk
of blood clots or thrombosis. In the non-human primate studies with TNX-1500 for allogeneic kidney or heart transplantation, no
evidence of thrombosis has been observed so far. We expect to start a Phase 1 study of TNX-1500 in the second quarter of 2023.
TNX-1500 also is being studied in combination with other immunosuppressive agents in xenogeneic organ transplants in non-human
primates at MGH and at the University of Maryland at Baltimore or UMB. In experiments at UMB, TNX-1500 is being studied to prevent
rejection of xenogeneic hearts from genetically engineered pigs developed by the Revivicor division of United Therapeutics Corporation. 

Our immunology pipeline
also includes TNX-1700 , a recombinant Trefoil Factor Family 2, or rTFF2, fusion protein that was licensed from Columbia University
in 2019. TNX-1700 consists of TFF2 fused to human serum albumin or I and is a biologic being developed to treat gastric and colorectal
cancers by an immune-oncology mechanism, in combination with PD1 blockers, and is in the preclinical stage of development. We recently
presented data that show a murine version of TNX-1700 consisting of a fusion protein with murine serum albumin or MSA was able
to evoke anti-tumor immunity in the MC38 mouse model of colorectal cancer as monotherapy and that TNX-1700 augmented the efficacy
of anti-PD1 therapy in both the MC38 mouse model and the CT26.wt models of colorectal cancer. 

Our infectious disease
portfolio includes vaccines based on our live virus vaccine or recombinant pox vaccine, RPV platform. Live virus
vaccines are believed to protect against poor clinical outcomes of infectious diseases by eliciting T cell responses in addition
to antibody responses. TNX-801 , a live attenuated vaccine based on synthesized horsepox is in the pre-IND stage of development
to protect against smallpox and mpox. Non-human primates vaccinated with TNX-801 were protected from monkeypox in studies reported
in the first quarter of 2020. A Phase 1 study of TNX-801 in humans is expected to start in the second half of 2023. TNX-801
also serves as the live virus vaccine platform for other infectious diseases for which subsequent products will be designed by
expressing other viral antigens in the horsepox vector. 

TNX-1850 is a live
virus vaccine that expresses the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein from the BA.2 strain that has not yet been tested in animals. TNX-1800 
is a live virus vaccine that expresses the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein from the ancestral Wuhan strain, which has shown encouraging
results in non-human primates. Because the subsequent omicron variant out-competed the ancestral Wuhan strain, we began work on
new vaccine versions, TNX-1840 and TNX-1850 , that are designed to express spike protein from the omicron variant and from the
BA.2 variant, respectively. Of those, based on the trajectory of COVID-19, the focus is now on TNX-1850. The COVID-19 vaccines
that are approved for use, or have emergency use authorization, or EUA, in the U.S. have provided significant health benefits to
the vaccinated population; however, they have shown limitations in the durability of protection conferred and in their ability
to block forward transmission. Live virus vaccines that protect against other viral diseases by eliciting T cell responses have
shown durability of protection that lasts years to decades and some live virus vaccines have significantly inhibited forward transmission.
With respect to TNX-1800 vaccination, we reported positive efficacy data from animal challenge studies using live SARS-CoV-2 in
the first quarter of 2021. In this study, TNX-1800 vaccinated, SARS-CoV-2 challenged animals had undetectable SARS-CoV-2 in the
upper airways, which we believe relates to potential inhibition of forward transmission of this respiratory pathogen. 

TNX-2300 is a live
virus vaccine based on bovine parainfluenza virus in development to protect against COVID-19. In April 2022, we extended a sponsored
research agreement with Kansas State University to develop a vaccine candidate, TNX-2300, for the prevention of COVID-19 that utilizes
a novel live virus vaccine vector platform based on bovine parainfluenza virus. The efficacy of co-expression of the CD40-ligand,
also known as CD154, to stimulate T cell immunity will also be tested. Attenuated bovine parainfluenza virus has previously been
shown to be an effective antigen delivery vector in humans. Previous work by others has shown that attenuated BPI3V is tolerated
and immunogenic in non-human primates and human infants and children. We believe the vector is well suited for mucosal immunization
using a nasal atomizer, and can also be delivered parenterally. TNX-2300 is in the preclinical stage of development. 

TNX-3600 and TNX-3800 
are mAbs directed against SARS-CoV-2 which are in development as potential therapeutic or preventative agents for COVID-19. Given
the unpredictable trajectory of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and new variants, we seek to contribute a broad set of anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs,
that can be scaled up quickly and potentially combined with other mAbs. We envision the future of mAb therapy for COVID-19 to be
cocktails of mAbs with specificity to variants of concern. TNX-3600 refers to a series of fully human mAbs generated by human-human hybridomas from COVID-19 convalescent volunteers. We are collaborating with Columbia University to produce these fully
human mAbs to SARS-CoV-2 spike proteins from variants such as delta, omicron and XBB1.5 and to other viral targets. TNX-3800 refers
to three humanized murine mAbs which we licensed exclusively in December 2022 from Curia Global, Inc. for the treatment or
prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection. The initial focus is to develop COVID-19 therapeutic mAbs. We plan to seek indications similar
to previously EUA-approved therapeutic mAbs for treating individuals with mild-to-moderate COVID-19 who are at high risk for
progression to severe disease or for prophylaxis in individuals with compromised immune systems who are at high risk for severe COVID-19 disease. None of the previously EUA-approved therapeutic or preventative mAbs are still available, because each
has become obsolete since the SARS-CoV-2 virus has mutated to evade their binding. TNX-3600 and TNX-3800 mAbs may also be used in
combination therapy with other COVID-19 therapeutic mAbs. Combination therapies with other anti-SARS-CoV-2 mAbs may reduce the
emergence of resistant viral strains. TNX-3600 and TNX-3800 are in the preclinical stage of development. 

60 

TNX-3700 is a COVID-19
mRNA vaccine candidate employing a zinc nanoparticle (ZNP) formulation. In collaboration with Kansas State University, we are developing
this ZNP technology as a potential replacement for the lipid nanoparticle (LNP) technology used in current mRNA vaccines. ZNP technology
potentially allows for improved stability which facilitates shipping and storage and addresses the limitations in current mRNA
vaccines which require ultra-cold storage and shipping. This current requirement limits the use of mRNA vaccines in less developed
countries. We plan to seek initial indications as a booster, similar to the current FDA approved mRNA vaccines for COVID-19. We
intend to conduct research with Kansas State University on ZNP SARS-CoV-2 spike based vaccines in tissue culture and animals in
the first half of 2023. TNX-3700 is in the preclinical stage of development. 

Relating to our COVID-19 and other infectious disease development programs,
we are developing the resources necessary to enable internal research, development and manufacturing capabilities necessary to meet the
goal of producing new vaccine candidates within 100 days of recognition within weeks of obtaining sequence information of a novel pathogen.
We seek to be a leader in the movement to re-build domestic U.S. research, development and manufacturing capabilities. Because this movement
follows a protracted period when domestic research, development and manufacturing were moved out of the U.S., or off-shore 
by other companies to save on labor and other costs, the movement to reverse that trend has been described as on-shoring 
or re-domestication . The COVID-19 pandemic taught that national borders may close during a health emergency. Therefore,
domestic capabilities are essential for the health security of the U.S., which has also been described as pandemic preparedness and biodefense.
As articulated in the American Pandemic Preparedness Plan, or AP3, released by the U.S. Office of Science and Technology Policy, this
100-day goal for vaccines is a key component of preparedness for future pandemics. We believe we have established the infrastructure necessary
to support the pandemic preparedness goals established in the AP3, specifically with respect to our RPV vaccine and potentially to other
vaccine and therapeutic platforms. This infrastructure consists of (i) our R D Center, or RDC , (ii) our Advanced Development
Center, or ADC, and (iii) our Commercial Manufacturing Center, or CMC. We acquired the RDC in Frederick, Maryland consisting of one building
totaling approximately 48,000 square feet. The acquisition closed in October 2021 and the facility is operational. The RDC facility focuses
on our development of vaccines and antiviral drugs against SARS-CoV-2, its variants, and other infectious diseases. The RDC also conducts
research on central nervous system and immunology drugs. The RDC facility is mostly biosafety level 2 (BSL-2), with some components designated
BSL-3. We completed the substantial renovation of the ADC located in the New Bedford business park in Dartmouth, Massachusetts, which
became operational as of the fourth quarter 2022. This approximately 45,000 square foot BSL-2 facility is intended to accelerate development
and clinical scale manufacturing of live-virus vaccines and biologics to support clinical trials. We also plan to build the CMC in Hamilton,
Montana, where we purchased approximately 44 acres of land and have built a field office to manage construction of the facility. The CMC
will focus on developing and manufacturing commercial scale live-virus vaccines and biologics and is also intended to be BSL-2. Site enabling
work is expected to be initiated for the CMC in 2023. Together, we expect these facilities may qualify the RPV vaccine platform for programs
that are designed to carry out the goals of AP3. 

All
of our product candidates are investigational new drugs or biologics and have not been approved for any indication. 

We
are led by a management team with significant industry experience in drug development. We complement our management team with a network
of scientific, clinical, and regulatory advisors that includes recognized experts in their respective fields. 

Results
of Operations 

We
anticipate that our results of operations will fluctuate for the foreseeable future due to several factors, such as the progress of our
research and development efforts and the timing and outcome of regulatory submissions. Due to these uncertainties, accurate predictions
of future operations are difficult or impossible to make. 

Fiscal
year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Fiscal year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our operating expenses for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Research
 and development 

81,876 

68,838 

General
 and administrative 

30,215 

23,474 

Total operating expenses 

112,091 

92,312 

Operating loss 

(112,091) 

(92,312) 
 
 Interest
 income, net 

1,873 

25 

Net
 loss 

(110,218) 

(92,287) 

Research
and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were 81.9 million,
an increase of 13.1 million, or 19 , from 68.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is predominately due
to increased employee-related expenses of 9.0 million, predominately related to new hires at the RDC and ADC, lab supplies of 3.3 million, and office-related expenses of 1.4 million related
to our new facilities offset by a decrease in regulatory expenses of 0.4 million and a decrease in market research expenses of 0.3 million.
We expect research and development expenses to increase during 2023 as we move our clinical development programs forward and continue
to invest in our development pipeline. 

The
table below summarizes our direct research and development expenses for our product candidates and development platform for the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

61 

December 31, 

(in
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Research and development expenses: 

Direct expenses TNX - 102 SL 

13,530 

13,974 

(444) 
 
 Direct expenses TNX - 1800 

3,819 

8,049 

(4,230) 
 
 Direct expenses TNX - 601 ER 

1,308 

4,602 

(3,294) 
 
 Direct expenses TNX - 801 

2,111 

81 

2,030 

Direct expenses TNX - 1300 

3,233 

5,882 

(2,649) 
 
 Direct expenses TNX - 1500 

11,510 

5,334 

6,176 

Direct expenses TNX - 1900 

4,155 

2,429 

1,726 

Direct expenses TNX - 2100 

1,434 

3,410 

(1,976) 
 
 Direct expenses TNX - 3500 

1,162 

5,368 

(4,206) 
 
 Direct expenses Other programs 

7,912 

4,861 

3,051 

Internal staffing, overhead and
 other 

31,702 

14,848 

16,854 

Total research development 

81,876 

68,838 

13,038 

Our
direct research and development expenses consist principally of external costs for clinical, nonclinical and manufacturing, such as fees
paid to contractors, consultants and CROs in connection with our development work. Included in Internal Staffing, Overhead and
Other is overhead, supplies, research and development employee costs (including stock option expenses), travel, regulatory and
legal. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 were 30.2 million, an increase of 6.7 million, or 29 , from 23.5 million incurred in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase is primarily due to employee-related expenses of 4.3 million, of which 2.4 million relates to stock-based compensation,
an increase in legal fees of 0.1 million due to increased patent prosecution costs, an increase in software/technology expenses of 0.5
million, an increase in financial reporting expenses of 1.1 million, and an increase in travel-related of 0.4 million. 

Net
Loss . As a result of the foregoing, the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 110.2 million, compared to a net
loss of 92.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

License
Agreements 

On
February 13, 2023, we exercised an option to obtain an exclusive license from Columbia for the development of a portfolio of both fully
human and murine mAbs for the treatment or prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection, including our TNX-3600 and TNX-4100 product candidates,
respectively. The licensed mAbs were developed as part of a research collaboration and option agreement between us and Columbia. 

On
December 12, 2022, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Curia for the development of three humanized murine mAbs for the
treatment or prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection. We believe that the licensing of these mAbs strengthens our pipeline of next-generation
therapeutics to treat COVID-19, which is caused by SARS-CoV-2. As consideration for entering into the License Agreement, we paid a license
fee of approximately 0.4 million to Curia. The License Agreement also provides for single-digit royalties and contingent milestone payments.
As of December 31, 2022, other than the upfront fee, no payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

On
May 18, 2022, we entered into an exclusive License Agreement with the University of Alberta focused on identifying and testing broad-spectrum
antiviral drugs against future variants of SARS-CoV-2 and other emerging viruses. As consideration for entering into the License Agreement,
we paid a low-five digit license fee to University of Alberta. The License Agreement also provides for single-digit royalties and contingent
milestone payments. As of December 31, 2022, other than the upfront fee, no payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

On
April 14, 2021, we and OyaGen, Inc. OyaGen entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the OyaGen License Agreement pursuant to which OyaGen granted us an exclusive license to certain patents and technical information related to an antiviral inhibitor
of SARS-CoV-2, sangivamycin, and to develop and commercialize products thereunder, and to acquire rights to any technology based thereon
for the prevention or treatment of Covid-19 developed by OyaGen during the term of the License Agreement. 

As consideration for entering
into the License Agreement, we agreed to pay a low-seven digit license fee to OyaGen, and agreed to issue to OyaGen and an affiliated
entity an aggregate of 86,010 shares of our common stock, valued at 3.0 million, which are unregistered and subject to a six-month lock-up
and a voting agreement, pursuant to which OyaGen and the affiliated entity have agreed to vote the common stock on any matter put to
a vote of the shareholders of the Company in accordance with management s recommendations. The OyaGen License also provides for
single-digit royalties and contingent milestone payments. No milestone payments were accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. In
July 2022, we notified OyaGen of our intent to terminate the License Agreement, and the agreement was terminated effective September
20, 2022. 

On
February 11, 2021, we entered into a license agreement (the Inserm License Agreement pursuant to which we licensed technology
using oxytocin-based therapeutics for the treatment of Prader-Willi syndrome and non-organic failure to thrive disease from Inserm (the
French National Institute of Health and Medical Research), Aix-Marseille Universit and Centre Hospitalier Universitaire of Toulouse.
The Inserm License Agreement provides for the payment of annual fees and milestone payments upon the occurrence of specified sales milestones,
totaling approximately 0.4 million, as well royalties on net sales of products based on the licensed technology, and assignment/transfer
and sublicense royalties. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

On
September 16, 2019, we entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the Columbia License Agreement with the Trustees of
Columbia University in the City of New York Columbia ), as subsequently amended, pursuant to which Columbia granted to us
an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents and technical information (collectively, the TFF2 Technology related to a recombinant Trefoil Family Factor 2 (TFF2), and to develop and commercialize products thereunder (each, a TFF2 Product ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Columbia License Agreement, Columbia has reserved for itself the right to practice the TFF2 Technology for
academic research and educational purposes. 

62 

We
paid a five-digit license fee to Columbia as consideration for entering into the Columbia License Agreement, which was recorded to research
and development expenses in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019. We are obligated to use Commercially Reasonable
Efforts, as defined in the Columbia License Agreement, to develop and commercialize the TFF2 Product, and to achieve specified developmental
milestones. 

We
are obligated to pay Columbia single-digit royalties on net sales of (i) TFF2 Products sold by us or a sublicensee and (ii) any other
products that involve material or technical information related to the TFF2 Product and transferred to us pursuant to the License Agreement Other Products sold by us or a sublicensee. Royalties on each particular TFF2 Product are payable on a country-by-country
and Product-by-Product basis until the latest of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid claim in the last to expire of the issued
patents covered by the Columbia License Agreement, and (ii) a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of a TFF2 Product
in the country in question. Royalties on each particular Other Product are payable on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis
until a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of such particular Other Product in such country. Royalties payable on
net sales of the TFF2 Product and Other Products may be reduced by 50 of the royalties payable by us to any third party for intellectual
property rights which are necessary for the practice of the rights licensed to us under the Columbia License Agreement, provided that
the royalty payable on a TFF2 Product or Other Product may not be reduced by more than 50 . 

We
are also obligated to make contingent milestone payments to Columbia totaling 4.1 million on a Product-by-Product basis upon the achievement
of certain development, approval and sales milestones related to a TFF2 Product. In addition, we shall pay Columbia 5 of consideration,
other than royalty payments and certain other categories of consideration, payable to us by a sublicensee. As of December 31, 2022, no
milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

On
May 20, 2019, we entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the License Agreement with Columbia pursuant to which Columbia,
for itself and on behalf of the University of Kentucky and the University of Michigan (collectively, the Institutions granted
to us an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents, technical information and material (collectively, the Technology related to a double-mutant cocaine esterase, and to develop and commercialize products thereunder (each, a Product ). Pursuant
to the terms of the License Agreement, Columbia has reserved for itself and the Institutions the right to practice the Technology for
academic research and educational purposes. 

We
paid a six-digit license fee to Columbia as consideration for entering into the License Agreement. We are obligated to use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts, as defined in the License Agreement, to develop and commercialize the Product, and to achieve specified developmental
milestones. 

We
are obligated to pay Columbia single-digit royalties on net sales of (i) Products sold by us or a sublicensee and (ii) any other products
that involve material or technical information related to the Product and transferred to us pursuant to the License Agreement Other
Products sold by us or a sublicensee. Royalties on each particular Product are payable on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product
basis until the latest of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid claim in the last to expire of the issued patents covered by the
License Agreement, (ii) a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of a Product in the country in question, or (iii) expiration
of any market exclusivity period granted by a regulatory agency. Royalties on each particular Other Product are payable on a country-by-country
and product-by-product basis until the later of (i) a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of such particular Other
Product in such country or (ii) expiration of any market exclusivity period granted by a regulatory agency. Royalties payable on net sales
of the Product and Other Products may be reduced by 50 of the royalties payable by us to any third party for intellectual property rights
which are necessary for the practice of the rights licensed to us under the License Agreement, provided that the royalty payable on a
Product or Other Product may not be reduced by more than 50 . 

We
are also obligated to make contingent milestone payments to Columbia totaling 3 million on a Product-by-Product basis upon the achievement
of certain development, approval and sales milestones related to a Product. In addition, we shall pay Columbia 5 of consideration, other
than royalty payments and certain other categories of consideration, payable to us by a sublicensee. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone
payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

Asset
Purchase Agreements 

On
February 2, 2023, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset
Purchase Agreement with Healion Bio Inc., pursuant to which we acquired all the pre-clinical
infectious disease assets of Healion, including its portfolio of next-generation antiviral technology assets. Healion s drug portfolio
includes a class of broad-spectrum small molecule oral antiviral drug candidates with a novel host-directed mechanism of action, including
TNX-3900, formerly known as HB-121. As consideration for entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement, we paid 1.2 million to Healion.
Because the Healion intellectual property was acquired prior to FDA approval, the cash consideration totaling 1.2 million, is expected
to be expensed as research and development costs since there is no alternative future use and the acquired intellectual property does
not constitute a business. 

On
December 22, 2020, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Katana Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. Katana pursuant to which we acquired Katana assets related to insulin resistance and related syndromes, including
obesity (the Katana Assets ). In connection with the acquisition of the Assets, we assumed Katana s rights and obligations
under that certain Exclusive License Agreement by and between Katana and The University of Geneva Geneva (the Geneva
License Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Geneva Geneva Assignment and Assumption
Agreement ), dated December 22, 2020. As consideration for entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement, we paid 0.7 million to Katana.
Because the Katana intellectual property was acquired prior to FDA approval, the cash consideration totaling 0.7 million, was expensed
as research and development costs since there is no alternative future use and the acquired intellectual property does not constitute
a business. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Geneva Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Geneva granted us an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense,
certain patents related to the Katana Assets. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop, manufacture,
and sell products claimed or covered by the patent and will use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop markets for such
products. The Geneva License Agreement specifies developmental milestones and the period of time during which such milestones must be
completed and provides for an annual maintenance fee payable to Geneva. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued
or paid in relation to this agreement. 

63 

On
June 11, 2020, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Trigemina Asset Purchase Agreement with Trigemina, Inc. Trigemina and certain shareholders named therein (the Executive Shareholders pursuant to which we acquired
Trigemina assets related to migraine and pain treatment technologies (the Trigemina Assets ). In connection with the acquisition
of the Trigemina Assets, we assumed Trigemina s rights and obligations under that certain Amended and Restated Exclusive License
Agreement, dated November 30, 2007, as amended, by and between Trigemina and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University Stanford (the Stanford License Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with
Stanford Assignment and Assumption Agreement ), dated June 11, 2020. 

As
consideration for entering into the Trigemina Asset Purchase Agreement, we paid 824,759 to Trigemina and issued to Trigemina 62,500 shares
of our common stock and paid Stanford 250,241 pursuant to the terms of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement. The common stock is unregistered
and subject to a 12 month lock-up and a Shareholder Voting Agreement, dated June 11, 2020, pursuant to which Trigemina and the Executive
Shareholders have agreed to vote the common stock on any matter put to a vote of our shareholders in accordance with management s
recommendations. Both the costs associated with the cash payments and share issuance, totaling 2.4 million, were recorded to research
and development in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. Because the Trigemina intellectual property was acquired
prior to FDA approval, the cash and stock consideration was expensed as research and development costs since there is no alternative future
use and the acquired intellectual property does not constitute a business. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Stanford has granted us an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain
patents related to the Trigemina Assets. Stanford has reserved for itself the right to practice under the patents for academic research
and educational purposes. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop, manufacture, and sell products
claimed or covered by the patent and will use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop markets for such products. The Stanford
License Agreement specifies developmental milestones and the period of time during which such milestones must be completed, and provides
for an annual maintenance fee payable to Stanford. As of December 31, 2022, other than the annual maintenance fee, no milestone payments
have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

On
August 19, 2019, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the TRImaran Asset Purchase Agreement with TRImaran Pharma,
Inc. TRImaran and the selling shareholders named therein (the Selling Shareholders pursuant to which we
acquired TRImaran s assets related to certain pyran-based compounds (the TRImaran Assets ). In connection with the
acquisition of the TRImaran Assets, we entered into a First Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement (the WSU License Agreement with Wayne State University WSU on August 19, 2019, as subsequently amended. As consideration for entering into the TRImaran
Asset Purchase Agreement, we paid 100,000 to TRImaran and have assumed certain liabilities of TRImaran totaling 68,500. The 168,500
was recorded to research and development expenses in the statement of operations in 2019. Upon the achievement of specified development,
regulatory and sales milestones, we also agreed to pay TRImaran and the Selling Shareholders, in restricted stock or cash, at our option,
a total of approximately 3.4 million. Pursuant to the terms of the TRImaran Asset Purchase Agreement, TRImaran and the Selling Shareholders
are prohibited from disclosing confidential information related to the TRImaran Assets and are restricted from engaging, for a period
of three years, in the development or commercialization of any therapeutic containing any pyran-based drug compound for the treatment
of post-traumatic stress disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or major depressive disorder. Also for a period of three years,
if TRImaran or any Selling Shareholder engage in the research or development of any potential therapeutic compound for the treatment of
any central nervous system disorder, TRImaran or such Selling Shareholder is obliged to provide notice and opportunity to Tonix to make
an offer to acquire or license rights with respect to such product candidate. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been
accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the WSU License Agreement, WSU granted us an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents, technical
information and material (collectively, the Technology related to the TRImaran Assets. WSU has reserved for itself the
right to practice the Technology for academic research and educational purposes. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain regulatory approval for one or more products utilizing the Technology WSU Products and to use commercially reasonable
marketing efforts throughout the term of the WSU License Agreement. The WSU License Agreement specifies developmental milestones and the
period of time during which such milestones must be completed and provides for an annual maintenance fee payable to WSU. We are obligated
to substantially manufacture WSU Products in the United States if WSU Products will be sold in the United States. 

Pursuant
to the WSU License Agreement, we paid 75,000 to WSU as reimbursement of certain patent expenses, and, upon the achievement of specified
development, regulatory and sales milestones, we also agreed to pay WSU, milestone payments totaling approximately 3.4 million. We have
also agreed to pay WSU single-digit royalties on net sales of WSU Products sold by us or a sublicensee on a tiered basis based on net
sales, and additional sublicense fees on certain consideration received from sublicensees. Royalties on each particular WSU Product are
payable on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis until the date of expiration of the last valid claim in the last to expire
of the issued patents covered by the WSU License Agreement. Royalties payable on net sales of WSU Products may be reduced by 50 of the
royalties payable by us to any third party for intellectual property rights which are necessary for the practice of the rights licensed
to us under the WSU License Agreement, provided that the royalty payable on a WSU Product may not be reduced by more than 50 . Each party
also has the right to terminate the agreement for customary reasons such as material breach and bankruptcy. The WSU License Agreement
contains provisions relating to termination, indemnification, confidentiality and other customary matters for an agreement of this kind.
As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 112.6 million, comprised primarily of cash and cash equivalents of 120.2 million and
prepaid expenses and other of 10.5 million, offset by 8.1 million of accounts payable, 9.7 million of accrued expenses and other current
liabilities and 0.4 million of lease liabilities, short term. A significant portion of the accounts payable and accrued expenses are
due to work performed in relation to our Phase 3 clinical trial in FM and our vaccine program. 

The
following table provides a summary of operating, investing and financing cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively
(in thousands): 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(98,053) 

(75,557) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

(48,147) 

(35,307) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

87,844 

212,487 

64 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used approximately 98.1 million and 75.6 million of cash in operating activities, respectively,
which represents cash outlays for research and development and general and administrative expenses in such periods. The increase in cash
outlays principally resulted from an increase in research and development and general and administrative activities. 

Cash
used by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 48.1 million and 35.3 million, respectively,
related to the purchase of property and equipment. A significant portion of capital expenditure relates to the build-out of the RDC and ADC. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net proceeds from financing activities were 87.8 million and 212.5 million, respectively,
predominately from the sale of our common stock. 

We believe that our cash
resources at December 31, 2022 and the proceeds that we raised from equity offerings in the first quarter of 2023, net of amounts paid
to repurchase shares in the first quarter of 2023, will meet our operating and capital expenditure requirements into the fourth quarter
of 2023, but not beyond. 

We
face significant challenges and uncertainties and, as a result, our available capital resources may be consumed more rapidly than currently
expected due to changes we may make in our research and development spending plans. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern for the one year period from the date of filing of this Form 10-K. We believe we have the ability to obtain
additional funding through public or private financing or collaborative arrangements with strategic partners to increase the funds available
to fund operations. Without additional funds, we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our research and development
activities, or other operations and potentially delay product development in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations.
If any of these events occurs, our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. 

Future
Liquidity Requirements 

We
expect to incur losses from operations for the near future. We expect to incur increasing research and development expenses, including
expenses related to additional clinical trials and the buildout of our research and development operations and manufacturing. We will
not have enough resources to meet our operating requirements for the one-year period from filing date of this report. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including the progress of our research and development of product candidates,
the timing and outcome of regulatory approvals, the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing
patent claims and other intellectual property rights, the status of competitive products, the availability of financing and our success
in developing markets for our product candidates. 

We
will need to obtain additional capital in order to fund future research and development activities. Future financing may include the issuance
of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. Even if we are able to raise the funds required,
it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected
cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, shareholders
may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
holders of our common stock. 

If
additional financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate
our research and development programs, reduce our commercialization efforts or obtain funds through arrangements with collaborative partners
or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain product candidates that we might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize
independently. 

Share
Repurchase Program 

Since January 1, 2023, the Company
has repurchased 15,700,269 of its shares of common stock outstanding under a 12.5 million
share purchase program at prices ranging from 0.44 to 1.38 per share for a gross aggregate cost of approximately 12.5 million. 

In January 2023, the Board of Directors
approved a new share repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to an additional 12.5
million in value of its outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions subject
to market conditions, share price and other factors. Since January 1, 2023, the Company has
repurchased 1,000,000 of its shares of common stock outstanding under the new share repurchase
program at 1.14 per share for a gross aggregate cost of 1.1 million. 

Convertible Redeemable Preferred stock 

On October
26, 2022, we issued 1,400,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 100,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to certain institutional
investors in a private placement. The Preferred Stock had an aggregate stated value of 15,000,000. Each share of the Preferred Stock
had a purchase price of 9.50, representing an original issue discount OID of 5 of the stated value. The shares of the
preferred stock were convertible into shares of our common stock, upon the occurrence of certain events, at a conversion price of 1.00
per share, at the option of the holder, and at our option upon the fulfillment of certain conditions and subject to certain limitations.
The Company and the holders of the preferred stock also entered into a registration rights agreement to register the resale of the shares
of common stock issuable in the event of the conversion of the preferred stock. The 14.3 million in gross proceeds of the offering were
held in an escrow account, along with an additional 1.5 million deposited by the Company to cover the aggregate OID as well as the additional
amount that would have been necessary to fund the 105 redemption price until the expiration of the redemption period for the Preferred
Stock. 

All
outstanding shares of the Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock were redeemed
in December 2022 at 105 of the 10.00 stated value of the Preferred Stock, or 15.8 million in the aggregate. 

65 

On June
24, 2022, we issued 2,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 500,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to certain institutional
investors in a private placement. The Preferred Stock had an aggregate stated value of 30,000,000. Each share of the Preferred Stock
had a purchase price of 9.50, representing an OID of 5 of the stated value. The shares of the preferred stock were convertible into
shares of our common stock, upon the occurrence of certain events, at a conversion price of 4.00 per share, at the option of the holder,
and at our option upon the fulfillment of certain conditions and subject to certain limitations. The Company and the holders of the preferred
stock also entered into a registration rights agreement to register the resale of the shares of common stock issuable in the event of
the conversion of the preferred stock. The 28.5 million in gross proceeds of the offering were held in an escrow account, along with
an additional 3.0 million deposited by the Company to cover the aggregate OID as well as the additional amount that would have been necessary
to fund the 105 redemption price until the expiration of the redemption period for the Preferred Stock. 

All outstanding shares of the
Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock were redeemed in August 2022 at 105 
of the 10.00 stated value of the Preferred Stock, or 31.5 million in the aggregate. 

2022
Lincoln Park Transaction 

On
August 16, 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement (the 2022 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement
(the 2022 Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ). Pursuant to the
terms of the 2022 Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park has agreed to purchase from us up to 50,000,000 of our common stock (subject to certain
limitations) from time to time during the term of the 2022 Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Registration Rights Agreement,
we filed with the SEC a registration statement to register for resale under the Securities Act the shares that have been or may be issued
to Lincoln Park under the 2022 Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2022 Purchase Agreement, at the time we signed the 2022 Purchase Agreement and the 2022 Registration Rights Agreement,
we issued 625,000 shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under
the 2022 Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were valued at 1,000,000 and recorded as an addition to equity for the issuance of
the common stock and treated as a reduction to equity as a cost of capital to be raised under the 2022 Purchase Agreement. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 1.0 million shares of common stock under the 2022 Purchase Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately
 0.5 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company sold 0.6 million shares of common stock under the Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park for net proceeds of approximately 0.4 million. 

Purchase
Agreement with Lincoln Park 

On
December 3, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park and a registration rights
agreement (the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, Lincoln Park agreed to purchase from us up to 80,000,000 of our common
stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time during the term of the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. Pursuant to the
terms of the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement, we filed with the SEC a registration statement to register for resale under the
Securities Act the shares that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, at the time we signed the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park and the Lincoln
Park Registration Rights Agreement, we issued 90,910 shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase
shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. The commitment shares were valued at 1.6 million and recorded
as an addition to equity for the issuance of the common stock and treated as a reduction to equity as a cost of capital to be raised under
the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 2.9 million shares of common stock under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, for net proceeds
of approximately 8.7 million. 

Under
applicable rules of the NASDAQ Global Market, the Company could not issue or sell more than 19.99 of the shares of its common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement (approximately 2.9 million shares) with Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement
without stockholder approval, unless the average price of all applicable sales of its common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase
Agreement equals or exceeds a threshold amount. As we have issued approximately 2.9 million shares to Lincoln Park under the Purchase
Agreement at less than the threshold amount, we will not sell any additional shares under the Purchase Agreement without shareholder approval. 

2021
Lincoln Park Transaction 

On
May 14, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement (the 2021 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the
 2021 Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ). Pursuant to the terms
of the 2021 Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park agreed to purchase from us up to 80,000,000 of our common stock (subject to certain limitations)
from time to time during the term of the 2021 Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement, we
filed with the SEC a registration statement to register for resale under the Securities Act the shares that have been or may be issued
to Lincoln Park under the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2021 Purchase Agreement, at the time we signed the 2021 Purchase Agreement and the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement,
we issued 40,000 shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under
the 2021 Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were valued at 1.6 million and recorded as an addition to equity for the issuance
of the common stock and treated as a reduction to equity as a cost of capital to be raised under the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold an aggregate of approximately 2.0 million shares of common stock under the 2021 Purchase Agreement,
for gross proceeds of approximately 41.3 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no shares of common stock were sold under
the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 

Under
applicable rules of the NASDAQ Global Market, we could not issue or sell more than 19.99 of the shares of our common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the execution of the 2021 Purchase Agreement (approximately 2.0 million shares) to Lincoln Park under the 2021 Purchase
Agreement without stockholder approval, unless the average price of all applicable sales of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the
2021 Purchase Agreement equals or exceeds a threshold amount. 

66 

As
we have issued approximately 2.0 million shares to Lincoln Park under the 2021 Purchase Agreement, at less than the threshold amount,
we will not sell any additional shares under the 2021 Purchase Agreement without shareholder approval. 

February
2021 Financing 

On
February 8, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors relating to the issuance and sale
of 1.8 million shares of our common stock, in a registered direct public offering the February 2021 Financing ), with A.G.P/Alliance
Global Partners AGP ), acting as placement agent. The public offering price for each share of common stock was 38.40. The
February 2021 Financing closed on February 9, 2021. AGP received a cash fee of 7 of the gross proceeds, for an aggregate amount of 4.9
million. We incurred other offering expenses of approximately 0.1 million. We received net proceeds of approximately 65.0 million, after
deducting the fees and other offering expenses. 

January
2021 Financing 

On
January 11, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors relating to the issuance and sale
of 1.6 million shares of its common stock in a registered direct public offering the January 2021 Financing ), with AGP
as placement agent. The public offering price for each share of common stock was 25.60. The January 2021 Financing closed on January
13, 2021. AGP received a cash fee of 7 of the gross proceeds, for an aggregate of 2.8 million. We incurred other offering expenses of
approximately 0.3 million. The Company received net proceeds of approximately 36.9 million, after deducting the fees and other offering
expenses. 

At-the-Market
Offerings 

On
April 8, 2020, we entered into a sales agreement (the Sales Agreement with AGP pursuant to which we may issue and
sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 320.0 million in at-the-market
offerings ATM sales. AGP will act as sales agent and will be paid a 3 commission on each sale under the Sales
Agreement. Our common stock will be sold at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale, and, as a result, prices will vary.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold approximately 56.4 million shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement, for
net proceeds of approximately 85.3 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold approximately 3.5 million shares of
common stock under the Sales Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately 69.3 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we sold
2.1 million shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately 1.4 million. 

Stock Compensation 

Stock
Options 

On
May 3, 2019, our stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ).
The 2019 Plan provided for the issuance of up to 4,375 shares of our common stock. With the adoption of the 2020 Plan (as defined below),
no further grants may be made under the 2019 Plan. On January 16, 2020, our stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp.
2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan provided for the issuance of up to 18,750 shares of our common
stock. With the adoption of the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan (as defined below), no further grants may be made under the 2020 Plan. 

On
May 1, 2020, our stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Amended
and Restated 2020 Plan ), and together with the 2020 Plan and the 2019 Plan, the Plans ). 

Under the terms of the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan, we may issue (1)
stock options (incentive and nonstatutory), (2) restricted stock, (3) stock appreciation rights SARs ), (4) RSUs, (5) other
stock-based awards, and (6) cash-based awards. The Amended and Restated 2020 Plan initially provided for the issuance of up to 312,500
shares of common stock, which amount will be increased to the extent that awards granted under the Plans are forfeited, expire or
are settled for cash (except as otherwise provided in the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan). In addition, the Amended and Restated 2020
Plan contains an evergreen provision providing for an annual increase in the number of shares of our common stock available
for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan on January 1 of each year for a period of ten years, commencing on January 1, 2021
and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, in an amount equal to the difference between (x) twenty percent (20 of the total number
of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 st of the preceding calendar year, and (y) the total number of shares of
common stock reserved under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan on December 31 st of such preceding calendar year (including
shares subject to outstanding awards, issued pursuant to awards or available for future awards). The Board of Directors determines the
exercise price, vesting and expiration period of the grants under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan. However, the exercise price of an
incentive stock option may not be less than 110 of fair value of the common stock at the date of the grant for a 10 or more shareholder
and 100 of fair value for a grantee who is not a 10 shareholder. The fair value of the common stock is determined based on quoted market
price or in absence of such quoted market price, by the Board of Directors in good faith. Additionally, the expiration period of grants
under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan may not be more than ten years. As of December 31, 2022, 627,735 shares were available for future
grants under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan. 

We measure the fair value of stock options on the date of grant, based
on the Black Scholes option pricing model using certain assumptions discussed below, and the closing market price of the Company s
common stock on the date of the grant. The fair value of the award is measured on the grant date. One-third of most stock options granted
pursuant to the Plans vest 12 months from the date of grant and 1/36 th each month thereafter for 24 months and expire ten years
from the date of grant. In addition, the Company issues options to directors which vest over a one-year period. The Company also issues
premium options to executive officers which have an exercise price greater than the grant date fair value and has issued performance-based
options which vest when target parameters are met or probable of being met, subject in each case to a one year minimum service period
prior to vesting. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards is amortized over the applicable service period using the straight-line
method. 

The
risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of Daily U.S. Treasury Yield Curve Rates with terms equal to the expected term of the options
as of the grant date. The expected term of options is determined using the simplified method, as provided in an SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin, and the expected stock price volatility is based on the Company historical stock price volatility. 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 5.25 and 33.78 per
share, respectively. 

67 

Stock-based
compensation expense relating to options granted of 10.9 million, of which 7.9 million and 3.0 million, related to General and Administration
and Research and Development, respectively was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock-based compensation expense
relating to options granted of 7.9 million, of which 5.5 million and 2.4 million, related to General and Administration and Research
and Development, respectively was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 11.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested awards granted under
the Plans, which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of 1.73 years. 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan 

On
May 3, 2019, our stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holdings Corp. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2019 ESPP ).
As a result of adoption of the 2020 ESPP, as defined below, by the stockholders, no further grants may be made under the 2019 ESPP Plan.
On May 1, 2020, our stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holdings Corp. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020
ESPP ). No further grants may be made under the 2020 ESPP Plan. On May 6, 2022, our stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals
Holdings Corp. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2022 ESPP , and together with the 2019 ESPP and the 2020 ESPP, the
 ESPP Plans )). 

The
2022 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase up to an aggregate of 93,750 shares of our common stock. Under the 2022 ESPP,
on the first day of each offering period, each eligible employee for that offering period has the option to enroll for that offering period,
which allows the eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at the end of the offering period. Each offering period under
the 2022 ESPP is for six months, which can be modified from time-to-time. Subject to limitations, each participant will be permitted to
purchase a number of shares determined by dividing the employee s accumulated payroll deductions for the offering period by the
applicable purchase price, which is equal to 85 percent of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning or end
of each offering period, whichever is less. A participant must designate in his or her enrollment package the percentage (if any) of compensation
to be deducted during that offering period for the purchase of stock under the 2022 ESPP, subject to the statutory limit under the Code.
As of December 31, 2022, 9 shares were available for future sales under the 2022 ESPP. 

The
2022 and 2020 ESPP are considered compensatory plans with the related compensation cost expensed over the six-month offering period. For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 46,000 and 89,000, respectively were expensed. In January 2021, 1,703 shares that were purchased
as of December 31, 2020, under the 2020 ESPP, were issued. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2021, approximately 28,000 of employee
payroll deductions accumulated at December 31, 2020, related to acquiring such shares, was transferred from accrued expenses to additional
paid in capital. The remaining 4,000 was returned to the employees. In January 2022, 4,033 shares that were purchased as of December
31, 2021, under the 2020 ESPP, were issued. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2022, approximately 40,000 of employee payroll deductions
accumulated at December 31, 2021, related to acquiring such shares, was transferred from accrued expenses to additional paid in capital.
The remaining 30,000 was returned to the employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 43,000 of employee payroll deductions have
accumulated and have been recorded in accrued expenses. In January 2023, 93,741 shares that were purchased as of December 31, 2022,
under the 2022 ESPP, were issued. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2023, approximately 29,000 of employee payroll deductions
accumulated at December 31, 2022, related to acquiring such shares, was transferred from accrued expenses to additional paid in capital.
The remaining 14,000 was returned to the employees. 

Commitments 

Research
and Development Contracts 

We
have entered into contracts with various contract research organizations with outstanding commitments aggregating approximately 58.6
million at December 31, 2022 for future work to be performed. 

We
have entered into a construction contract with outstanding commitments aggregating approximately 2.0 million at December 31, 2022 for
future work to be performed. 

Operating
Leases 

At
December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments for operating leases with non-cancelable terms of more than one year were as follows
(in thousands): 

Year Ending December 31, 

2023 

441 

2024 

164 

2025 

159 

2026 

9 

2027 

2 

775 

Included interest 

(15) 

760 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our condensed financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. We evaluate our estimates
and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

68 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. 

Research
and Development. We outsource our research and development efforts and expense the related costs as incurred, including the cost of manufacturing
product for testing, licensing fees and costs associated with planning and conducting clinical trials. The value ascribed to patents and
other intellectual property acquired was expensed as research and development costs, as it related to particular research and development
projects and had no alternative future uses. 

We
estimate our accrued expenses. Our clinical trial accrual process is designed to account for expenses resulting from our obligations under
contracts with vendors, consultants and clinical research organizations and clinical site agreements in connection with conducting clinical
trials. The financial terms of these contracts are subject to negotiations, which vary from contract to contract and may result in payment
flows that do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided to us under such contracts. We account for trial expenses
according to the progress of the trial as measured by participant progression and the timing of various aspects of the trial. We determine
accrual estimates that take into account discussions with applicable personnel and outside service providers as to the progress or state
of completion of trials, or the services completed. During the course of a clinical trial, we adjust our clinical expense recognition
if actual results differ from our estimates. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on the facts
and circumstances known to us at that time. Our clinical trial accruals and prepaid assets are dependent upon the timely and accurate
reporting of contract research organizations and other third-party vendors. 

Stock-Based
Compensation. All stock-based payments to employees and to nonemployee directors for their services as directors consisted of grants of
restricted stock and stock options, which are measured at fair value on the grant date and recognized in the consolidated statements of
operations as compensation expense over the relevant vesting period. In addition, for awards that vest immediately and are nonforfeitable,
the measurement date is the date the award is issued. 

Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock. Preferred shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as liability instruments and are measured
at fair value. The Company classifies conditionally redeemable preferred shares, which includes preferred shares that feature redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
the Company s control, as temporary equity mezzanine until such time as the conditions are removed or lapse. 

Other
than contractual obligations incurred in the normal course of business, we do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or
liabilities, guarantee contracts, retain or contingent interests in transferred assets or any obligation arising out of a material variable
interest in an unconsolidated entity. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ,
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also
removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and
it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2023, under the modified
retrospective method of transition. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2020-06 to impact the Company s financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

69 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated statements of operations
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated statements of comprehensive
 loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated statements of stockholders 
 equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 F-8 

Consolidated statements of cash
 flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-9 

Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 F-10 F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has continuing
losses and negative cash flows from operating activities that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Accrual and prepaid balance for clinical trial expenses 

 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, at each balance sheet date the Company estimates its expenses resulting from its obligations under contracts with vendors,
clinical research organizations and under clinical site agreements in connection with conducting clinical trials. The Company accounts
for trial expenses according to the timing of various aspects of the trial. The Company s accrual for clinical trial expenses of
approximately 3.3 million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance
sheet. The Company also recorded prepaid clinical trial expenses of approximately 8.0 million within prepaid expenses and other in the
December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet. The amounts recorded for clinical trial expenses represent the Company s estimates
of the unpaid and prepaid clinical trial expenses based on facts and circumstances known to the Company at that time, and are dependent
upon the timely and accurate reporting of contract research organizations and other third-party vendors. The estimation of clinical trial
expenses was also identified as a critical accounting estimate by management. 

We identified the accrual for clinical trial expenses
as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment and estimation required by management in determining progress or state of completion
of clinical trials or services completed. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity, and significant audit effort was
required in performing our procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to estimates made by management. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We obtained an
understanding of Management s process and evaluated the design of controls over developing its estimate of accrued and prepaid clinical
trial expenses, including the process of estimating the expenses incurred to date based on the status of the clinical trials. Our procedures
also included, among others, reading agreements and contract amendments with vendors, consultants and clinical research organizations
and clinical site agreements in connection with conducting clinical trials, and evaluating the significant assumptions described above
and the methods used in developing the clinical trial estimates and re-calculating the amounts that were unpaid and prepaid at the balance
sheet date. We confirmed contractual commitments and amounts completed, paid and unpaid directly with the third parties involved in performing
the clinical trial services on behalf of the Company. We also made direct inquiries of financial and clinical Company personnel regarding
the contract amount including change orders, status and progress to completion of clinical trials, amounts paid to date under each contract,
and description of future commitments. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates by comparing current expenses
to prior-period expenses to identify unusual fluctuations, if any. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2010 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 Iselin, New Jersey 

 March 13, 2023 

F- 3 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (In Thousands, Except Par Value and Share Amounts) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-to-use assets 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability, short term 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, long term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments (See Note 20) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized 

Series B Convertible Preferred stock, 
 shares designated as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021; issued and outstanding - 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, 
 shares designated as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021; issued and outstanding - 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 and shares
 authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and 
 and 
 shares to be issued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 equity 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements 

F- 4 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

COSTS AND EXPENSES: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Preferred stock
 deemed dividend 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share, basic and
 diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding,
 basic and diluted 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements 

F- 5 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (In Thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation loss 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements 

F- 6 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common stock 

Paid in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (loss) 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under At-the-market offering, net
 of transactional expenses of 

Issuance of common stock under 2022 Purchase Agreement 

Issuance of common stock under 2021 Purchase Agreement 

Issuance of commitment shares under 2022 Purchase agreement 

Preferred stock deemed dividend 

) 

) 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign currency transaction loss 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements 

F- 7 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common stock 

Paid in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (loss) 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in January 2021 
 per share), net of transactional expenses of 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for exercise of warrants
 in March 2021 
 per share) 

Issuance of common stock in February 2021 
 per share), net of transactional expenses of 

Issuance of common stock under At-the-market offering, net
 of transactional expenses of 

Issuance of common stock under 2021 Purchase Agreement, net
 of transactional expenses of 

Issuance of commitment shares under 2021 Purchase agreement 

Issuance of common stock in the acquisition of the OyaGen license 

Issuance of commitment shares under Lincoln park Purchase agreement 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign currency transaction loss 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

15,638,274 

() 

() 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements 

F- 8 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In Thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Common stock issued to acquire in-process research and development 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Lease liabilities and ROU asset, net 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from ESPP 

Proceeds, net of 
 expenses, from sale of convertible redeemable preferred stock 

Redemption of convertible redeemable preferred stock 

() 

Proceeds, net of 
 and 
 expenses, from sale of common stock and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of currency rate change on cash 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash beginning of the period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Purchases of property and equipment
 included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Preferred stock deemed dividend 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 9 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million. At December
31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 470.0
million . The Company held cash and cash equivalents of approximately 120.2
million as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company believes that
its cash resources at December 31, 2022 and the proceeds that it raised from equity offerings in the first quarter of 2023, net of amounts
paid to repurchase shares in the first quarter of 2023 (See Note 22), will meet its operating and capital expenditure requirements into
the fourth quarter of 2023, but not beyond. 

These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company faces significant challenges and uncertainties
and, as a result, its available capital resources may be consumed more rapidly than currently expected due to changes it may make in its
research and development spending plans. The Company believes that it has the ability to obtain additional funding through public and
private financing and collaborative arrangements with strategic partners to increase the funds available to fund operations. However,
the Company may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to the Company. Without additional funds, it may be forced to delay,
scale back or eliminate some of its research and development activities, or other operations and potentially delay product development
in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue operations. If any of these events occurs, the Company s ability to achieve
its development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The Company accounted for the reverse stock split on a retrospective
basis pursuant to ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. All authorized, issued and outstanding common stock, common stock warrants, stock option
awards, exercise prices and per share data have been adjusted in these consolidated financial statements, on a retroactive basis, to reflect
the reverse stock split for all periods presented. Authorized preferred stock was not adjusted because of the reverse stock split. 

million
and million, respectively. Restricted
cash, which is included in Other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of approximately
 and ,
respectively, collateralizes a letter of credit issued in connection with the lease of office space in Chatham, New Jersey and New York
City (see Note 19). 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total 

to 
years for buildings, 
years for land improvements, and laboratory equipment, for computer assets, for furniture and all other equipment and term of lease for leasehold improvements. Depreciation on assets begin when the
asset is available for its intended use. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and
 ,
respectively. The Company s property and equipment is located in the United States. 

Options to purchase common stock 

Totals 

F- 12 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Land improvements 

Buildings 

Office furniture and equipment 

Laboratory equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and
 amortization 

() 

() 

On October 1, 2021, the Company
completed the acquisition of its approximately 
square foot research and development facility in Frederick, Maryland totaling 
million, to process development activities. Of the total purchase price, 
million was allocated to the value of land acquired, and 
million was allocated to buildings, and approximately 
million was allocated to Office furniture and equipment and Laboratory equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
assets became ready for the intended use and were placed in service. 

On September 28, 2020, the
Company completed the purchase of its approximately 
square foot facility in Dartmouth, Massachusetts for .0
million, to house its new Advanced Development Center for the development and manufacturing of vaccines. Of the total purchase price,
 
million was allocated to the value of land acquired, and 
million was allocated to buildings. Additionally, the Company incurred approximately 
million of costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, bringing total costs incurred-to-date to 
million, of which the majority relates to the build-out of the facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the assets became
ready for the intended use and were placed in service. 

On December 23, 2020, the
Company completed the purchase of its approximately -acre
site in Hamilton, Montana for 
million, for the construction of a vaccine development and commercial scale manufacturing facility. As of December 31, 2022, the
asset was not ready for its intended use. 

Insurance 

Other 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: 

Contract-related 

Compensation and compensation-related 

Construction in progress 

Professional fees and other 

As of December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, the Company used Level 1 quoted prices in active markets to value cash equivalents of 
million and 
million, respectively. The Company did not have any Level 2 or Level 3 assets or liabilities as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock, whereby 
 outstanding shares of the Company s common stock were exchanged for 
 shares of the Company s common stock. In connection with the reverse stock split, the Company issued an additional 
 shares of the Company s common stock due to fractional shares. Furthermore, pursuant to the Certificate of Change, the number
of authorized shares of common stock was reduced from 
 million to million. All per
share amounts and number of shares in the consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively restated to reflect
the reverse stock split. 

On August 5, 2022, the Company
filed an amendment to its articles of incorporation, as amended, to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized from 
to . 

On December 13, 2022, the
Company filed an amendment to its articles of incorporation, as amended, to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized from
 to . 

shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), and 
shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series B Preferred Stock, and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock ),
at an offering price of 
per share, representing a 
original issue discount OID) to the stated value of 
per share, for gross proceeds of 
million in the aggregate for the October offering, before the deduction of fees and offering expenses. The shares of Preferred Stock
were convertible, at a conversion price of 
per share (subject in certain circumstances to adjustments), into shares of the Company s common stock, at the option of the holders
and, in certain circumstances, by the Company. 

On December 13, 2022, an amendment
(the December Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the Company s authorized
shares of common stock from 
to , was approved at
a special meeting of shareholders. The Series A Preferred Stock had the right to vote on such December Amendment on an as-converted to
common stock basis. The shares of the Series B Preferred Stock were automatically voted in a manner that mirrored the proportions
on which the shares of Common Stock (excluding any shares of Common Stock that were not voted) and Series A Preferred Stock were voted
to increase the Authorized Shares. The December Amendment required the approval of the majority of the votes associated with the Company s
outstanding stock entitled to vote on the proposal. Because the Series B Preferred Stock were automatically and without further action
of the purchaser voted in a manner that mirrored the proportions on which the shares of Common Stock (excluding any shares
of Common Stock that were not voted) and Series A Preferred Stock were voted on the December Amendment, abstentions by common stockholders
did not have any effect on the votes cast by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Certificates of Designation for the Preferred
Stock provides that the ,
and, with respect to the Series B Certificate of Designation, . 

The holders of Preferred Stock
were entitled to dividends, on an as-if converted basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any, on shares of Common Stock. The Preferred
Stock was convertible, at the option of the holders and, in certain circumstances, by the Company, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion
price of 
per share. The holders of the Preferred Stock had the right to require the Company to redeem their shares of preferred stock for cash
at 
of the stated value of such shares through January 23, 2023. The Company had the option to redeem the Preferred Stock for cash at 
of the stated value, subject to the holders rights to convert the shares prior to such redemption. 

The 
million in gross proceeds of the October offering was held in an escrow account, along with an additional 
million deposited by the Company to cover the aggregate OID as well as the additional amount that would be necessary to fund the 
redemption price until the expiration of the redemption period for the Preferred Stock, as applicable, subject to the earlier payment
to redeeming holders. Upon expiration of the redemption period, any proceeds remaining in the escrow account would be disbursed to the
Company. 

million and 
million, respectively, as calculated in the following table (in thousands): 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 

Series
 B Preferred Stock 

Gross Proceeds 

Less: 

Preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

() 
 
 Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Preferred stock subject to possible redemption 

During December 2022, the
Company received redemption notices for all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock was redeemed during December 2022
at 
of the 
stated value of the Preferred Stock, or 
million in the aggregate. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company
closed on an offering the Offering with certain institutional investors (the Investors ), pursuant to which
the Company issued and sold, in a private placement, 
shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), and 
shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Series B Preferred Stock, and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock ),
at an offering price of 
per share, representing a 
original issue discount OID) to the stated value of 
per share, for gross proceeds of 
million in the aggregate for the Offering, before the deduction of fees and offering expenses. The shares of Preferred Stock were convertible,
at a conversion price of 
per share (subject in certain circumstances to adjustments), into shares of the Company s common stock, at the option of the holders
and, in certain circumstances, by the Company. 

On August 5, 2022, an amendment
(the Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the Company s authorized
shares of common stock from 
to ,
was approved at a special meeting of shareholders. The Series A Preferred Stock had the right to vote on such Amendment on an as-converted
to common stock basis. The shares of the Series B Preferred Stock were automatically voted in a manner that mirrored the
proportions on which the shares of Common Stock (excluding any shares of Common Stock that were not voted) and Series A Preferred Stock
were voted to increase the Authorized Shares. The Amendment required the approval of the majority of the votes associated with the Company s
outstanding stock entitled to vote on the proposal. Because the Series B Preferred Stock were automatically and without further action
of the purchaser voted in a manner that mirrored the proportions on which the shares of Common Stock (excluding any shares
of Common Stock that were not voted) and Series A Preferred Stock were voted on the Amendment, abstentions by common stockholders did
not have any effect on the votes cast by the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Certificates of Designation for the Preferred
Stock provides that the , and,
with respect to the Series B Certificate of Designation, . 

The holders of Preferred Stock
were entitled to dividends, on an as-if converted basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any, on shares of Common Stock. The Preferred
Stock was convertible, at the option of the holders and, in certain circumstances, by the Company, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion
price of 
per share. The holders of the Preferred Stock had the right to require the Company to redeem their shares of preferred stock for cash
at 
of the stated value of such shares through September 22, 2022. The Company had the option to redeem the Preferred Stock for cash at 
of the stated value, subject to the holders rights to convert the shares prior to such redemption. 

The 
million in gross proceeds of the Offering was held in an escrow account, along with an additional .0
million deposited by the Company to cover the aggregate OID as well as the additional amount that would be necessary to fund the 
redemption price until the expiration of the redemption period for the Preferred Stock, as applicable, subject to the earlier payment
to redeeming holders. Upon expiration of the redemption period, any proceeds remaining in the escrow account would be disbursed to the
Company. 

million and 
million, respectively, as calculated in the following table (in thousands): 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 

Series
 B Preferred Stock 

Gross Proceeds 

Less: 

Preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

() 
 
 Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Preferred stock subject to possible redemption 

During August 2022, the Company
received redemption notices for all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock was redeemed during August 2022 at 
of the 
stated value of the Preferred Stock, or 
million in the aggregate. 

F- 15 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to Katana. The costs associated with the cash payments were recorded to research and development expenses in the statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. Because the Katana intellectual property was acquired prior to U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) approval, the cash consideration totaling 
million, was expensed as research and development costs since there is no alternative future use and the acquired intellectual
property does not constitute a business. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Geneva Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Geneva has granted to Tonix an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents
related to the Katana Assets. Tonix is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop, manufacture, and sell products
claimed or covered by the patent and will use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop markets for such products. The Geneva
License Agreement specifies developmental milestones and the period of time during which such milestones must be completed and provides
for an annual maintenance fee payable to Geneva. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation
to this agreement. 

to Trigemina and issued to Trigemina 
shares of the Company s common stock, valued at 
per share, based on the closing stock price on June 11, 2020, and paid Stanford 
pursuant to the terms of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement. The common stock is unregistered and subject to a 12-month lock-up and
a Shareholder Voting Agreement, dated June 11, 2020, pursuant to which Trigemina and the Executive Shareholders have agreed to vote the
common stock on any matter put to a vote of the shareholders of the Company in accordance with management s recommendations. Both
the costs associated with the cash payments and share issuance, totaling 
million, were recorded to research and development expenses in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Because the Trigemina intellectual property was acquired prior to FDA approval, the cash and stock consideration, was expensed as research
and development costs since there is no alternative future use and the acquired intellectual property does not constitute a business. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Stanford has granted to Tonix an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents
related to the Trigemina Assets. Stanford has reserved for itself the right to practice under the patents for academic research and educational
purposes. Tonix is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop, manufacture, and sell products claimed or covered
by the patent and will use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop markets for such products. The Trigemina License Agreement
specifies developmental milestones and the period of time during which such milestones must be completed and provides for an annual maintenance
fee payable to Stanford. As of December 31, 2022, other than the annual maintenance fee, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid
in relation to this agreement. 

to TRImaran and has assumed certain liabilities of TRImaran totaling .
The 
was previously recorded to research and development expenses in the statement of operations. Upon the achievement of specified development,
regulatory and sales milestones, Tonix also agreed to pay TRImaran and the Selling Shareholders, in restricted stock or cash, at Our option,
a total of approximately 
million. Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, TRImaran and the Selling Shareholders are prohibited from disclosing
confidential information related to the Assets and are restricted from engaging, for a period of three years, in the development or commercialization
of any therapeutic containing any pyran-based drug compound for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity
disorder or major depressive disorder. Also for a period of three years, if TRImaran or any Selling Shareholder engage in the research
or development of any potential therapeutic compound for the treatment of any central nervous system disorder, TRImaran or such Selling
Shareholder is obliged to provide notice and opportunity to Tonix to make an offer to acquire or license rights with respect to such product
candidate. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
WSU License Agreement, WSU has granted to Tonix an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents, technical information
and material (collectively, the Technology related to the Assets. WSU has reserved for itself the right to practice the
Technology for academic research and educational purposes. Tonix is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain regulatory
approval for one or more products utilizing the Technology WSU Products and to use commercially reasonable marketing efforts
throughout the term of the WSU License Agreement. The WSU License Agreement specifies developmental milestones and the period of time
during which such milestones must be completed and provides for an annual maintenance fee payable to WSU. Tonix is obligated to substantially
manufacture WSU Products in the United States if WSU Products will be sold in the United States. 

Pursuant to the WSU License
Agreement, Tonix paid 
to WSU as reimbursement of certain patent expenses, and, upon the achievement of specified development, regulatory and sales milestones,
the Company also agreed to pay WSU, milestone payments totaling approximately 
million. Tonix has also agreed to pay WSU single-digit royalties on net sales of WSU Products sold by Tonix or a sublicensee on
a tiered basis based on net sales, and additional sublicense fees on certain consideration received from sublicensees. Royalties on each
particular WSU Product are payable on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis until the date of expiration of the last valid
claim in the last to expire of the issued patents covered by the WSU License Agreement. Royalties payable on net sales of WSU Products
may be reduced by 
of the royalties payable by Tonix to any third party for intellectual property rights which are necessary for the practice of the rights
licensed to Tonix under the WSU License Agreement, provided that the royalty payable on a WSU Product may not be reduced by more than
 .
Each party also has the right to terminate the agreement for customary reasons such as material breach and bankruptcy. The WSU License
Agreement contains provisions relating to termination, indemnification, confidentiality and other customary matters for an agreement of
this kind. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

million to Curia. The License Agreement also provides for single-digit royalties and contingent milestone payments. As of
December 31, 2022, other than the upfront fee, no payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

shares of the Company s common stock. The shares were valued at .0
million, which was recorded as research and development expense. The OyaGen License also provided for single-digit royalties and contingent
milestone payments. In July 2022, the Company notified OyaGen of its intent to terminate the OyaGen License Agreement, and the agreement
was terminated effective September 20, 2022. 

million, as well royalties on net sales of products based on the licensed technology, and assignment/transfer and sublicense
royalties. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

The Company is obligated to
pay Columbia single-digit royalties on net sales of (i) TFF2 Products sold by Tonix or a sublicensee and (ii) any other products that
involve material or technical information related to the TFF2 Product and transferred to Tonix pursuant to the Columbia License Agreement Other Products sold by Tonix or a sublicensee. Royalties on each particular TFF2 Product are payable on a country-by-country
and Product-by-Product basis until the latest of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid claim in the last to expire of the issued
patents covered by the Columbia License Agreement, and (ii) a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of a TFF2 Product
in the country in question. Royalties on each particular Other Product are payable on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis
until a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of such particular Other Product in such country. Royalties payable on
net sales of the TFF2 Product and Other Products may be reduced by 
of the royalties payable by Tonix to any third party for intellectual property rights which are necessary for the practice of the rights
licensed to Tonix under the Columbia License Agreement, provided that the royalty payable on a Product or Other Product may not be reduced
by more than . 

The Company is also
obligated to make contingent milestone payments to Columbia totaling 
million on a Product-by-Product basis upon the achievement of certain development, approval and sales milestones related to a
TFF2 Product. In addition, the Company shall pay Columbia 
of consideration, other than royalty payments and certain other categories of consideration, payable to the Company by a
sublicensee. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

On May 20, 2019, the Company
entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the License Agreement with Columbia pursuant to which Columbia, for itself
and on behalf of the University of Kentucky and the University of Michigan (collectively, the Institutions granted to the
Company an exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, certain patents, technical information and material (collectively, the Technology related to a double-mutant cocaine esterase, and to develop and commercialize products thereunder (each, a Product ). Pursuant
to the terms of the License Agreement, Columbia has reserved for itself and the Institutions the right to practice the Technology for
academic research and educational purposes. 

The Company paid a six-digit
license fee to Columbia as consideration for entering into the License Agreement. The Company is obligated to use Commercially Reasonable
Efforts, as defined in the License Agreement, to develop and commercialize the Product, and to achieve specified developmental milestones. 

The Company agreed to pay
Columbia single-digit royalties on net sales of (i) Products sold by the Company or a sublicensee and (ii) any other products that involve
material or technical information related to the Product and transferred to the Company pursuant to the License Agreement Other
Products sold by the Company or a sublicensee. Royalties on each particular Product are payable on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product
basis until the latest of (i) the date of expiration of the last valid claim in the last to expire of the issued patents covered by the
License Agreement, (ii) a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of a Product in the country in question, or (iii) expiration
of any market exclusivity period granted by a regulatory agency. Royalties on each particular Other Product are payable on a country-by-country
and product-by-product basis until the later of (i) a specified period of time after the first commercial sale of such particular Other
Product in such country or (ii) expiration of any market exclusivity period granted by a regulatory agency. Royalties payable on net sales
of the Product and Other Products may be reduced by 
of the royalties payable by the Company to any third party for intellectual property rights which are necessary for the practice of the
rights licensed to the Company under the License Agreement, provided that the royalty payable on a Product or Other Product may not be
reduced by more than . 

The Company is also
obligated to make contingent milestone payments to Columbia totaling million
on a Product-by-Product basis upon the achievement of certain development, approval and sales milestones related to a Product. In
addition, the Company shall pay Columbia 
of consideration, other than royalty payments and certain other categories of consideration, payable to the Company by a
sublicensee. As of December 31, 2022, no milestone payments have been accrued or paid in relation to this agreement. 

of the Company s common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time during the term of the 2022 Purchase Agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement to register for
resale under the Securities Act the shares that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the 2022 Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
2022 Purchase Agreement, at the time the Company signed the 2022 Purchase Agreement and the 2022 Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
issued 
shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of the Company s common stock under
the 2022 Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were valued at 
and recorded as an addition to equity for the issuance of the common stock and treated as a reduction to equity as a cost of capital to
be raised under the 2022 Purchase Agreement. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company sold .0
million shares of common stock under the 2022 Purchase Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately million. 

Subsequent to December
31, 2022, the Company sold 
million shares of common stock under the 2022 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park for net proceeds of approximately 
million. 

Purchase
Agreement with Lincoln Park 

On December 3, 2021, the Company
entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park and a registration rights agreement (the Lincoln
Park Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ). Pursuant to the terms of
the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, Lincoln Park agreed to purchase from the Company up to 
of the Company s common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time during the term of the Purchase Agreement with
Lincoln Park. Pursuant to the terms of the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement
to register for resale under the Securities Act the shares that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, at the time the Company signed the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park and the Lincoln Park Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park. The commitment shares were valued at 
million and recorded as an addition to equity for the issuance of the common stock and treated as a reduction to equity as a cost
of capital to be raised under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company sold 
million shares of common stock under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, for net proceeds of approximately 
million. 

Under applicable rules of
the NASDAQ Global Market, the Company could not issue or sell more than 
of the shares of its common stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park (approximately
 
million shares) to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park without stockholder approval, unless the average
price of all applicable sales of its common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park equals or exceeds a threshold
amount. As the Company has issued approximately 
million shares to Lincoln Park, by December 31, 2022, under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park at less than the threshold
amount, the Company will not sell any additional shares under the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park without shareholder approval. 

2021
Lincoln Park Transaction 

On May 14, 2021, the Company
entered into a purchase agreement (the 2021 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the 2021 Registration
Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Purchase
Agreement, Lincoln Park agreed to purchase from the Company up to 
of the Company s common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time during the term of the 2021 Purchase Agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement to register for
resale under the Securities Act the shares that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
2021 Purchase Agreement, at the time the Company signed the 2021 Purchase Agreement and the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
issued 
shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the 2021 Purchase
Agreement. The commitment shares were valued at 
million and recorded as an addition to equity for the issuance of the common stock and treated as a reduction to equity as a cost
of capital to be raised under the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of approximately .0
million shares of common stock under the 2021 Purchase Agreement, for gross proceeds of approximately 
million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no shares of common stock were sold under the 2021 Purchase Agreement. 

Under applicable rules of
the NASDAQ Global Market, the Company could not issue or sell more than 
of the shares of its common stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the 2021 Purchase Agreement (approximately .0
million shares) to Lincoln Park under the 2021 Purchase Agreement without stockholder approval, unless the average price of all applicable
sales of its common stock to Lincoln Park under the 20121 Purchase Agreement equals or exceeds a threshold amount. As the Company has
issued approximately .0
million shares to Lincoln Park under the 2021 Purchase Agreement, at less than the threshold amount, the Company will not sell any additional
shares under the 2021 Purchase Agreement without shareholder approval. 

February
2021 Financing 

On February 8, 2021, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors relating to the issuance and sale of 
million shares of its common stock, in a registered direct public offering (the February 2021 Financing ), with A.G.P/Alliance
Global Partners AGP ), acting as placement agent. The public offering price for each share of common stock was .
The February 2021 Financing closed on February 9, 2021. AGP received a cash fee of 
of the gross proceeds, for an aggregate amount of 
million. The Company incurred other offering expenses of approximately 
million. The Company received net proceeds of approximately .0
million, after deducting the fees and other offering expenses. 

January
2021 Financing 

On January 11, 2021, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors relating to the issuance and sale of 
million shares of its common stock in a registered direct public offering (the January 2021 Financing ), with AGP as placement
agent. The public offering price for each share of common stock was .
The January 2021 Financing closed on January 13, 2021. AGP received a cash fee of 
of the gross proceeds, for an aggregate of 
million. The Company incurred other offering expenses of approximately 
million. The Company received net proceeds of approximately 
million, after deducting the fees and other offering expenses. 

At-the-Market Offerings 

On April 8, 2020, the
Company entered into a sales agreement (the Sales Agreement with AGP pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell,
from time to time, shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to .0
million in at-the-market offerings ATM sales. AGP will act as sales agent and will be paid a 
commission on each sale under the Sales Agreement. The Company s common stock will be sold at prevailing market prices at the time
of the sale, and, as a result, prices will vary. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold approximately 
million shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately 
million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold approximately 
million shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately 
million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company has sold 
million shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement, for net proceeds of approximately 
million. 

shares of common stock. With the adoption of the 2020 Plan (as defined below), no further grants may be made under the 2019 Plan. On January
16, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020
Plan ). The 2020 Plan provided for the issuance of up to 
shares of common stock. With the adoption of the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan (as defined below), no further grants may be made under
the 2020 Plan. 

On May 1, 2020, the Company s
stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Amended and Restated
2020 Plan ), and together with the 2020 Plan and the 2019 Plan, the Plans ). 

Under the terms of the Amended
and Restated 2020 Plan, the Company may issue (1) stock options (incentive and nonstatutory), (2) restricted stock, (3) stock appreciation
rights SARs ), (4) RSUs, (5) other stock-based awards, and (6) cash-based awards. The Amended and Restated 2020 Plan initially
provided for the issuance of up to 
 shares of common stock, which amount will be increased to the extent that awards granted under the Plans are forfeited, expire
or are settled for cash (except as otherwise provided in the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan). In addition, the Amended and Restated 2020
Plan contains an evergreen provision providing for an annual increase in the number of shares of our common stock available
for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan on January 1 of each year for a period of ten years, commencing on January 1, 2021
and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, in an amount equal to the difference between (x) twenty percent of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, and (y) the total number of
shares of common stock reserved under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan on December 31 st of such preceding calendar year
(including shares subject to outstanding awards, issued pursuant to awards or available for future awards). The Board of Directors determines
the exercise price, vesting and expiration period of the grants under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan. However, the exercise price
of an incentive stock option may not be less than 
of fair value of the common stock at the date of the grant for a 10 or more shareholder and 
of fair value for a grantee who is not a 10 shareholder. The fair value of the common stock is determined based on quoted market price
or in absence of such quoted market price, by the Board of Directors in good faith. Additionally, the expiration period of grants under
the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan may not be more than . As of December 31, 2022, 
 options were available for future grants under the Amended and Restated 2020 Plan. 

Grants 

Exercised 

Forfeitures or expirations 

) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Grants 

Exercised 

Forfeitures or expirations 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value
in the preceding table represents the total pretax intrinsic value, based on options with an exercise price less than the Company s
closing stock price at the respective dates. 

The weighted average grant
date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 
and 
per share, respectively. 

The Company measures the
fair value of stock options on the date of grant, based on the Black Scholes option pricing model using certain assumptions
discussed below, and the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. The fair value of the
award is measured on the grant date. One-third of
most stock options granted pursuant to the Plans vest 12 months from the date of grant and 1/36 th each
month thereafter for 24 months and expire from the date of grant. In addition, the Company issues options to directors which vest over a one-year period. The Company also issues premium options to executive officers which have an exercise price greater than the grant
date fair value and has issued performance-based options which vest when target parameters are met or probable of being met, subject
in each case to a minimum service period prior to vesting. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards is amortized over the
applicable service period using the straight-line method. 

to 

to 

Expected term of option 

to 
 years 

to 
 years 

Expected stock price volatility 

- 

to 

Expected dividend yield 

The risk-free interest rate
is based on the yield of Daily U.S. Treasury Yield Curve Rates with terms equal to the expected term of the options as of the grant date. The
expected term of options is determined using the simplified method, as provided in an SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin, and the expected
stock price volatility is based on the Company historical stock price volatility. 

Stock-based compensation expense
relating to options granted of 
million, of which 
million and .0
million, related to General and Administration and Research and Development, respectively was recognized for the year ended December 31,
2022. Stock-based compensation expense relating to options granted of 
million, of which 
million and 
million, related to General and Administration and Research and Development, respectively was recognized for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had approximately 
million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested awards granted under the Plans, which the Company expects to recognize
over a weighted average period of 
years. 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plans 

On May 3, 2019, the Company s
stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holdings Corp. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2019 ESPP ). As a result
of adoption of the 2020 ESPP, as defined below, by the stockholders, no further grants may be made under the 2019 ESPP Plan. On May 1,
2020, the Company s stockholders approved the Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holdings Corp. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020
ESPP ). No further grants may be made under the 2020 ESPP Plan. On May 6, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the Tonix
Pharmaceuticals Holdings Corp. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2022 ESPP , and together with the 2019 ESPP and the
2020 ESPP, the ESPP Plans )). 

The 2022 ESPP allows eligible
employees to purchase up to an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock. Under the 2022 ESPP, on the first day of each offering period, each eligible employee for that offering
period has the option to enroll for that offering period, which allows the eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at the end of the offering period. Each offering period under the 2022 ESPP is for six months, which can be modified from
time-to-time. Subject to limitations, each participant will be permitted to purchase a number of shares determined by dividing the employee s
accumulated payroll deductions for the offering period by the applicable purchase price, which is equal to 
percent of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning or end of each offering period, whichever is less. A participant
must designate in his or her enrollment package the percentage (if any) of compensation to be deducted during that offering period for
the purchase of stock under the 2022 ESPP, subject to the statutory limit under the Code. As of December 31, 2022, 
shares were available for future sales under the 2022 ESPP. 

The 2022 and 2020 ESPP
are considered compensatory plans with the related compensation cost expensed over the six-month offering period. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, 
and ,
respectively were expensed. In January 2021, 
shares that were purchased as of December 31, 2020, under the 2020 ESPP, were issued. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2021, approximately
 
of employee payroll deductions accumulated at December 31, 2020, related to acquiring such shares, was transferred from accrued expenses
to additional paid in capital. The remaining 
was returned to the employees. In January 2022, 
shares that were purchased as of December 31, 2021, under the 2020 ESPP, were issued. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2022, approximately
 
of employee payroll deductions accumulated at December 31, 2021, related to acquiring such shares, was transferred from accrued expenses
to additional paid in capital. The remaining 
was returned to the employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 
of employee payroll deductions have accumulated and have been recorded in accrued expenses. In January 2023, 
shares that were purchased as of December 31, 2022, under the 2022 ESPP, were issued. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2023, approximately
 
of employee payroll deductions accumulated at December 31, 2023, related to acquiring such shares, was transferred from accrued expenses
to additional paid in capital. The remaining 
was returned to the employees. 

No warrants were exercised
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, 
warrants from the February 2020 Financing, with an exercise price of ,
were exercised for proceeds of approximately . 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, 
and 
warrants with a per share exercise price of 
and ,
respectively, expired. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Included interest 

() 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company entered into new operating leases and lease amendments, resulting in the Company recognizing an additional operating
lease liability of approximately 
based on the present value of the minimum rental payments. The Company also recognized a corresponding increase to ROU assets of approximately
 ,
which represents a non-cash investing and financing activity. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company entered into lease amendments, resulting in the Company recognizing an operating lease liability of approximately
 
based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments. The Company also recognized corresponding ROU assets of approximately
 . 

Operating lease expense was
 
million for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 

years 

years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

million at December 31, 2022 for future work to be performed. 

The Company entered into a
construction contract with outstanding commitments aggregating approximately .0
million at December 31, 2022 for future work to be performed. 

Defined
contribution plan 

The Company has a qualified
defined contribution plan (the 401(k) Plan pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Code, whereby all eligible employees may participate.
Participants may elect to defer a percentage of their annual pretax compensation to the 401(k) Plan, subject to defined limitations. The
Company is required to make contributions to the 401(k) Plan equal to 
percent of each participant s pretax contributions of up to 
percent of his or her eligible compensation, and the Company is also required to make a contribution equal to 
percent of each participant s salary, on an annual basis, subject to limitations under the Code. The Company charged operations
 
million and 
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for contributions under the 401(k) Plan. 

F- 22 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

() 
 
 Domestic 

() 

() 
 
 Total 

() 

() 

In 2022, the foreign losses
are primarily comprised of 
million related to the Irish operations and 
million related to the Bermudan operations of Tonix International Holding. In 2021, the foreign losses were primarily comprised
of 
million related to the Bermudan operations of Tonix International Holding. 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Foreign loss not subject to income tax 

Attribute reduction from control change 

() 
 
 Other 

Income Tax Provision 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Total deferred assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company has incurred research
and development R D expenses, a portion of which qualifies for tax credits. The Company conducted an R D credit
study to quantify the amount of credits and has claimed an R D credit on its 2014-2017 tax returns. A portion of these R D credit
carryforwards are subject to annual limitations in their use in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Code IRC section
383. The R D credit carryforwards at December 31, 2022 have been reduced to .0
million to reflect IRC section 383 ownership changes through December 31, 2022 and the resulting inability to utilize a portion of the
R D credit prior to its expiration. 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company has 
 million of Ireland net operating loss NOL carryforwards that do not expire. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's
Federal NOL carryforwards of 
 million, which do
not expire, but their utilization is limited to of taxable income. Additionally, the Company has New Jersey NOL carryforwards
of 
 million and Massachusetts NOL carryforwards of 
 million, which both . The NOL carryforwards at December 31, 2022 have been reduced to reflect IRC section 382 ownership changes through December
31, 2022 and the resultant inability due to annual limitations, to utilize a portion of the NOL prior to its expiration. 

Management assesses the available
positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets.
A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred over the three-year period ended December
31, 2022. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence such as our projections for future growth.
As such, the Company has determined that it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized and accordingly,
has provided a full valuation allowance against its gross deferred tax assets. The increase in the valuation allowance for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 
million, and 
million respectively. 

The Company recognizes interest
accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties as income tax expense. However, as of December 31, 2022 there are no unrecognized
tax benefits recorded. The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various states and foreign jurisdictions. As of December
31, 2022, the Company s tax returns remain open and subject to examination by the tax authorities for the tax years 2019 and after. 

F- 23 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of its shares of common stock outstanding under its million
s hare repurchase program at prices ranging from to
 
per share for a gross aggregate cost of approximately 
million. 

In
January 2023, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase
program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to 
million in value of its outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions
subject to market conditions, share price and other factors. Since January 1, 2023, the
Company has repurchased of
its shares of common stock outstanding under the new share repurchase program at 
per share for a gross aggregate cost of 
million. 

The
timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined based on the Company s
evaluation of market conditions and other factors and the New Share Repurchase Program may
be discontinued or suspended at any time. Repurchases will be made in accordance
with the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and certain other legal requirements to which the
Company may be subject. Repurchases may be made, in part, under a Rule 10b5-1 plan,
which allows stock repurchases when the Company might otherwise be precluded from
doing so. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for
continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market because the Company s shares had a closing bid price at or above 
per share for a minimum of 
consecutive business days, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On
February 2, 2023, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Healion
Bio Inc., pursuant to which the Company acquired all the pre-clinical infectious disease assets
of Healion, including its portfolio of next-generation antiviral technology assets. Healion s drug portfolio includes a class of
broad-spectrum small molecule oral antiviral drug candidates with a novel host-directed mechanism of action, including TNX-3900, formerly
known as HB-121. As consideration for entering into the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company paid 
million to Healion. Because the Healion intellectual property was acquired prior to FDA approval, the cash consideration totaling
 
million, is expected to be expensed as research and development costs since there is no alternative future use and the acquired
intellectual property does not constitute a business. 

On February 13, 2023, the
Company announced that it exercised an option to obtain an exclusive license from Columbia for the development of a portfolio of both
fully human and murine mAbs for the treatment or prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection, including the Company s TNX-3600 and TNX-4100
product candidates, respectively. The licensed mAbs were developed as part of a research collaboration and option agreement between the
Company and Columbia. 

On February 23, 2023, the
Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of the Company s common stock to employees with an exercise price of ,
with a term of , vesting 1/3
 on the first anniversary and 1/36 th
 each month thereafter for 24 months. Additionally, the Company granted options to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock to certain employees with an exercise price of ,
with a term of , vesting 1/3
 on the first anniversary and 1/36 th
 each month thereafter for 24 months. 

Subsequent to December 31,
2022, the Company sold 
million shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement with AGP for net proceeds of approximately 
million. 

Subsequent to December 31,
2022, the Company sold 
million shares of common stock under the 2022 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park for net proceeds of approximately 
million. 

F- 24 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 9A 
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures. 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their
costs. 

Based on management s
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting. 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s report on internal control
over financial reporting. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the our board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
 permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
 of the company are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
 acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible enhancements to controls and procedures. 

We conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer conclude that, at December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report by EisnerAmper LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual
report. 

ITEM 9B 
OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C 
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable 

70 

PART
III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board of Directors elects
our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director shall
be elected for the term of one year and until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal. Our
directors and executive officers are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 CURRENT POSITION 

Seth Lederman 
 
 65 
 
 President, CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Richard Bagger 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Margaret Smith Bell 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 David Grange 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Adeoye Olukotun 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 
 Carolyn Taylor 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 James Treco 
 
 67 
 
 Lead Director 
 
 Jessica Morris 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Bradley Saenger 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Gregory Sullivan 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Medical Officer and Secretary 

The following information
with respect to the principal occupation or employment of each nominee for director, the principal business of the corporation or other
organization in which such occupation or employment is carried on, and such nominee s business experience during the past five years,
as well as the specific experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills that have led the Board to determine that such Board members
should serve on our Board, has been furnished to the Company by the respective director nominees: 

Seth Lederman, MD became our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and
a Director in October 2011. Dr. Lederman founded Tonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of us Tonix Sub in 2007 and has acted as its Chairman of the Board of Directors since its inception and as President since 2010. Dr. Lederman is an inventor
on key patents and patent applications underlying our programs including: TNX-102 SL s eutectic composition; and TNX-102 SL s
pharmacokinetic profile and related therapeutic properties. Dr. Lederman served as an Associate Professor at Columbia University, between
1996 and 2017. As an Assistant Professor at Columbia, Dr. Lederman discovered and characterized the CD40-ligand, or CD154 and invented
therapeutic candidates to treat autoimmune diseases and transplant rejection. TNX-1500 is a mAb directed against CD154 invented by Dr.
Lederman. Dr. Lederman has been a Manager of L L Technologies LLC, or L L, since 1996. In addition, Dr. Lederman has been the
Managing Member of Seth Lederman Co, LLC since 2007 and the Managing Member of Lederman Co, LLC, or Lederman Co, since 2002,
both of which are biopharmaceutical consulting and investing companies. Dr. Lederman has also been the Managing Member of Targent Pharmaceuticals,
LLC, or Targent, since 2000, and Managing Member of Plumbline LLC since 2002. Targent was a founder of Targent Pharmaceuticals Inc. on
which Board of Directors Dr. Lederman served from inception in 2001 until the sale of its assets to Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc. in 2006.
Between January 2007 and November 2008, Dr. Lederman was a Managing Partner of Konanda Pharma Partners, LLC, a Director of Konanda Pharma
Fund I, LP, and a Managing Partner of Konanda General Partner, LLC, which were related private growth equity fund entities. As well, between
2007 and 2008, Dr. Lederman was Chairman of Validus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Fontus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which were portfolio companies
of the Konanda private growth equity funds. Since 2011, Dr. Lederman has served as CEO and Chairman of Leder Laboratories Inc., or Leder
Labs, and Starling Pharmaceuticals Inc., or Starling, which are biopharmaceutical development companies. Dr. Lederman was the chairman
of Leder Laboratories, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Leder Laboratories Inc., between 2013 and 2018, when the entity was dissolved.
In 2015, Dr. Lederman served as a member of the US Japan Business Council. Between 2006 and 2011, Dr. Lederman was a director
of Research Corporation, a New York-based non-profit organization. Dr. Lederman received his BA degree in Chemistry from Princeton University
in 1979 and his MD from Columbia University in 1983. Dr. Lederman s significant experience with our patent portfolio and his experience
as an entrepreneur, seed capital investor, fund manager, and director of start-up biopharmaceutical companies were instrumental in his
selection as a member of the Board. 

Richard Bagger became
a Director in June 2020. Mr. Bagger has been a Partner and Executive Director of Christie 55 Solutions, LLC, a New Jersey based consulting
firm, since January 2020. Mr. Bagger has also been an Adjunct Faculty member at the Rutgers University Eagleton Institute since 2018.
From 2012 through 2019, Mr. Bagger was Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Market Access for Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:
CELG), a global biopharmaceutical company, as well as a member of its Executive Committee. From 1993 to 2010, Mr. Bagger held roles of
increasing responsibility with Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), a global pharmaceutical company, and served as Senior Vice President, Worldwide
Public Affairs and Policy, from 2006 to 2009. Prior to joining Pfizer, Mr. Bagger was Assistant General Counsel of Blue Cross and Blue
Shield of New Jersey, a health insurer, and practiced law with the law firm of McCarter English. Mr. Bagger served as Board Chair
of the National Pharmaceutical Council for 2019 and is a member of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. He is also
on the advisory board for the Lerner Center for the Study of Pharmaceutical Management Issues at Rutgers University Business School.
Mr. Bagger received an A.B. degree from Princeton University s School of Public and International Affairs and a J.D. degree from
Rutgers University Law School. Mr. Bagger s extensive healthcare and public policy experience were instrumental in his selection
as a member of the Board. 

Margaret Smith Bell 
became a Director in September 2017. Ms. Bell has been retired for the last ten years. Previously, Ms. Bell was a Vice President at Standard
Life Investments where she was a portfolio manager and health care equity analyst. Ms. Bell was also a Managing Director at Putnam Investments,
and served as a senior health care analyst and a portfolio manager of the Putnam Health Sciences Trust. Ms. Bell was an analyst and vice
president at State Street Research and a research analyst at Alex. Brown Sons, Inc. Ms. Bell is a past member of the Board of Overseers
at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Ms. Bell holds a B.A. from Wesleyan University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the
University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Bell s extensive healthcare and investment banking experience were instrumental in her selection
as a member of the Board. 

Major General David Grange
(U.S. Army retired) became a director in February 2018. MG Grange has been President and founder of Osprey Global Solutions,
LLC OGS ), a Service Disabled Veterans Organization, since 2011. MG Grange was Chief Executive Officer of Pharm-Olam International,
Ltd. Pharm-Olam ), a contract research organization, from April 2017 to October 2019. Prior to founding OGS, MG Grange
was a member of the Board of Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc. (Nasdaq: PPDI), a contract research organization, from 2003 to
2009, and Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2011. 

71 

Prior to PPDI he served
in the McCormick Tribune Foundation for 10 years most recently as Chief Executive Officer and President, where he also oversaw the
support of Veteran Programs. MG Grange served 30 years in the U.S. Army as a Ranger, Green Beret, Aviator, Infantryman and a member
of special operating units. At the Pentagon, he was Director of Army Current Operations, Readiness, and Mobilization. MG Grange
commanded the Ranger Regiment and the First Infantry Division (the Big Red One). MG Grange holds a master s degree in Public
Service from Western Kentucky University. MG Grange s extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry and service with the
U.S. military was instrumental in his selection as a member of our Board. 

Adeoye Olukotun, MD became
a Director in September 2018. Dr. Olukotun is a board member of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals. Dr Olukotun is a member of management of Genesis
Unicorn Corporation, a special acquisition company recently listed on Nasdaq (GENQU). Dr. Olukotun has been the Chief Executive Officer
of CR Strategies, LLC, a medical products consulting company, since 2000, and was the Chief Executive Officer of EpiGen Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a pharmaceutical company, from 2014 to January of 2018. Dr. Olukotun served as Vice Chairman of CardoVax, Inc., a pharmaceutical
company, from 2012 to 2016, and as its Chief Executive Officer from 2006 to 2012. He is also co-founder of VIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a pharmaceutical company, and served as the company s Chief Medical Officer from 2004 to 2008. Dr. Olukotun s extensive medical
background and experience in the pharmaceutical industry was instrumental in his selection as a member of our Board. 

Carolyn Taylor became
a Director in July 2021. Ms. Taylor was general counsel of Strike Protocols Inc., a financial technology company, from 2019 to 2020, and
held positions of varying responsibility, including partner, and most recently, of counsel, at the law firm of Covington Burling
LLP from 1989 to 2000 and 2004 to 2015. From 2000 to 2003, Ms. Taylor served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Longitude,
Inc., a financial services company. Ms. Taylor graduated from Columbia Law School and earned a B.A. from Brown University. Ms. Taylor s
broad transactional experience was instrumental in her selection as a member of the Board. 

James Treco became
a director in February 2019 and has been our Lead Director since March 2020. Mr. Treco has been a Managing Partner at First Chicago Advisors,
Inc., a boutique financial advisory firm where he advises executives and boards of directors of a wide range of companies, from global,
large-cap companies to emerging companies, from 2009 to 2012 and from 2014 to the present. From 2012 to 2013 Mr. Treco was an investment
banker with Gleacher Company, a company that previously operated an investment banking business, providing corporate and institutional
clients with strategic and financial advisory services. Mr. Treco held various positions of increasing responsibility at Salomon Brothers/Citigroup
from 1984 to 2008, where he used his extensive experience in the global capital markets to advise a wide range of clients. Mr. Treco holds
a B.A. from Yale University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Treco s extensive healthcare
and investment banking experience were instrumental in his selection as a member of the Board. 

Jessica Morris is
our Chief Operating Officer and has worked for the Company since April 2013, first as a consultant (April 2013 September 2013),
then as SVP of Finance (September 2013 October 2015), followed by Chief Administrative Officer (October 2015 January 2016),
Acting Chief Financial Officer (January 2016 February 2016), and Executive Vice President, Operations (February 2016 January
2018). Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Morris was a Vice President in investment management at Zhong Rong Group. Previously, Ms. Morris
was a Senior Associate in the Sponsor Finance Group at American Capital, a Vice President of the mezzanine debt fund at Calvert Street
Capital Partners, an Associate in the commercial finance department of Silicon Valley Bank, and a Financial Analyst in the investment
banking group at Deutsche Bank. Ms. Morris earned a B.S. in Commerce and a B.A. in Music from the University of Virginia, where she was
an Echols Scholar. 

Bradley Saenger, CPA became
our Chief Financial Officer in February 2016. Mr. Saenger has worked for us since May 2014, as the Director of Accounting (May 2014 
December 2015) and VP of Accounting (January 2016 February 2016). Between June 2013 and March 2014, Mr. Saenger worked for Shire
Pharmaceuticals as a consultant in the financial analyst research and development group. Since November 2015, Mr. Saenger has been a director
of Tonix Pharma Holdings Limited. Between February 2013 and May 2013, Mr. Saenger worked for Stewart Health Care System as a financial
consultant. Between October 2011 and December 2012, Mr. Saenger was an Associate Director of Accounting at Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Between January 2005 and September 2011, Mr. Saenger worked for Alere Inc., as a Manager of Corporate Accounting and Consolidations (2007
 2011) and Manager of Financial Reporting (2005 2006). Mr. Saenger also worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Shifren
Hirsowitz, public accountants and auditors in Johannesburg, South Africa, Investec Bank in Johannesburg, South Africa and Norman Sifris
and Company, public accountants and auditors in Johannesburg, South Africa. Mr. Saenger received his Bachelor s and Honors 
degrees in Accounting Science from the University of South Africa. Mr. Saenger is a Chartered Accountant in South Africa and a Certified
Public Accountant in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

Gregory Sullivan, MD became
our Chief Medical Officer on June 3, 2014 and our Secretary in March 2017. Prior to becoming our Chief Medical Officer, he served on our
Scientific Advisory Board since October 2010, and had also provided ad hoc consulting services. Previously, Dr. Sullivan
had been a member of the faculty of Columbia University since July 1999, where he served as an Assistant Professor of Psychiatry in the
Department of Psychiatry at Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC) until June 2014. Between June 1997 and August 2014, Dr. Sullivan
maintained a part-time psychiatry practice. He served as a Research Scientist at the New York State Psychiatric Institute (NYSPI) from
December 2006 to June 2014. He also served as a member of the Institutional Review Board of the NYSPI from January 2009 to June 2014.
As Principal Investigator and Co-Investigator on several human studies of PTSD, Dr. Sullivan has administered the recruitment, biological
assessments, treatment, and safety of participants with PTSD in clinical trials of the disorder. He has published more than 50 articles
and chapters on research topics ranging from stress and anxiety disorders to abnormal serotonin receptor expression in depression, PTSD
and panic disorder. He is a recipient of grants from the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), the Anxiety Disorders Association
of America, NARSAD, the Dana Foundation, and the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. Dr. Sullivan received a BA in Biology from
the University of California, Berkeley, and received his MD from the College of Physicians Surgeons at Columbia University. He completed
his residency training in psychiatry at CUMC, and then a two-year NIMH-sponsored research fellowship in anxiety and affective disorders
before joining the faculty at Columbia. 

Directors serve until the
next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board. 

72 

Board Independence 

The Board has determined that
(i) Seth Lederman has a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director and is not an independent director as defined in the Marketplace Rules of
The NASDAQ Stock Market and (ii) Richard Bagger, Margaret Smith Bell, David Grange, Adeoye Olukotun, Carolyn Taylor and James Treco are
each an independent director as defined in the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our CEO also serves as the
chairman of the Board. An independent director serves as the Board s lead director. This structure allows one person to speak
for and lead both the Company and the Board, while also providing for effective independent board oversight through an independent
lead director. Having Dr. Lederman, our CEO, serve as Chairman creates clear and unambiguous authority, which is essential to effective
management. Our Board and management can respond more effectively to a clearer line of authority. By designating our CEO as its Chairman,
our Board also sends as an important signal to our employees and shareholders about who is accountable. Further, since Dr. Lederman is
the founder of our Company and is an inventor on key patents and patent applications underlying our programs, we believe that Dr. Lederman
is best-positioned to set our Board s agenda and provide leadership. 

We have established the position
of lead director, which is filled by Mr. Treco. The lead director has the following responsibilities, as detailed in the Lead Director
charter, adopted by the Board (and also performs any other functions the Board may request): 

Board leadership provides leadership to the Board in any
 situation where the chairman s role may be, or may be perceived to be, in conflict, and also chairs meetings when the chairman
 is absent; 

Leadership of independent director meetings leads independent
 director meetings, which take place without any management directors or Tonix employees present; 

Additional meetings calls additional independent director
 meetings as needed; 

Chairman-independent director liaison regularly meets with
 the chairman and serves as liaison between the chairman and the independent directors; 

Stockholder communications makes himself available for direct
 communication with our stockholders; 

Board agenda, schedule information works with the
 chairman regarding meeting agendas, meeting schedules and information sent to directors for Board meetings, including the quality,
 quantity, appropriateness and timeliness of such information; and 

Advisors and consultants recommends to the Board the retention
 of outside advisors and consultants who report directly to the Board on Board-wide issues. 

Board Role in Risk Oversight 

Risk is an integral part of
the Board and Board committee deliberations throughout the year. While the Board has the ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk
management process, various committees of the Board also have responsibility for risk management. In particular, the Audit Committee focuses
on financial risk, including internal controls, and receives financial risk assessment reports from management. Risks related to the compensation
programs are reviewed by the Compensation Committee. The Board is advised by these committees of significant risks and management s
response through periodic updates. 

Stockholder Communications with the Board 

The Company s stockholders
may communicate with the Board, including non-executive directors or officers, by sending written communications addressed to such person
or persons in care of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp., Attention: Secretary, 26 Main Street, Suite 101, Chatham, New Jersey 07928.
All communications will be compiled by the Secretary and submitted to the addressee. If the Board modifies this process, the revised process
will be posted on the Company s website. 

Meetings and Committees of the Board 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, the Board held 10 meetings, the Audit Committee held eight meetings, the Compensation Committee held seven meetings
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings. The Board and Board committees also approved certain actions
by unanimous written consent. 

Board Committees 

The Board has standing Audit,
Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Information concerning the membership and function of each committee
is as follows: 

Board Committee Membership 

Name 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Compensation 
 Committee 
 
 Nominating and 
 Corporate Governance Committee 

Richard Bagger 

Margaret Smith Bell 

David Grange 

Adeoye Olukotun 

Carolyn Taylor 

James Treco 

73 

Member of Committee 

Chairman of Committee 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee
consists of James Treco, Chair of the Committee, Richard Bagger and Margaret Smith Bell. Our Board has determined each of the
members are independent as that term is defined under applicable SEC rules and under the current listing standards of
the NASDAQ Stock Market. Mr. Treco is our audit committee financial expert. 

Our Audit Committee s
responsibilities include: (i) reviewing the independence, qualifications, services, fees, and performance of the independent auditors,
(ii) appointing, replacing and discharging the independent auditor, (iii) pre-approving the professional services provided by the independent
auditor, (iv) reviewing the scope of the annual audit and reports and recommendations submitted by the independent auditor, and (v) reviewing
our financial reporting and accounting policies, including any significant changes, with management and the independent auditor. The Audit
Committee reviewed and discussed with management the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Compensation Committee 

Our Compensation Committee consists of Margaret Smith Bell, Chair of the
Committee, David Grange, Adeoye Olukotun and Carolyn Taylor. Our Board has determined that all of the members are independent 
under the current listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. Our Board has adopted a written charter setting forth the authority and
responsibilities of the Compensation Committee. 

Our Compensation Committee
has responsibility for, among other things, evaluating and making decisions regarding the compensation of our executive officers, assuring
that the executive officers are compensated effectively in a manner consistent with our stated compensation strategy, producing an annual
report on executive compensation in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and periodically evaluating and administering
the terms and administration of our incentive plans and benefit programs. In addition, our Compensation Committee reviews and makes recommendations
to the Board regarding incentive compensation plans that require shareholder approval, director compensation and the related executive compensation information for inclusion in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K and proxy statement, and employment and severance agreements relating to the chief executive officer. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Richard Bagger,
Chair of the Committee, David Grange and James Treco. The Board has determined that all of the members are independent under
the current listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee has responsibility for assisting the Board in, among other things, effecting the organization, membership and function
of the Board and its committees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and evaluates the qualifications of all
candidates for nomination for election as directors, and seeks director nominees that complement and enhance the effectiveness of the
existing Board to ensure that its members have varied and relevant backgrounds, skills, knowledge, perspectives and experiences. Our Board
currently includes two female directors and one director who contributes racial/ethnic diversity, and one who identifies as LGBTQ+. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is responsible for developing, recommending and evaluating corporate governance standards and a code of business
conduct and ethics. 

Nomination of Directors 

As provided in its charter
and our Company s corporate governance principles, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for identifying
individuals qualified to become directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to identify director candidates based
on input provided by a number of sources, including (1) the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members, (2) our other directors,
(3) our shareholders, (4) our Chief Executive Officer or Chairman, and (5) third parties such as professional search firms. In evaluating
potential candidates for director, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the entirety of each candidate s
credentials. 

Qualifications for consideration
as a director nominee may vary according to the particular areas of expertise being sought as a complement to the existing composition
of the Board. However, at a minimum, candidates for director must possess: 

high personal and professional ethics and integrity; 

the ability to exercise sound judgment; 

the ability to make independent analytical inquiries; 

a willingness and ability to devote adequate time and resources to diligently
 perform Board and committee duties; and 

the appropriate and relevant business experience and acumen. 

In addition to these minimum
qualifications, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also takes into account when considering whether to nominate a potential
director candidate the following factors: 

whether the person possesses specific industry expertise and familiarity with
 general issues affecting our business; 

whether the person s nomination and election would enable the Board to
 have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined by the SEC in Item 401 of Regulation
 S-K; 

whether the person would qualify as an independent director under
 the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

74 

the importance of continuity of the existing composition of the Board to provide
 long term stability and experienced oversight; and 

the importance of diversified Board membership, in terms of both the individuals
 involved and their various experiences and areas of expertise. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by shareholders provided such recommendations are submitted in accordance
with the procedures set forth below. In order to provide for an orderly and informed review and selection process for director candidates,
the Board has determined that shareholders who wish to recommend director candidates for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee must comply with the following: 

The recommendation must be made in writing to the Corporate Secretary at Tonix
 Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp.; 

The recommendation must include the candidate s name, home and business
 contact information, detailed biographical data and qualifications, information regarding any relationships between the candidate and
 the Company within the last three years and evidence of the recommending person s ownership of the Company s common stock; 

The recommendation shall also contain a statement from the recommending shareholder
 in support of the candidate; professional references, particularly within the context of those relevant to board membership, including
 issues of character, judgment, diversity, age, independence, expertise, corporate experience, length of service, other commitments and
 the like; and personal references; and 

A statement from the shareholder nominee indicating that such nominee wants
 to serve on the Board and could be considered independent under the Rules and Regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market and
 the SEC, as in effect at that time. 

All candidates submitted by
shareholders will be evaluated by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee according to the criteria discussed above and in the
same manner as all other director candidates. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except as disclosed below,
our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which
 such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal
 proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his
 involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities
 activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities
 and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law,
 and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative
 order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or
 state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or
 any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization
 that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation Philosophy and Practices 

We believe that the performance
of our executive officers significantly impacts our ability to achieve our corporate goals. We, therefore, place considerable importance
on the design and administration of our executive officer compensation program. This program is intended to enhance stockholder value
by attracting, motivating and retaining qualified individuals to perform at the highest levels and to contribute to our growth and success.
Our executive officer compensation program is designed to provide compensation opportunities that are tied to individual and corporate
performance. 

Our compensation packages
are also designed to be competitive in our industry. The Compensation Committee from time-to-time consults with compensation consultants,
legal counsel and other advisors in designing our compensation program, including in evaluating the competitiveness of individual compensation
packages and in relation to our corporate goals. 

75 

Our overall compensation philosophy
has been to pay our executive officers an annual base salary and to provide opportunities, through cash and equity incentives, to provide
higher compensation if certain key performance goals are satisfied. We believe that many of our key practices and programs demonstrate
good governance. The main principles of our fiscal year 2022 compensation strategy included the following: 

An emphasis on pay for performance . A significant portion
 of our executive officers total compensation is variable and at risk and tied directly to measurable performance, including pre-specified
 corporate, strategic or developmental goals, which aligns the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders; 

Performance results are linked to Company and individual performance .
 When looking at performance over the year, we equally weigh individual performance as well as that of the Company as a whole. Target
 annual compensation is positioned to allow for above-median compensation to be earned through an executive officer s and the Company s
 extraordinary performance; 

Equity as a key component to align the interests of our executives
 with those of our stockholders. Our Compensation Committee believes that keeping executives interests aligned with those of our
 stockholders is critical to driving toward achievement of long-term goals of both our stockholders and the Company. Accordingly, a significant
 portion of our executives compensation are stock based, including stock options that are exercisable at a percentage above market
 value at the time of grant; and 

Peer group positioning . While the Compensation Committee
 considers the level of compensation paid by the companies in our peer group as a reference point that provides a framework for its compensation
 decisions, in order to maintain competitiveness and flexibility, the Compensation Committee does not target compensation at a particular
 level relative to the peer group; nor does the Compensation Committee employ a formal benchmarking strategy or rely upon specific peer derived
 targets. 

In 2022, we also continued
practices that demonstrate good governance and careful stewardship of corporate assets, including: 

Limited personal benefits . Our executive officers are eligible
 for the same benefits as our non-executive salaried employees, and they do not receive any additional perquisites. 

No retirement benefits . We do not provide our executive officers
 with a traditional retirement plan, or with any supplemental deferred compensation or retirement benefits. 

No tax gross-ups . We do not provide our executive officers
 with any tax gross-ups. 

No single-trigger cash change in control benefits . We do
 not provide cash benefits to, or accelerate the vesting of unvested equity grants issued to, our executives upon a change in control,
 absent an actual termination of employment. 

At our annual meeting in May
2022, we conducted our tri-annual advisory vote on executive compensation, commonly referred to as a say-on-pay vote. At
that time, a majority of the votes affirmatively cast on the advisory say-on-pay proposal were voted in favor of the compensation of our
named executive officers. The Compensation Committee understood this level of approval to indicate strong stockholder support for our
executive compensation policies and programs generally, and as a result, our Compensation Committee made no fundamental changes to our
executive compensation programs. We will hold our next say-on-pay vote at the 2025 annual meeting. Our Compensation Committee and our
Board will consider shareholder feedback through the say-on-pay vote and remains committed to engaging with shareholders and are open
to feedback from shareholders. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table provides
certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer, and the two next most
highly paid executive officers for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Name Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards ) (1) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred Compensation 
 Earnings ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Seth Lederman 
 
 2022 

675,000 

355,000 

3,550,167 

4,580,167 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

675,000 

506,250 

6,527,139 

7,708,389 

Jessica Morris 
 
 2022 

455,175 

155,000 

781,037 

1,391,212 

Chief Operations Officer 
 
 2021 

425,000 

170,000 

1,174,885 

1,769,885 

Bradley Saenger 
 
 2022 

445,400 

152,000 

639,030 

1,236,430 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

425,000 

170,000 

1,174,885 

1,769,885 

Gregory Sullivan 
 
 2022 

461,120 

130,000 

887,541 

1,478,661 

Chief Medical Officer 
 
 2021 

440,000 

176,000 

1,631,785 

2,247,785 

(1) 
 
 Represents the aggregate grant date fair value
 of options granted in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic
 718, Stock Compensation. For the relevant assumptions used in determining these amounts, refer to Note 14 to our audited
 financial statements. 

76 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2022 

The following table provides information with regard
to each grant of plan-based award made to a named executive officer under any plan during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 

All Other Option Awards: 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) 

Exercise or 
 Base Price of Option Awards /Share) 

Grant Date Fair Value of 
 Stock and Option Awards ) (1) 

Seth Lederman 

2/15/2022 

156,250 

6.62 

931,630 

2/15/2022 

156,250 

13.24 
 (2) 

898,172 

2/15/2022 

156,250 

19.85 
 (3) 

870,904 

2/15/2022 

156,250 

26.47 
 (4) 

849,461 

Bradley Saenger 

2/15/2022 

28,125 

6.62 

167,693 

2/15/2022 

28,125 

13.24 
 (2) 

161,671 

2/15/2022 

28,125 

19.85 
 (3) 

156,763 

2/15/2022 

28,125 

26.47 
 (4) 

152,903 

Jessica Morris 

2/15/2022 

34,375 

6.62 

204,959 

2/15/2022 

34,375 

13.24 
 (2) 

197,598 

2/15/2022 

34,375 

19.85 
 (3) 

191,599 

2/15/2022 

34,375 

26.47 
 (4) 

186,882 

Gregory Sullivan 

2/15/2022 

39,063 

6.62 

232,907 

2/15/2022 

39,063 

13.24 
 (2) 

224,543 

2/15/2022 

39,063 

19.85 
 (3) 

217,726 

2/15/2022 

39,063 

26.47 
 (4) 

212,365 

(1) 
 Represents the aggregate
 grant date fair value of options granted in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents an exercise price at a 200 premium
 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents an exercise price at a 300 premium
 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents an exercise price at a 400 premium
 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The following table presents
information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Option Exercise 
 Price /Sh) 

Option Expiration 
 Date 

Seth Lederman 

3 

326,400.00 

2/12/2023 

3 

508,160.00 

2/11/2024 

4 

315,840.00 

6/17/2024 

4 

213,760.00 

10/29/2024 

6 

190,400.00 

2/25/2025 

1 

190,400.00 

2/25/2025 

4 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

4 
 (1) 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

5 

17,600.00 

3/1/2027 

49 

10,880.00 

2/13/2028 

49 

13,600.00 

2/13/2028 

73 

604.80 

2/26/2029 

73 

755.20 

2/26/2029 

406 

656.00 

5/6/2029 

406 

819.20 

5/6/2029 

3,549 

201 
 (2) 

12.80 

2/25/2030 

3,549 

201 
 (2) 

16.00 

2/25/2030 

53,827 

8,673 
 (3) 

24.64 

5/4/2030 

53,827 

8,673 
 (3) 

30.72 

5/4/2030 

57,295 

36,455 
 (4) 

39.04 

2/23/2031 

57,295 

36,455 
 (4) 

48.96 

2/23/2031 

156,250 
 (5) 

6.62 

2/15/2032 

156,250 
 (5) 

13.24 

2/15/2032 

156,250 
 (5) 

19.85 

2/15/2032 

156,250 
 (5) 

26.47 

2/15/2032 

77 

Jessica Morris 

1 

508,160.00 

2/11/2024 

1 

315,840.00 

6/17/2024 

1 

213,760.00 

10/29/2024 

1 

190,400.00 

2/25/2025 

1 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

1 
 (1) 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

3 

17,600.00 

3/1/2027 

13 

10,880.00 

2/13/2028 

13 

13,600.00 

2/13/2028 

17 

604.80 

2/26/2029 

17 

755.20 

2/26/2029 

91 

656.00 

5/6/2029 

91 

819.20 

5/6/2029 

712 

38 
 (2) 

12.80 

2/25/2030 

712 

38 
 (2) 

16.00 

2/25/2030 

9,688 

1,562 
 (3) 

24.64 

5/4/2030 

9,687 

1,563 
 (3) 

30.72 

5/4/2030 

10,315 

6,560 
 (4) 

39.04 

2/23/2031 

10,315 

6,560 
 (4) 

48.96 

2/23/2031 

34,375 
 (5) 

6.62 

2/15/2032 

34,375 
 (5) 

13.24 

2/15/2032 

34,375 
 (5) 

19.85 

2/15/2032 

34,375 
 (5) 

26.47 

2/15/2032 

Bradley Saenger 

1 

315,840.00 

6/17/2024 

1 

213,760.00 

10/29/2024 

1 

190,400.00 

2/25/2025 

1 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

2 
 (1) 

77,440.00 

5/27/2026 

1 

77,440.00 

5/27/2026 

2 

17,600.00 

3/1/2027 

13 

10,880.00 

2/13/2028 

13 

13,600.00 

2/13/2028 

17 

604.80 

2/26/2029 

17 

755.20 

2/26/2029 

91 

656.00 

5/6/2029 

91 

819.20 

5/6/2029 

712 

38 
 (2) 

12.80 

2/25/2030 

712 

38 
 (2) 

16.00 

2/25/2030 

9,688 

1,562 
 (3) 

24.64 

5/4/2030 

9,687 

1,563 
 (3) 

30.72 

5/4/2030 

10,315 

6,560 
 (4) 

39.04 

2/23/2031 

10,315 

6,560 
 (4) 

48.96 

2/23/2031 

28,125 
 (5) 

6.62 

2/15/2032 

28,125 
 (5) 

13.24 

2/15/2032 

28,125 
 (5) 

19.85 

2/15/2032 

28,125 
 (5) 

26.47 

2/15/2032 

Gregory Sullivan 

1 

315,840.00 

6/17/2024 

1 

213,760.00 

10/29/2024 

1 

190,400.00 

2/25/2025 

1 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

1 
 (1) 

160,960.00 

2/9/2026 

3 

17,600.00 

3/1/2027 

19 

10,880.00 

2/13/2028 

19 

13,600.00 

2/13/2028 

25 

604.80 

2/26/2029 

25 

755.20 

2/26/2029 

136 

656.00 

5/6/2029 

136 

819.20 

5/6/2029 

1,155 

64 
 (2) 

12.80 

2/25/2030 

1,154 

65 
 (2) 

16.00 

2/25/2030 

13,464 

2,161 
 (3) 

24.64 

5/4/2030 

13,464 

2,161 
 (3) 

30.72 

5/4/2030 

14,328 

9,110 
 (4) 

39.04 

2/23/2031 

14,328 

9,110 
 (4) 

48.96 

2/23/2031 

39,063 
 (5) 

6.62 

2/15/2032 

39,063 
 (5) 

13.24 

2/15/2032 

39,063 
 (5) 

19.85 

2/15/2032 

39,063 
 (5) 

26.47 

2/15/2032 

78 

(1) 
 The shares subject to this stock option vest 1/3rd upon the date(s)
 that certain stock price goals are achieved. The stock price goals are such date(s) when the Company s common stock has an average
 closing sales price equal to or exceeding each of 192,000.00, 224,000.00 and 256,000.00 per share for 20 consecutive trading days,
 subject to a one year minimum service period prior to vesting. 
 
 (2) 
 The shares subject to this stock option vested as to 1/3 of the shares on February
 25, 2021, with the remaining shares vesting on an equal monthly basis over the following 24 months. 
 
 (3) 
 The shares subject to this stock option vested as to 1/3 of the shares on May
 4, 2021, with the remaining shares vesting on an equal monthly basis over the following 24 months. 
 
 (4) 
 The shares subject to this stock option vested as to 1/3 of the shares on February
 23, 2022, with the remaining shares vesting on an equal monthly basis over the following 24 months. 
 
 (5) 
 The shares subject to this stock option vested as to 10 of the shares on February
 15, 2023, 10 of the shares on February 15, 2024, 40 of the shares on February 15, 2025 and 40 of the shares on February 15, 2026. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

No options were exercised by any of the named executive
officers and no named executive officers held restricted stock units during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides certain information
with respect to our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued
 upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (A) 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price
 of outstanding options, warrants and rights (B) 
 
 Number of securities remaining
 available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column A) (2) 
 (C) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

2,453,031 

28.93 

627,753 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

2,453,031 

28.93 

627,753 

(1) 
 Consists of the Company s 2012 Amended and Restated Incentive Stock Option Plan,
 the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2019
 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan and the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan, the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of shares available for future issuance under the Amended and Restated
 2020 Plan and our ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, 627,744 shares of common stock were available for issuance under the Amended and Restated
 2020 Plan and 9 shares of common stock were available for issuance under the ESPP. 

Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-In-Control
Arrangements 

Employment Agreement with Seth Lederman 

On February 11, 2014, the
Company entered into an employment agreement (the Lederman Agreement with Dr. Seth Lederman to continue to serve as our
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

The base salary for Dr. Lederman
under the Lederman Agreement was 425,000 per annum and as of January 1, 2023, the base salary is 675,000. The Lederman Agreement
has an initial term of one year and automatically renew for successive one year terms unless either party delivers written notice not
to renew at least 60 days prior to the end of the current term. 

Pursuant to the Lederman Agreement,
if the Company terminates Dr. Lederman s employment without Cause (as defined in the Lederman Agreement) or Dr. Lederman resigns
for Good Reason (as defined in the Lederman Agreement), Dr. Lederman is entitled to the following payments and benefits: (1) his
fully earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination at the rate then in effect, plus all other benefits, if any, under
any group retirement plan, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, equity award plan or agreement, health benefits plan or other group
benefit plan to which Dr. Lederman may be entitled to under the terms of such plans or agreements; (2) a lump sum cash payment in
an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination; (3) continuation
of health benefits for Dr. Lederman and his eligible dependents for a period of 12 months following the date of termination; and
(4) the automatic acceleration of the vesting and exercisability of outstanding unvested stock awards as to the number of stock awards
that would have vested over the 12-month period following termination had Dr, Lederman remained continuously employed by the Company during
such period. 

Pursuant to the Lederman Agreement,
if Dr. Lederman s employment is terminated as a result of death or permanent disability, Dr. Lederman or his estate, as applicable,
is entitled to the following payments and benefits: (1) his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination at
the rate then in effect; (2) a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to six months of his base salary as in effect immediately
prior to the date of termination; and (3) the automatic acceleration of the vesting and exercisability of outstanding unvested stock
awards. 

If Dr. Lederman is terminated
without Cause or resigns for Good Reason during the period commencing 90 days prior to a Change in Control (as defined below) or
12 months following a Change in Control, Dr. Lederman shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of the severance benefits described above,
the following payments and benefits: (1) a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to 36 months of his base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the date of termination, except that, if and while Dr. Dr. Lederman is still entitled to the Sale Bonus (as defined
below), it will only be 18 months; (2) continuation of health benefits for Dr. Lederman and his eligible dependents for a period
of 24 months following the date of termination, except that, if and while Dr. Lederman is still entitled to the Sale Bonus it will
only be 12 months; and (3) the automatic acceleration of the vesting and exercisability of outstanding unvested stock awards. 

79 

If during the term of the
Lederman Agreement or within 120 days after Dr. Lederman is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason, following a Change in
Control, the Company consummates a Change in Control transaction in which the Enterprise Value (as defined below) equals or exceeds 50
million, Dr. Lederman shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to 4.4 of the Enterprise Value (the Sale Bonus ). The
Sale Bonus provision of the Lederman Agreement will terminate upon the Company granting Dr. Lederman long-term incentive compensation
mutually agreed to by the Board and Dr. Lederman. 

For purposes of the Lederman
Agreement, Cause generally means (1) commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty or some other illegal
act that has a demonstrable material adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, (2) conviction of,
or entry into a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony, (3) unauthorized use or disclosure of the
Company s confidential information or trade secrets or any successor or affiliate of the Company that has, or may reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse impact on any such entity; (4) gross negligence, failure to follow a material, lawful and reasonable
request of the Board or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, or any
other demonstrable material willful misconduct by Dr. Lederman, (5) ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect
of his duties as required by his employment agreement, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 30 days following Dr. Lederman s
receipt of written notice from the Board stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect, provided that such failure
to perform is not as a result of illness, injury or medical incapacity, or (6) material breach of any Company policy or any material
provision of the Lederman Agreement. 

For purposes of the Lederman
Agreement, Good Reason generally means (1) a material diminution in Dr. Lederman s title, authority, duties or
responsibilities, (2) a material diminution in Dr. Lederman s base compensation, unless such a reduction is imposed across-the-board
to the Company s senior management, and such reduction is not greater than 15 , (3) a material change in the geographic location
at which Dr. Lederman must perform his duties, (4) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company
or any successor or affiliate of the Company s obligations to Dr. Lederman under the Lederman Agreement, or (5) the Company
elects not to renew the Lederman Agreement for another term. 

For purposes of the Lederman
Agreement, Change in Control generally means: 

A transaction or series of transactions (other than public offerings)
 that results in any person or entity or related group of persons or entities (other than the Company, its subsidiaries, an employee benefit
 plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a person or entity that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly
 controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under
 the Exchange Act) of more than 40 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after
 such acquisition; 

(1) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination
 or (2) the sale, exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series
 of transactions or (3) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 

which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding
 immediately before the transaction continuing to represent, directly or indirectly, at least 60 of the combined voting power of the successor
 entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 

after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities
 representing 40 or more of the combined voting power of the Company or its successor; provided, however, that no person or group is treated
 as beneficially owning 40 or more of combined voting power of the Company or its successor solely as a result of the voting power held
 in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

For purposes of the Lederman
Agreement, Enterprise Value generally means (1) in a Change in Control in which consideration is received by the Company,
the total cash and non-cash consideration, including debt assumed, received by the Company, net of any fees and expenses in connection
with the transaction and (2) in a Change in Control in which consideration is payable to the stockholders of the Company, the total cash
and non-cash consideration, including debt assumed, payable to the Company s stockholders net of any fees and expenses in connection
with the transaction. Enterprise Value also includes any cash or non-cash consideration payable to the Company or to the Company s
stockholders on a contingent, earnout or deferred basis. 

Employment Agreement with Gregory Sullivan 

On June 3, 2014, the Company
entered into an employment agreement (the Sullivan Agreement with Dr. Gregory Sullivan to serve as our Chief Medical Officer. The
base salary for Dr. Sullivan under the Sullivan Agreement was 225,000 per annum and as of January 1, 2023, the base salary is 480,000. The
Sullivan Agreement had an initial term of one year and automatically renews for successive one year terms unless either party delivers
written notice not to renew at least 60 days prior to the end of the current term. 

Pursuant to the Sullivan Agreement,
if the Company terminates Dr. Sullivan s employment without Cause (as defined below) or Executive resigns for Good Reason (as defined
below), Dr. Sullivan is entitled to the following payments and benefits: (1) his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the
date of termination at the rate then in effect, plus all other benefits, if any, under any group retirement plan, nonqualified deferred
compensation plan, equity award plan or agreement, health benefits plan or other group benefit plan to which Dr. Sullivan may be entitled
to under the terms of such plans or agreements; (2) a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary
as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination; (3) continuation of health benefits for Dr. Sullivan and his eligible
dependents for a period of 12 months following the date of termination; and (4) the automatic acceleration of the vesting and
exercisability of outstanding unvested stock awards as to the number of stock awards that would have vested over the 12-month period following
termination had Dr. Sullivan remained continuously employed by the Company during such period. 

80 

Pursuant to the Sullivan Agreement,
if Dr. Sullivan s employment is terminated as a result of death or permanent disability, Sullivan or his estate, as applicable,
is entitled to his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the end of the month in which termination occurs at the rate then in effect. 

For purposes of the Sullivan
Agreement, Cause generally means (1) commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty or some other illegal
act that has a demonstrable material adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, (2) conviction of,
or entry into a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony, (3) unauthorized use or disclosure of the
Company s confidential information or trade secrets or any successor or affiliate of the Company that has, or may reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse impact on any such entity, (4) gross negligence, failure to follow a material, lawful and reasonable
request of the Company or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, or any
other demonstrable material misconduct by Dr. Sullivan, (5) ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of his
duties as required by his employment agreement, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 30 days following Dr. Sullivan s
receipt of written notice from the Company stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect, or (6) material
breach of any Company policy or any material provision of the Sullivan Agreement. 

For purposes of the Sullivan
Agreement, Good Reason generally means (1) a material diminution in Dr. Sullivan s title, authority, duties or
responsibilities, (2) a material diminution in the executive officer s base compensation, unless such a reduction is imposed
across-the-board to the Company s senior management and such reduction is not greater than 15 , (3) a material change in the
geographic location at which the executive officer must perform his duties, (4) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material
breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company s obligations to Dr. Sullivan under the Agreement, or (5)
the Company elects not to renew the Agreement for another term. 

Employment Agreement with Bradley Saenger 

On February 23, 2021, the
Company entered into an employment agreement (the Saenger Agreement with Mr. Bradley Saenger to serve as our Chief Financial
Officer. The base salary for Saenger under the Saenger Agreement was 465,000 per annum as of January 1, 2023. The
Saenger Agreement has an initial term of one year and automatically renews for successive one year terms unless either party delivers
written notice not to renew at least 60 days prior to the end of the current term. 

Pursuant to the Saenger Agreement,
if the Company terminates Mr. Saenger s employment without Cause (as defined below) or Executive resigns for Good Reason (as defined
below), Saenger is entitled to the following payments and benefits: (1) his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the date
of termination at the rate then in effect, plus all other benefits, if any, under any group retirement plan, nonqualified deferred
compensation plan, equity award plan or agreement, health benefits plan or other group benefit plan to which Mr. Saenger may be entitled
to under the terms of such plans or agreements; (2) a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary
as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination; (3) continuation of health benefits for Mr. Saenger and his eligible dependents
for a period of 12 months following the date of termination; and (4) the automatic acceleration of the vesting and exercisability
of outstanding unvested stock awards as to the number of stock awards that would have vested over the 12-month period following termination
had Saenger remained continuously employed by the Company during such period. 

Pursuant to the Saenger Agreement,
if Mr. Saenger s employment is terminated as a result of death or permanent disability, Saenger or his estate, as applicable, is
entitled to his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the end of the month in which termination occurs at the rate then in effect. 

For purposes of the Saenger
Agreement, Cause generally means (1) commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty or some other illegal
act that has a demonstrable material adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, (2) conviction of,
or entry into a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony, (3) unauthorized use or disclosure of the
Company s confidential information or trade secrets or any successor or affiliate of the Company that has, or may reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse impact on any such entity, (4) gross negligence, failure to follow a material, lawful and reasonable
request of the Company or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, or any
other demonstrable material misconduct by Mr. Saenger, (5) ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of his duties
as required by his employment agreement, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 30 days following Mr. Saenger s receipt
of written notice from the Company stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect, or (6) material breach
of any Company policy or any material provision of the Saenger Agreement. 

For purposes of the Saenger
Agreement, Good Reason generally means (1) a material diminution in Mr. Saenger s title, authority, duties or
responsibilities, (2) a material diminution in the executive officer s base compensation, unless such a reduction is imposed
across-the-board to the Company s senior management and such reduction is not greater than 15 , (3) a material change in the
geographic location at which the executive officer must perform his duties, (4) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material
breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company s obligations to Mr. Saenger under the Agreement, or (5)
the Company elects not to renew the Agreement for another term. 

Employment Agreement with Jessica Morris 

On February 23, 2021, the
Company entered into an employment agreement (the Morris Agreement with Ms. Jessica Morris to serve as our Chief Operations
Officer. The base salary for Morris under the Morris Agreement was 475,000 per annum as of January 1, 2023. The
Morris Agreement has an initial term of one year and automatically renews for successive one year terms unless either party delivers written
notice not to renew at least 60 days prior to the end of the current term. 

Pursuant to the Morris Agreement,
if the Company terminates Ms. Morris s employment without Cause (as defined below) or Executive resigns for Good Reason (as defined
below), Morris is entitled to the following payments and benefits: (1) her fully earned but unpaid base salary through the date of
termination at the rate then in effect, plus all other benefits, if any, under any group retirement plan, nonqualified deferred compensation
plan, equity award plan or agreement, health benefits plan or other group benefit plan to which Ms. Morris may be entitled to under the
terms of such plans or agreements; (2) a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to 12 months of her base salary as in effect
immediately prior to the date of termination; (3) continuation of health benefits for Ms. Morris and her eligible dependents for
a period of 12 months following the date of termination; and (4) the automatic acceleration of the vesting and exercisability
of outstanding unvested stock awards as to the number of stock awards that would have vested over the 12-month period following termination
had Morris remained continuously employed by the Company during such period. 

81 

Pursuant to the Morris Agreement,
if Ms. Morris s employment is terminated as a result of death or permanent disability, Morris or her estate, as applicable, is entitled
to her fully earned but unpaid base salary through the end of the month in which termination occurs at the rate then in effect. 

For purposes of the Morris
Agreement, Cause generally means (1) commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty or some other illegal
act that has a demonstrable material adverse impact on the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, (2) conviction of,
or entry into a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony, (3) unauthorized use or disclosure of the
Company s confidential information or trade secrets or any successor or affiliate of the Company that has, or may reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse impact on any such entity, (4) gross negligence, failure to follow a material, lawful and reasonable
request of the Company or material violation of any duty of loyalty to the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company, or any
other demonstrable material misconduct by Ms. Morris, (5) ongoing and repeated failure or refusal to perform or neglect of her duties
as required by her employment agreement, which failure, refusal or neglect continues for 30 days following Ms. Morris s receipt
of written notice from the Company stating with specificity the nature of such failure, refusal or neglect, or (6) material breach
of any Company policy or any material provision of the Morris Agreement. 

For purposes of the Morris
Agreement, Good Reason generally means (1) a material diminution in Ms. Morris s title, authority, duties or
responsibilities, (2) a material diminution in the executive officer s base compensation, unless such a reduction is imposed
across-the-board to the Company s senior management and such reduction is not greater than 15 , (3) a material change in the
geographic location at which the executive officer must perform her duties, (4) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material
breach by the Company or any successor or affiliate of the Company s obligations to Ms. Morris under the Agreement, or (5)
the Company elects not to renew the Agreement for another term. 

Directors Compensation Table 

As of February 2023, each
of our non-employee directors, other than the lead director, receives an annual cash retainer of 55,000; the retainer for the lead director
is 70,000. In addition, during 2022, each of our non-employee directors received stock options to purchase shares of our common stock
valued at 250,000 as determined by the Black Scholes method on the date of grant, which vest on the next annual meeting of stockholders.
The following table sets forth summary information concerning the total compensation paid to our non-employee directors in 2022 for services
to our Company. 

Name 
 
 Cash 
 Compensation ) 

Option 
 Awards ) (1) 

Total ) 

Richard Bagger 

50,000 

250,000 

300,000 

Margaret Smith Bell 

50,000 

250,000 

300,000 

David Grange 

50,000 

250,000 

300,000 

Adeoye Olukotun 

50,000 

250,000 

300,000 

Carolyn Taylor 

50,000 

250,000 

300,000 

James Treco (2) 

70,000 

250,000 

320,000 

Total: 

320,000 

1,500,000 

1,820,000 

(1) 
 Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted in accordance
 with FASB ASC Topic 718. For the relevant assumptions used in determining these amounts, refer to Note 14 to our audited financial statements.
 These amounts do not necessarily correspond to the actual value that may be recognized from the stock option grant. 

(2) 
 Mr. Treco received additional cash compensation for serving as lead director. 

82 

ITEM 12- SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 13, 2023: 

by each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common
 stock; 

by each of our officers and directors; and 

by all of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated
in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person s address
is c/o Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp., 26 Main Street, Suite 101, Chatham, New Jersey 07928. 

NAME OF OWNER 
 
 TITLE OF
CLASS 
 
 NUMBER OF
SHARES OWNED (1) 

PERCENTAGE OF
COMMON STOCK (2) 

5 Stockholders 

Tang Capital Partners, LP 
 
 Common Stock 

4,280,916 
 (3) 

6.85 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Seth Lederman 
 
 Common Stock 

404,404 
 (4) 

Jessica Morris 
 
 Common Stock 

72,315 
 (5) 

Bradley Saenger 
 
 Common Stock 

68,622 
 (6) 

Gregory Sullivan 
 
 Common Stock 

97,937 
 (7) 

Richard Bagger 
 
 Common Stock 

77,538 
 (8) 

Margaret Smith Bell 
 
 Common Stock 

77,697 
 (9) 

David Grange 
 
 Common Stock 

77,524 
 (10) 

Adeoye Olukotun 
 
 Common Stock 

77,682 
 (11) 

Carolyn Taylor 
 
 Common Stock 

74,030 
 (12) 

James Treco 
 
 Common Stock 

79,187 
 (13) 

Officers and Directors as a Group (10 persons) 
 
 Common Stock 

1,106,936 
 (14) 

1.74 

Denotes less than 1 

(1) Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject
to options or warrants currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 13, 2023 are deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the
percentage of any other person. 

(2) Percentage based upon 62,539,497 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 13, 2023. 

(3) Based solely on information contained in a
Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022. The mailing address of this beneficial owner is 4747 Executive Drive, Suite 210,
San Diego, CA. 

(4) Includes 376,650 shares of common stock underlying
options which are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days, 7 shares of common stock owned by Lederman Co, 2 shares
of common stock owned by L L, 2 shares of common stock owned by Targent, 1 share of common stock owned by Leder Laboratories, Inc.
(Leder Labs), 1 share of common stock owned by Starling, 24,235 shares owned through an IRA account and 1 share owned by Dr. Lederman s
spouse. Seth Lederman, as the Managing Member of Lederman Co and Targent, the Manager of L L and the Chairman of Leder Labs
and Starling, has investment and voting control over the shares held by these entities. 

(5) Includes 72,314 shares of common stock underlying
options which are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days. 

(6) Includes 68,008 shares of common stock underlying
options which are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days. 

(7) Includes 94,836 shares of common stock underlying
options which are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days. 

(8) Includes 77,225 shares of common stock underlying
options and restricted stock units which are currently exercisable or vested or become exercisable within 60 days. 

(9) Includes 77,528 shares of common stock underlying
options and restricted stock units which are currently exercisable or vested or become exercisable within 60 days. 

(10) Includes 77,524 shares of common stock underlying
options and restricted stock units which are currently exercisable or vested or become exercisable within 60 days. 

(11) Includes 77,514 shares of common stock underlying
options and restricted stock units which are currently exercisable or vested or become exercisable within 60 days. 

83 

(12) Includes 74,030 shares of common stock underlying
options which are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days 

(13) Includes 78,874 shares of common stock underlying
options which are currently exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days 

(14) Includes 1,074,503 shares of common stock
underlying options which are currently exercisable or vested or become exercisable within 60 days, 7 shares of common stock owned by
Lederman Co, 2 shares of common stock owned by L L, 2 shares of common stock owned by Targent, 1 share of common stock owned
by Leder Labs, 1 share of common stock owned by Starling, 24,235 shares owned through an IRA account of Dr. Lederman, and 1 share owned
by Dr. Lederman s spouse. 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

We have adopted a written
related-person transactions policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review, consideration and
oversight of related-party transactions. For purposes of our policy only, a related-party transaction is a
transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we and any related
party are participants involving an amount that exceeds the lesser of 120,000 of 120,000
or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years. 

A related party is any executive
officer, director or a holder of more than five percent of our common stock, including any of their immediate family members and any entity
owned or controlled by such persons. 

Where a transaction has been
identified as a related-party transaction, our Chief Compliance Officer must present information regarding the proposed related-party
transaction to our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for review. The presentation must include a description of, among other
things, the material facts, the direct and indirect interests of the related parties, the benefits of the transaction to us and whether
any alternative transactions are available. To identify related-party transactions in advance, we rely on information supplied by our
executive officers, directors and certain significant stockholders. In considering related-party transactions, our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances including, but not limited to: 

whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of our business; 

whether the related party transaction was initiated by us or the related party; 

whether the transaction with the related party is proposed to be, or was, entered
 into on terms no less favorable to us than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party; 

the purpose of, and the potential benefits to us from the related party transaction; 

the approximate dollar value of the amount involved in the related party transaction,
 particularly as it relates to the related party; 

the related party s interest in the related party transaction, and 

any other information regarding the related party transaction or the related
 party that would be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee shall then make a recommendation to the Board, who will determine whether or not to approve of the related party
transaction, and if so, upon what terms and conditions. In the event a director has an interest in the proposed transaction, the director
must recuse himself or herself from the deliberations and approval. 

During the last two fiscal
years, there have been no related party transactions. 

ITEM 14 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
is ,
 ,
PCAOB ID: . 

(1) Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
by our independent registered public accounting firm, for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, including review of our interim financial statements as well as registration statement
filings with the SEC and comfort letters issued to underwriters were 383,880 and 312,291, respectively. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees 

We did not incur fees to our
independent registered public accounting firm for audit related fees during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(3) Tax Fees 

We did not incur fees to our
independent registered public accounting firm for tax services during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(4) All Other Fees 

None. 

84 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Consistent with SEC policies
and guidelines regarding audit independence, the Audit Committee is responsible for the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by our principal accountants on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee has established a policy regarding approval
of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our principal accountants. Our Audit Committee pre-approves these services
by category and service. Our Audit Committee has pre-approved all of the services provided by our principal accountants. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(c) 
 Index to Exhibits 

The Exhibits listed below
are identified by numbers corresponding to the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Exhibits designated by an asterisk )
are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed pursuant to Item 15. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.01 
 Articles of Incorporation, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement
 on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on April 9, 2008 and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

3.02 
 Articles of Merger between Tamandare Explorations Inc. and Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp., effective October 11, 2011, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October
 17, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.03 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.04 
 Certificate of Change of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp., dated March 13,
 2017 and effective March 17, 2017, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 16, 2017
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.05 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective June 16, 2017,
 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 16, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.06 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.07 
 Certificate of Amendment to Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. s Articles
 of Incorporation, as amended, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on May 3, 2019. 

3.08 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed as an exhibit to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.09 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock,
 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. s Articles of Incorporation, filed as an exhibit
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.01 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant, filed as an exhibit to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.02 
 Form of Warrant, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.03 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement
 on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on November 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.04 
 Form of Warrant, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission
 on February 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference 

4.05 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement, filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with
 the Commission on February 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.06 
 Description of Registrant s Securities, filed herewith. 

10.01 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2012 Amended and Restated Incentive Stock
 Option Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 000-54879), filed
 with the Commission on April 3, 2013. 

10.02 
 Employment Agreement, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and Seth Lederman,
 dated February 11, 2014, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 14, 2014 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

85 

10.03 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Annex A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on May
 2, 2014. 

10.04 
 Lease Amendment and Expansion Agreement, dated February 11, 2014, by and between
 509 Madison Avenue Associates, L.P. and Tonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
 the Commission on February 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.05 
 Employment Agreement, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and Gregory
 Sullivan, dated June 3, 2014, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2014 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

10.06 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Annex A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on March
 25, 2016. 

10.07 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on
 May 2, 2017. 

10.08 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on April 19, 2018. 

10.09 
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2018, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding
 Corp. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 24,
 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.10 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on
 March 18, 2019. 

10.11 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on
 March 18, 2019. 

10.12 
 License Agreement, dated May 20, 2019, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding
 Corp. and The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
 with the Commission on August 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.13 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 20, 2019, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August
 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.14 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 19, 2019, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and TRImaran Pharma, Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November
 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.15 
 First Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement, dated August 19, 2019,
 between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and Wayne State University, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
 with the Commission on November 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.16 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated September 16, 2019, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the Commission on November 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.17 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 herein by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with the Commission on
 December 13, 2019. 

10.18 
 Research Collaboration Agreement between Tonix Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Southern
 Research Institute, dated November 7, 2018, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March
 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.19 
 License Agreement, dated May 5, 2020, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals (Canada)
 Inc. and The Governors of the University of Alberta, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission
 on August 10, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.20 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 11, 2020, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals,
 Inc. and Trigemina, Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on May 12, 2020 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

10.21 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement, dated June 11, 2020, between
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report
 on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on August 10, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.22 
 Assignment and Agreement, dated June 11, 2020, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals,
 Inc. and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed
 with the Commission on August 10, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.23 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and Seller named therein, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on August
 10, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.24 
 Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated October 14, 2020, between Tonix
 Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and the Seller named therein, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission
 on November 9, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

86 

10.25 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive
 Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-36019), filed with
 the Commission on March 30, 2020. 

10.26 
 Employment Agreement, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and Jessica
 Morris, dated February 23, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2021
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.27 
 Employment Agreement, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and Bradley
 Saenger, dated February 23, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2021
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.28 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 5, 2021, between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and the Seller named therein, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March
 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.29 
 License Agreement, dated April 14, 2021, between the Company and OyaGen, Inc.,
 filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference

10.30 
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2021, by and between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on
 May 14, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.31 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, between the Company and Southern
 Research, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 9, 2021 and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

10.32 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2022, by and between Tonix Pharmaceuticals
 Holding Corp. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August
 17, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.33 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated herein by reference
 to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on March 18, 2022. 

10.34 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and the investors thereto,
 dated October 25, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2022 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

10.35 
 Form of Side Letter between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and the investors thereto, dated October
 25, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2022 and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

10.36 
 Form of Registration Agreement between Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. and the investors thereto, dated
 October 25, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2022 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

14.01 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Employees, Executive Officers and Directors,
 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 16, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

21.01 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.01 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, filed herewith. 

31.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)
 and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)
 and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.01 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 The following materials from Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted as Inline XBRL. 

Certain portions of this exhibit, that
 are not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed, have been redacted pursuant to Item
 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 
 Denotes a management compensatory agreement
 or arrangement. 

87 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 

Date: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ SETH LEDERMAN 

Seth Lederman 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ BRADLEY SAENGER 

Bradley Saenger 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Seth Lederman and Bradley Saenger, jointly and severally,
his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes,
may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ SETH LEDERMAN 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Seth Lederman 

/s/ BRADLEY SAENGER 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Bradley Saenger 

/s/ RICHARD BAGGER 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Richard Bagger 

/s/ MARGARET SMITH BELL 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Margaret Smith Bell 

/s/ DAVID GRANGE 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 David Grange 

/s/ ADEOYE OLUKOTUN 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 

Adeoye Olukotun 

/s/ CAROLYN TAYLOR 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 

Carolyn Taylor 

/s/ JAMES TRECO 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 James Treco 

88 

<EX-4.04>
 2
 ex4-06.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 10-K 

Exhibit 4.06 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following is
a summary of all material characteristics of our common stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and bylaws. The summary
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, each
as amended, and to the provisions of Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended NRS ). 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to
issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of
the directors. Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued, outstanding
and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. A
vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such
as dissolution, merger or an amendment to our articles of incorporation. However, a two-thirds vote is required for stockholders
to amend our bylaws. 

Subject to the rights
of holders of shares of our preferred stock, if any, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that
our Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares on our common stock from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share of our common stock entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets
that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over our common
stock. Our common stock has no pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable
to our common stock. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The Transfer Agent
and Registrar for our common stock is vStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK 

The following is
a summary of all material characteristics of our preferred stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and bylaws. The
summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws,
each as amended, and to the provisions of Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended NRS ). 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, none of which are currently outstanding. The shares
of preferred stock may be issued in series, and shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof,
as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such stock adopted from time to
time by the board of directors. The board of directors is expressly vested with the authority to determine and fix in the resolution
or resolutions providing for the issuances of preferred stock the voting powers, designations, preferences and rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each such series to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the laws
of the State of Nevada. 

Terms of the Preferred Stock That We May Offer and
Sell to You 

We summarize below
some of the provisions that will apply to the preferred stock that we may offer to you unless the applicable prospectus supplement
provides otherwise. This summary may not contain all information that is important to you. You should read the prospectus supplement,
which will contain additional information and which may update or change some of the information below. Prior to the issuance of
a new series of preferred stock, we will further amend our articles of incorporation, as amended, designating the stock of that
series and the terms of that series. We will file a copy of the certificate of designation that contains the terms of each new
series of preferred stock with the Nevada Secretary of State and the SEC each time we issue a new series of preferred stock. Each
certificate of designation will establish the number of shares included in a designated series and fix the designation, powers,
privileges, preferences and rights of the shares of each series as well as any applicable qualifications, limitations or restrictions.
You should refer to the applicable certificate of designation as well as our articles of incorporation, as amended, before deciding
to buy shares of our preferred stock as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 

Our board of directors
has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the number
of shares, dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences, sinking funds, and any
other rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions applicable to each such series of preferred stock. 

The issuance of any
preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of the holders of common stock and, therefore, reduce the value of the common
stock. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could discourage, delay or prevent a takeover or other corporate
action. 

89 

The terms of any particular
series of preferred stock will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to that particular series of preferred stock,
including, where applicable: 

the designation, stated value and liquidation preference of such preferred stock; 

the number of shares within the series; 

the offering price; 

the dividend rate or rates (or method of calculation), the date or dates from which dividends shall accrue, and whether such dividends shall be cumulative or noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which dividends shall commence to cumulate; 

any redemption or sinking fund provisions; 

the amount that shares of such series shall be entitled to receive in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; 

the terms and conditions, if any, on which shares of such series shall be convertible or exchangeable for shares of our stock of any other class or classes, or other series of the same class; 

the voting rights, if any, of shares of such series; the status as to reissuance or sale of shares of such series redeemed, purchased or otherwise reacquired, or surrendered to us on conversion or exchange; 

the conditions and restrictions, if any, on the payment of dividends or on the making of other distributions on, or the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by us or any subsidiary, of the common stock or of any other class of our shares ranking junior to the shares of such series as to dividends or upon liquidation; 

the conditions and restrictions, if any, on the creation of indebtedness by us or by any subsidiary, or on the issuance of any additional stock ranking on a parity with or prior to the shares of such series as to dividends or upon liquidation; and 

any additional dividend, liquidation, redemption, sinking or retirement fund and other rights, preferences, privileges, limitations and restrictions of such preferred stock. 

The description of
the terms of a particular series of preferred stock in the applicable prospectus supplement will not be complete. You should refer
to the applicable amendment to our articles of incorporation, as amended, for complete information regarding a series of preferred
stock. 

The preferred stock
will, when issued against payment of the consideration payable therefore, be fully paid and nonassessable. 

90 

</EX-4.04>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 ex21-01.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 10-K 

Exhibit 21.01 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State/ Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Formation 

Tonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Krele, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tonix Pharmaceuticals (Canada), Inc. 
 
 New Brunswick, Canada 
 
 Tonix Pharma Holdings Limited 
 
 Ireland 
 
 Tonix Pharma Limited 
 
 Ireland 
 
 Jenner LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tonix R D Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tonix Medicines, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

91 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 ex23-01.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 10-K 

Exhibit 23.01 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent
to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. on Form S-3 (Nos.
333-237610, 333-251500, 333-254975, and 333-266982) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-202006, 333-212300, 333-219928, 333-226776, 333-232137,
333-239152, 333-257437, and 333-265705) of our report dated March 13, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our report includes an explanatory paragraph about the existence of substantial doubt concerning the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 Iselin, New Jersey 

 March 13, 2023 

92 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 ex31-01.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 10-K 

Exhibit 31.01 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Seth Lederman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ SETH LEDERMAN 

Seth Lederman 
 Chief Executive Officer 

93 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 ex31-02.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 10-K 

Exhibit 31.02 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Bradley Saenger, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ BRADLEY SAENGER 

Bradley Saenger 

Chief Financial Officer 

94 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 ex32-01.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 10-K 

Exhibit 32.01 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Seth Lederman,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Tonix
Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ SETH LEDERMAN 
 
 Date: March 13, 2023 
 Name: 
 Seth Lederman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

I, Bradley Saenger,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Tonix
Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ BRADLEY SAENGER 
 
 Date: March 13, 2023 
 Name: 
 Bradley Saenger 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

95 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tnxp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tnxp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tnxp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tnxp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

