<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1410098_0001213900-23-024310.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6800685</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>490740</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1431743</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1739884</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1539849</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1395873</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024310.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330083128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024310
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CorMedix Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001410098
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34673
		FILM NUMBER:		23777277

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024310.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cormedixinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: ,

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________________
to ______________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: none 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any news or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common
equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately million. Solely for the purpose of
this calculation, shares held by directors and executive officers of the registrant have been excluded. 

The number of outstanding shares
of the registrant s common stock was as of March 28, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

CORMEDIX
INC. 

PART I 

1 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 20 

Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 42 

Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 42 

Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 42 

Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 44 

PART II 

45 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 45 

Item
 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 45 

Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 46 

Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 54 

Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 54 

Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 54 

Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 54 

Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 55 

Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 55 

PART III 

56 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 56 

Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 60 

Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 69 

Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 72 

Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 72 

PART IV 

73 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 73 

Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 75 

Neutrolin is our
registered trademark. DefenCath and CorMedix Inc. are our filed trademarks. All other trade names, trademarks and service marks
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. We have assumed that the reader understands
that all such terms are source-indicating. Accordingly, such terms, when first mentioned in this report, appear with the trade name,
trademark or service mark notice and then throughout the remainder of this Annual Report on Form 10-K without trade name, trademark or
service mark notices for convenience only and should not be construed as being used in a descriptive or generic sense. 

i 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could
cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The statements contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited
to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, will, plan, project, seek, 
 should, target, will, would, and similar expressions or variations intended to
identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information
currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that
could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below in the
Risk Factor Summary and section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

The
following is a summary of material risks that could affect our business. This summary may not contain all of our material risks, and
it is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed risk factors set forth in Item 1.A Risk Factors. 

Risks
Related to our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

1. We
 have a history of operating losses, expect to incur additional operating losses in the future
 and may never be profitable. 

2. Our
 cost of operations could increase significantly more than what we expect depending on the
 costs to complete our development program for DefenCath/Neutrolin. 

3. We
 will likely need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt
 financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. Any additional funds that
 we obtain may not be on terms favorable to us or our stockholders and may require us to relinquish
 valuable rights. 

Risks
Related to the Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

1. DefenCath,
 our lead product candidate, has received Fast Track designation and Qualified Infectious
 Disease Product designation from the FDA, but we cannot provide assurances that these designations
 will not be rescinded. 

2. If
 the FDA requires a second clinical trial for DefenCath or imposes additional manufacturing
 requirements to approve the New Drug Application, the development of DefenCath will take
 longer and cost more to complete, and we will likely need significant additional funds to undertake
 a second trial, if required. 

3. Final
 approval by regulatory authorities of our product candidates for commercial use may be delayed,
 limited or prevented, any of which would adversely affect our ability to generate operating
 revenues. 

4. Successful
 development and commercialization of our other products is uncertain. 

5. If
 we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become
 subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. 

6. The successful commercialization of DefenCath will depend on obtaining
coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. 

7. Physician
 and patients may not accept and use our products. 

8. Changes
 in funding for the FDA and other government agencies or future government shutdowns or disruptions
 could cause delays in the submission and regulatory review of marketing applications, which
 could negatively impact our business or prospects. 

9. The
 resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic, or other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious
 disease may materially and adversely impact our business, including our preclinical studies
 and clinical trials. 

10. Clinical
 trials required for our product candidates may be expensive and time-consuming, and their
 outcome is uncertain. 

11. If
 we fail to comply with international regulatory requirements, we could be subject to regulatory
 delays, fines or other penalties. 

12. We
 do not have, and may never obtain, the regulatory approvals we need to market our product
 candidates outside of the European Union. 

13. Even
 if approved, our products will be subject to extensive post-approval regulation. 

1 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

1. Competition
 and technological change may make our product candidates and technologies less attractive
 or obsolete. 

2. Healthcare
 policy changes, including reimbursement policies for drugs and medical devices, may have
 an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

3. If
 we lose key management or scientific personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors,
 officers, or other personnel or experience increases in compensation costs, our business
 may materially suffer. 

4. If
 we are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business may
 be harmed. 

5. We
 may not successfully manage our growth. 

6. We
 face the risk of product liability claims and the amount of insurance coverage we hold now
 or in the future may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we might incur. 

7. We
 may be exposed to liability claims associated with the use of hazardous materials and chemicals. 

8. Negative
 U.S. and global economic conditions may pose challenges to our business strategy, which relies
 on funding from the financial markets or collaborators. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

1. If
 we materially breach or default under any of our license agreements, the licensor party to
 such agreement will have the right to terminate the license agreement, which termination
 may materially harm our business. 

2. If
 we and our licensors do not obtain protection for and successfully defend our respective
 intellectual property rights, competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and
 development efforts to develop competing products. 

3. Ongoing
 and future intellectual property disputes could require us to spend time and money to address
 such disputes and could limit our intellectual property rights. 

4. The
 decisions by the European and German patent offices may affect patent rights in other jurisdictions. 

5. If
 we infringe the rights of third parties we could be prevented from selling products and forced
 to pay damages and defend against litigation. 

Risks
Related to Dependence on Third Parties 

1. We
 may seek a sales partner in the U.S. if DefenCath receives FDA approval or we may undertake
 marketing and sales of DefenCath in the U.S. on our own. If we are unable to enter into or
 maintain agreements with third parties to market and sell DefenCath or any other product
 after approval or are unable to find a sales partner or establish our own marketing and sales
 capabilities, we may not be able to generate significant or any product revenues. 

2. If
 we or our collaborators are unable to manufacture our products in sufficient quantities or
 are unable to obtain regulatory approvals for a manufacturing facility, we may be unable
 to meet demand for our products and we may lose potential revenues. 

3. Corporate
 and academic collaborators may take actions that delay, prevent, or undermine the success
 of our products. 

4. Data
 provided by collaborators and others upon which we rely that has not been independently verified
 could turn out to be false, misleading or incomplete. 

5. We
 rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and pre-clinical studies. If those parties
 do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, our product
 candidates may not advance in a timely manner or at all. 

6. We
 will depend on third party suppliers and contract manufacturers for the manufacturing of
 our product candidates and have no direct control over the cost of manufacturing our product
 candidates. Increases in the cost of manufacturing our product candidates would increase
 our costs of conducting clinical trials and could adversely affect our future profitability. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

1. We
 will likely need additional financing to fund our activities in the future, which may dilute
 our stockholders. 

2. Our
 executive officers and directors may sell shares of their stock, and these sales could adversely
 affect our stock price. 

3. Our
 common stock price has fluctuated considerably and is likely to remain volatile, in part
 due to the limited market for our common stock and you could lose all or a part of your investment. 

4. A
 significant number of additional shares of our common stock may be issued at a later date,
 and their sale could depress the market price of our common stock. 

5. Provisions
 in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us,
 which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult. 

6. If
 we fail to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Market, it may
 result in a delisting of our common stock from the exchange. 

7. Laws,
 rules and regulations relating to public companies may be costly and impact our ability to
 attract and retain directors and executive officers. 

8. Our
 internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures may
 not prevent all possible errors that could occur. 

9. Security
 breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability,
 which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

10. We
 do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns on our common stock will
 be limited to the value of our common stock. 

2 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of life-threatening
diseases and conditions. 

Our
primary focus is on the development of our lead product candidate, DefenCath , for potential commercialization in the
United States, or U.S., and other key markets. We have in-licensed the worldwide rights to develop and commercialize DefenCath and Neutrolin .
The name DefenCath is the U.S. proprietary name conditionally approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, while the name
Neutrolin was used in the European Union, or EU, and other territories where we received CE-Mark approval for the commercial distribution
of Neutrolin as a catheter lock solution, or CLS, regulated as a medical device. 

DefenCath is a novel anti-infective solution (a
formulation of taurolidine 13.5 mg/mL, and heparin 1000 USP Units/mL) intended for the reduction and prevention of catheter-related infections
and thrombosis in patients requiring central venous catheters, or CVCs, in clinical settings such as hemodialysis, total parenteral nutrition
and oncology. Infections and thrombosis represent key complications among hemodialysis, total parenteral nutrition and cancer patients
with CVCs. These complications can lead to treatment delays and increased costs to the healthcare system when they occur due to hospitalizations,
need for IV antibiotic treatment, long-term anticoagulation therapy, removal/replacement of the CVC, related treatment costs, as well
as increased mortality. We believe DefenCath, if approved, will address a significant unmet medical need and a potential large market
opportunity. 

DefenCath
 United States 

In
late 2013, we met with the FDA, to determine the pathway for obtaining U.S. marketing approval of DefenCath as a new drug. In January
2015, the FDA designated DefenCath as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, or QIDP, for prevention of catheter-related blood stream
infections, or CRBSIs, in patients with end stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through a CVC. CRBSIs and clotting can be life-threatening.
The QIDP designation provides five years of market exclusivity in addition to the five years granted for a New Chemical Entity, or NCE,
upon approval of a New Drug Application, or NDA. In addition, in January 2015 the FDA granted Fast Track designation to DefenCath Catheter
Lock Solution, a designation intended to facilitate development and expedite review of drugs that treat serious and life-threatening
conditions so that the approved drug can reach the market expeditiously. The Fast Track designation of DefenCath provides us with the
opportunity to meet with the FDA on a more frequent basis during the development process, and also ensures eligibility to request priority
review of the marketing application. 

We
launched the Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with hemodialysis catheters in the U.S. in December 2015. The clinical trial, named Phase
3 Prospective, Multicenter, Double-blind, Randomized, Active Control Study to Demonstrate Safety and Effectiveness of DefenCath in Preventing
Catheter-related Bloodstream Infection in Subjects on Hemodialysis for End Stage Renal Disease, or LOCK-IT-100, was a prospective, multicenter,
randomized, double-blind, active control trial which was designed to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of DefenCath compared to
the standard of care CLS, Heparin, in preventing CRBSIs, in subjects receiving hemodialysis therapy as treatment for end stage renal
disease. The primary endpoint for the trial assessed the incidence of CRBSI and time to CRBSI for each study subject. The trial evaluated
DefenCath relative to the active control heparin by documenting the incidence of CRBSI and the time until the occurrence of
CRBSI for each study subject. Secondary endpoints were catheter patency, which was defined as required use of tissue plasminogen activating
factor, or tPA, or removal of catheter due to dysfunction, and removal of catheter for any reason. 

3 

During
the course of the study, in consultation with the FDA, we established the Clinical Adjudication Committee, or CAC, to critically and
independently assess CRBSI while being blinded to treatment assignment. As announced in July 2018, the CAC reviewed potential cases of
CRBSI in our LOCK-IT-100 study that occurred through early December 2017 and identified 28 such cases. As previously agreed with the
FDA, an interim efficacy analysis was performed when the first 28 CRBSIs were identified. On July 25, 2018, we announced that the independent
Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, had completed its review of the interim analysis of the data from the LOCK-IT-100 study. Based
on the first 28 cases, there was a highly statistically significant 72 reduction in CRBSI relative to the control (p=0.0034). Because
the pre-specified level of statistical significance was reached for the primary endpoint and efficacy had been demonstrated with no safety
concerns, the DSMB recommended the study be terminated early. 

Following
discussions with the FDA, we proceeded with an orderly termination of LOCK-IT-100. In late January 2019, we announced the topline results
of the full data set of the LOCK-IT-100 study. The study continued enrolling and treating subjects until study termination, and the final
efficacy analysis was based on a total of 795 subjects. 

The
primary endpoint of the Phase 3 LOCK-IT-100 study was the reduction of the risk of occurrence of CRBSI by DefenCath relative to the active
control of heparin. In the analysis of the full data set, a total of 41 CRBSI events were determined by the CAC. There was a 71 reduction
in the risk of occurrence of CRBSIs compared with the active control of heparin, which was well in excess of the study s assumed
treatment effect size of a 55 reduction. In the DefenCath arm, the CRBSI event rate was 0.13 per 1000 catheter days, which is significantly
lower than the event rate of 0.46 per 1000 catheter days in the control arm. The statistical significance of the primary endpoint in
the full data set (p=0.0006) was even more impressive than that of the interim analysis (p=0.0034). 

The
FDA granted our request for a rolling submission and review of the New Drug Application, or NDA, that is designed to expedite the approval
process for products being developed to address an unmet medical need. Although the FDA usually requires two pivotal clinical trials
to provide substantial evidence of safety and effectiveness for approval of the NDA, the FDA will in some cases accept one adequate and
well-controlled trial, where it is a large multicenter trial with a broad range of subjects and investigation sites with procedures to
include trial quality that has demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically very persuasive effect on prevention of a disease
with potentially serious outcome. 

In
March 2020, we began the modular submission process for the NDA for DefenCath for the prevention of CRBSI in hemodialysis patients, and
in August 2020, the FDA accepted for filing the DefenCath NDA. The FDA also granted our request for priority review, which provides for
a six-month review period instead of the standard ten-month review period. As we announced in March 2021, the FDA informed us in its
Complete Response Letter CRL that it could not approve the NDA for DefenCath in its present form. The FDA noted concerns
at the third-party manufacturing facility after a review of records requested by the FDA and provided by the contract manufacturing organization,
or CMO. Additionally, the FDA required a manual extraction study to demonstrate that the labeled volume can be consistently withdrawn
from the vials despite an existing in-process control to demonstrate fill volume within specifications. 

In
April 2021, we and the CMO met with the FDA to discuss proposed resolutions for the deficiencies identified in the CRL to us and the
Post-Application Action Letter, or PAAL, received by the CMO from the FDA for the NDA for DefenCath. There was an agreed upon protocol
for the manual extraction study identified in the CRL, which now has been successfully completed. Addressing the FDA s concerns
regarding the qualification of the filling operation necessitated adjustments in the process and generation of additional data on operating
parameters for manufacture of DefenCath. We and the CMO determined that additional process qualification was needed with subsequent validation
to address these issues. 

4 

The
FDA did not request additional clinical data and did not identify any deficiencies related to the data submitted on the efficacy or safety
of DefenCath from LOCK-IT-100. In draft labeling discussed with the FDA, the FDA added that the initial approval will be for the
limited population of patients with kidney failure receiving chronic hemodialysis through a central venous catheter. This is consistent
with our request for approval pursuant to the Limited Population Pathway for Antibacterial and Antifungal Drugs, or LPAD. LPAD, passed
as part of the 21 st Century Cures Act, is a new program intended to expedite the development and approval of certain antibacterial
and antifungal drugs to treat serious or life-threatening infections in limited populations of patients with unmet needs. LPAD provides
for a streamlined clinical development program involving smaller, shorter, or fewer clinical trials and is intended to encourage the
development of safe and effective products that address unmet medical needs of patients with serious bacterial and fungal infections.
We believe that LPAD will provide additional flexibility for the FDA to approve DefenCath to reduce CRBSIs in the limited population
of patients with kidney failure receiving hemodialysis through a central venous catheter. 

On
February 28, 2022, we resubmitted the NDA for DefenCath to address the CRL issued by the FDA. In parallel, our third-party manufacturer
submitted responses to the deficiencies identified at the manufacturing facility in the PAAL issued by the FDA concurrently with the
CRL. The FDA had stated that it expected all corrections to facility deficiencies to be complete at the time of resubmission so that
all corrective actions may be verified during an onsite evaluation of the manufacturing facility in the next review cycle. On March 28,
2022, we announced that the resubmission of the NDA for DefenCath had been accepted for filing by the FDA. The FDA considered the resubmission
as a complete, Class 2 response with a six-month review cycle. The CMO notified us that an onsite inspection by the FDA was conducted
that resulted in FORM FDA 483 observations that are being addressed. The CMO submitted responses to the inspectional observations along
with a corrective action plan and requested a meeting with the FDA to discuss. We were also notified by our supplier of heparin, an active
pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, for DefenCath, that an inspection by the FDA for an unrelated API, resulted in a Warning Letter due
to deviations from good manufacturing practices for the unrelated API. 

On
August 8, 2022, we announced receipt of a second CRL from the FDA regarding the DefenCath NDA. The FDA stated that the DefenCath NDA
cannot be approved until deficiencies conveyed to the CMO and the heparin API supplier are resolved to the satisfaction of the FDA. There
were no other requirements identified by the FDA for us prior to resubmission of the NDA. Validation of manufacturing with heparin from
an alternative supplier is underway to prepare for resubmission of the NDA in the event that the Warning Letter at our current API supplier
remains unresolved. Corrective actions have been implemented to address the inspectional observations at the CMO and are under review
by the FDA. 

As part of the NDA review process, the FDA has also notified us that
although the tradename DefenCath was conditionally approved, the FDA now has identified potential confusion with another pending product
name that is also under review. The ultimate acceptability of our proposed tradename is dependent upon which application is approved first.
As a precaution, we are preparing to submit an alternative proprietary name to the FDA which will undergo review. 

We
intend to pursue additional indications for DefenCath use as a CLS in populations with unmet medical needs that may also represent potentially
significant market opportunities. While we are continuing to assess these areas, potential future indications may include use as a CLS
to reduce CRBSIs in total parenteral nutrition patients using a central venous catheter and in oncology patients using a central venous
catheter. 

We
were granted a deferral by the FDA under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, that requires sponsors to conduct pediatric studies
for NDAs for a new active ingredient, such as taurolidine in DefenCath, unless a waiver or deferral is obtained from the FDA. A deferral
acknowledges that a pediatric assessment is required but permits the applicant to submit the pediatric assessment after the submission
of an NDA. We have made a commitment to conduct the pediatric study after approval of the NDA for use in adult hemodialysis patients.
Pediatric studies for an approved product conducted under PREA may qualify for pediatric exclusivity, which, if granted, would provide
an additional six months of marketing exclusivity. DefenCath would then have the potential to receive a total marketing exclusivity period
of 10.5 years, including exclusivity pursuant to NCE and QIDP. 

Neutrolin
 International 

In
the EU, Neutrolin was regulated as a Class 3 medical device. In July 2013, we received CE Mark approval for Neutrolin. In December 2013,
we commercially launched Neutrolin in Germany for the prevention of CRBSI, and maintenance of catheter patency in hemodialysis patients
using a tunneled, cuffed central venous catheter for vascular access. 

5 

In
September 2014, the TUV-SUD and The Medicines Evaluation Board of the Netherlands, or MEB, granted a label expansion for Neutrolin for
these same expanded indications for the EU. In December 2014, we received approval from the Hessian District President in Germany to
expand the label to include use in oncology patients receiving chemotherapy, IV hydration and IV medications via central venous catheters.
The expansion also adds patients receiving medication and IV fluids via central venous catheters in intensive or critical care units
(cardiac care unit, surgical care unit, neonatal critical care unit, and urgent care centers). An indication for use in total parenteral
nutrition was also approved. 

In
September 2019, our registration with the Saudi Arabia Food and Drug Administration, or the SFDA, expired. As a result, we cannot sell
Neutrolin in Saudi Arabia and do not intend to pursue renewal of our registration with the SFDA. 

As
announced in May 2022, we began the process of winding down our operations in the EU and discontinued Neutrolin sales in both the EU
and the Middle East at the end of 2022. 

Additional
Development Possibilities 

In
addition to DefenCath, we have sponsored a pre-clinical research collaboration for the use of taurolidine as a possible treatment for
rare pediatric tumors. In February 2018, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to taurolidine for the treatment of neuroblastoma in
children. We may seek one or more strategic partners or other sources of capital to help us develop and commercialize taurolidine for
the treatment of neuroblastoma in children. 

We
have previously filed intellectual property for expanded uses of taurolidine as a platform compound for use in certain medical devices.
Patent applications have been filed in several indications, including wound closure, surgical meshes, and wound management. We would
need to seek to establish development/commercial partnerships for these programs to advance. 

The
FDA regards taurolidine as a new chemical entity and therefore it is currently regulated as an unapproved new drug. In the future, we
may pursue product candidates that would involve devices impregnated with taurolidine, and we believe that at the current time such products
would be combination products subject to device premarket submission requirements (while subject also, under review by the FDA, to the
standards for drug approvability). Consequently, given that there is no appropriate predicate medical device currently marketed in the
U.S. on which a 510(k) approval process could be based and that taurolidine is not yet approved in any application, we anticipate that
we would be required to submit a premarket approval application, or PMA, for marketing authorization for any medical device indications
that we may pursue for devices containing taurolidine. In the event that an NDA for DefenCath is approved by the FDA, the regulatory
pathway for these medical device product candidates may be revisited with the FDA. Although there may be no appropriate predicate, de
novo Class II designation can be proposed, based on a risk assessment and a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. 

DefenCath 

Market
Opportunity 

Central
venous catheters, or CVCs, and peripherally inserted central catheters, or Central Catheters, are an important and frequently used method
for accessing the vasculature in hemodialysis (a form of dialysis where the patient s blood is circulated through a dialysis filter),
administering chemotherapy and basic fluids in cancer patients and for cancer chemotherapy, long term antibiotic therapy, and total parenteral
nutrition (complete or partial dietary support via intravenous nutrients). 

Bloodstream infections resulting from the use of
central catheters, known as CRBSIs or Central Line Associated Bloodstream Infections, or CLABSIs, can result in significant morbidity
and increased rates of hospital admissions, readmissions and mortality. One of the major and common risk factors for all patients requiring
CVCs is CRBSIs and the clinical complications associated with them. The total annual cost for treating CRBSI episodes and their related
complications in the U.S. is up to 2.3 billion, with approximately 250,000 CRBSI episodes per year (Becker s Hospital Review). 

6 

According to the 2022 United States Renal Disease System, reporting
data from 2020, there were nearly 808,000 End-Stage-Renal-Disease, or ESRD, patients on permanent hemodialysis in the U.S. Of these, nearly
108,000 hemodialysis patients were new patients diagnosed with ESRD during the year they were receiving dialysis through a CVC. Patients
are typically located in various care settings including inpatient hospitals and outpatient dialysis clinics. Kidney failure patients
can include ESRD, Acute Kidney Injury, or AKI and Chronic Kidney Disease, or CKD, populations that crash land into dialysis. Patients
that present in the hospital have an average length of stay of 13.3 days and additionally high 30-day readmission rates both for same
diagnosis and all-cause with the all-cause readmissions being higher. 

Biofilm
build up is the pathogenesis of both infections and thrombotic complications in central venous catheters. Prevention of CRBSI and inflammatory
complications requires both removal of pathogens from the internal surface of the catheter to prevent the systemic dissemination of organisms
contained within the biofilm as well as an anticoagulant to retain blood flow during dialysis. Biofilm forms when bacteria adhere to
surfaces in aqueous environments and begin to excrete a slimy, glue-like substance that can anchor them to various types of materials,
including intravenous catheters. The presence of biofilm has many adverse effects, including the ability to release bacteria into the
blood stream. The current standard of catheter care is to instill a heparin lock solution at a concentration of 1000 u/mL into each catheter
lumen immediately following treatment, in order to prevent clotting between dialysis treatments. However, a heparin lock solution provides
no protection from the risk of infection. 

Currently,
there are no pharmacologic agents approved in the U.S. for the prevention or reduction of CRBSI in CVCs. We believe there is a significant
need for prevention of CRBSI in the hemodialysis patient population as well as for other patient populations utilizing central venous
catheters and peripherally inserted central catheters, such as oncology/chemotherapy, and total parenteral nutrition. 

DefenCath
is a non-antibiotic, broad-spectrum antibacterial, antifungal and anticoagulant combination that is active against common microbes including
antibiotic-resistant strains and in addition may prevent biofilm formation. DefenCath had been reviewed as a New Molecular Entity, or
NME, with priority review. In addition, DefenCath has been granted a QIDP designation by the FDA. We believe that using DefenCath as
an anti-infective catheter-lock solution will significantly reduce the incidence of life-threatening catheter-related blood stream infections,
thus reducing the need for local and systemic antibiotics while prolonging catheter function. There are currently no products approved
by the FDA with an indication for use as a catheter lock solution. 

Competitive
Landscape 

The
drug and medical device industries are highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. DefenCath s
current and future competitors include large as well as specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and large and specialty
medical device companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do and
significantly more experience in the development and commercialization of drugs and medical devices. Further, the development of new
treatment methods could render DefenCath non-competitive or obsolete. 

We
believe that the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of DefenCath are efficacy and safety,
as well as pricing and reimbursement. Given that there are no approved catheter lock solutions with antimicrobial properties in the U.S.,
and that the current standard of care is heparin, we believe that with adequate reimbursement there is an opportunity for DefenCath to
become the new standard of care as a CLS in the U.S. market, if approved by FDA. We are not aware of any potentially competitive CLS
which are approved or under development by other companies in the U.S. A development stage product from Citius Pharmaceuticals Inc. is
being studied for use to salvage an infected CVC, causing a catheter related blood stream infection. 

Manufacturing/Supply
Chain 

We
do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities related to the production of our products. All our manufacturing processes currently
are, and we expect them to continue, to be outsourced to third parties. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce sufficient quantities
of drug product for use both commercially and in clinical trials. We intend to continue this practice in the future. 

7 

With regards to taurolidine, an active pharmaceutical
ingredient, or API, of DefenCath, we have a Drug Master File filed with the FDA. There is a master commercial supply agreement between
the third-party manufacturer, and us in place from August 2018. We have two sources for the other key API, Heparin sodium. 

We have historically utilized a European based
CMO for the production of DefenCath for the U.S. market. We have validated the manufacturing process for DefenCath at this CMO utilizing
one source of heparin API, and are in the process of validating a second source of heparin API. 

We
are confident that this CMO has adequate capacity to produce the volumes needed, and that there exists a sufficient number of potential
alternate sources for the drug substances required to produce our products, as well as third-party manufacturers, that we will be able
to find alternate suppliers and third-party manufacturers in the event that our relationship with any supplier or third-party manufacturer
deteriorates. The process for selecting and qualifying an alternative contract manufacturer and for completing the technology transfer
to such a manufacturer to the point of enabling commercialization of the product may take several years. 

We
previously announced an agreement with Alcami Corporation, or Alcami, a U.S. based contract manufacturer with proven capabilities for
manufacturing commercial sterile parenteral drug products. Alcami may function as an alternate manufacturing site for DefenCath for the
U.S. market. As part of the technology transfer and validation of the manufacturing process at Alcami, we would also expect to qualify
an alternate source of heparin API sourced from a major U.S. supplier. 

United
States Government Regulation 

The
research, development, testing, manufacture, labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution, and marketing, among other things, of our
products are extensively regulated by governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries. Our products may be classified by the
FDA as a drug or a medical device depending upon the indications for use or claims. Because certain of our product candidates are considered
as medical devices and others are considered as drugs for regulatory purposes, we intend to submit applications to regulatory agencies
for approval or clearance of both medical devices and pharmaceutical product candidates. 

In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs and medical
devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and the FDA s implementing regulations. If we fail to
comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, clinical testing, and during the approval
process or after approval, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA s
refusal to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of an approval, warning letters, adverse publicity,
product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal
prosecution, among other actions. Any agency enforcement action and/or any related impact could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Drug
Approval Process 

The
research, development, and approval process in the United States and elsewhere is intensive and rigorous and generally takes many years
to complete. The typical process required by the FDA before a therapeutic drug may be marketed in the United States includes: 

pre-clinical
laboratory and animal tests performed under the FDA s Good Laboratory Practices, or GLP, regulations; 

submission
to the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may commence; 

human
clinical studies to evaluate the drug s safety and effectiveness for its intended uses; 

FDA
review of whether the facility in which the drug is manufactured, processed, packaged, or held meets standards designed to assure the
product s continued quality and FDA review of clinical trial sites to determine whether the clinical trials were conducted in accordance
with Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs; and 

submission
of a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA, and approval of the application by the FDA to allow sales of the drug. 

8 

During
pre-clinical testing, studies are performed with respect to the chemical and physical properties of candidate formulations. These studies
are subject to GLP requirements. Biological testing is typically done in animal models to demonstrate the activity of the compound against
the targeted disease or condition and to assess the apparent effects of the new product candidate on various organ systems, as well as
its relative therapeutic effectiveness and safety. An IND application must be submitted to the FDA and become effective before studies
in humans may commence. 

Clinical
trial programs in humans generally follow a three-phase process. Typically, Phase 1 studies are conducted in small numbers of healthy
volunteers or, on occasion, in patients afflicted with the target disease. Phase 1 studies are conducted to determine the metabolic and
pharmacological action of the product candidate in humans and the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to
gain early evidence of effectiveness. In Phase 2, studies are generally conducted in larger groups of patients having the target disease
or condition in order to validate clinical endpoints, and to obtain preliminary data on the effectiveness of the product candidate and
optimal dosing. This phase also helps determine further the safety profile of the product candidate. In Phase 3, large-scale clinical
trials are generally conducted in patients having the target disease or condition to provide sufficient data for the statistical proof
of effectiveness and safety of the product candidate as required by United States and foreign regulatory agencies. Typically, two Phase
3 trials are required for marketing approval. 

In
the case of products for certain serious or life-threatening diseases, the initial human testing may be done in patients with the disease
rather than in healthy volunteers. Because these patients are already afflicted with the target disease or condition, it is possible
that such studies will also provide results traditionally obtained in Phase 2 studies. These studies are often referred to as Phase
1/2 studies. However, even if patients participate in initial human testing and a Phase 1/2 study is carried out, the sponsor
is still responsible for obtaining all the data usually obtained in both Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies. 

Before
proceeding with a study, sponsors may seek a written agreement known as a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, from the FDA regarding
the design, size, and conduct of a clinical trial. Among other things, SPAs can cover clinical studies for pivotal trials whose data
will form the primary basis to establish a product s efficacy. SPAs help establish up-front agreement with the FDA about the adequacy
of a clinical trial design to support a regulatory approval, but the agreement is not binding on the FDA if new circumstances arise.
An SPA may only be modified with the agreement of the FDA and the trial sponsor or if the director of the FDA reviewing division determines
that a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety or efficacy of the drug was identified after the testing began.
There is no guarantee that a study will ultimately be adequate to support an approval even if the study is subject to an SPA. 

Additionally,
some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data
safety monitoring board or committee. This group regularly reviews accumulated data and advises the study sponsor regarding the continuing
safety of trial subjects, and the continuing validity and scientific merit of the clinical trial. The data safety monitoring board receives
special access to unblinded data during the clinical trial and may advise the sponsor to halt the clinical trial if it determined there
is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or on other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. The committee can also stop a
clinical trial for an overwhelming demonstration of efficacy, based on pre-defined, stringent statistical parameters and ethical considerations. 

The
manufacture of investigational drugs for the conduct of human clinical trials is subject to current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP,
requirements. Investigational drugs and active pharmaceutical ingredients imported into the United States are also subject to regulation
by the FDA relating to their labeling and distribution. Further, the export of investigational drug products outside of the United States
is subject to regulatory requirements of the receiving country as well as U.S. export requirements under the FDCA. 

IND
sponsors are required to submit a number of reports to the FDA during the course of a development program. For instance, sponsors are
required to make annual reports to the FDA concerning the progress of their clinical trial programs as well as more frequent reports
for certain serious adverse events. Sponsors must submit a protocol for each clinical trial, and any subsequent protocol amendments to
the FDA. Investigators must also provide certain information to the clinical trial sponsors to allow the sponsors to make certain financial
disclosures to the FDA. Information about certain clinical trials, including a description of the study and study results, must be submitted
within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their clinicaltrials.gov website.
Moreover, under the 21st Century Cures Act, manufacturers or distributors of investigational drugs for the diagnosis, monitoring, or
treatment of one or more serious diseases or conditions must have a publicly available policy concerning expanded access to investigational
drugs. 

9 

United
States law requires that studies conducted to support approval for product marketing be adequate and well controlled. In
general, this means that either a placebo or a product already approved for the treatment of the disease or condition under study must
be used as a reference control. The recently passed 21st Century Cures Act, however, provides for FDA acceptance of new kinds of data
such as patient experience data, real world evidence, and, for appropriate indications sought through supplemental marketing applications,
data summaries. Studies must also be conducted in compliance with good clinical practice requirements, and informed consent must be obtained
from all study subjects. 

In
addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, an NDA or supplement to an NDA for a new active ingredient, indication, dosage
form, dosage regimen, or route of administration must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug
for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation
for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for
submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric
data requirements. 

The
FDA also may require submission of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh
the risks of the drug. The REMS plan could include medication guides, physician communication plans, and elements to assure safe use,
such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, or other risk minimization tools. An assessment of the REMS must also be
conducted at set intervals. Following product approval, a REMS may also be required by the FDA if new safety information is discovered
and the FDA determines that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks of the drug. 

The
clinical trial process for a new compound can take ten years or more to complete. The FDA may prevent clinical trials from beginning
or may place clinical trials on hold at any point in this process if, among other reasons, it concludes that study subjects are being
exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Trials may also be prevented from beginning or may be terminated by institutional review boards,
or IRBs, who must review and approve all research involving human subjects and amendments thereto. The IRB must continue to oversee the
clinical trial while it is being conducted. This includes the IRB receiving information concerning unanticipated problems involving risk
to subjects. Side effects or adverse events that are reported during clinical trials can delay, impede, or prevent marketing authorization.
Similarly, adverse events that are reported after marketing authorization can result in additional limitations being placed on a product s
use and, potentially, withdrawal of the product from the market. 

Following
the completion of a clinical trial, the data are analyzed by the sponsoring company to determine whether the trial successfully demonstrated
safety and effectiveness and whether a product approval application may be submitted. In the United States, if the product is regulated
as a new drug, an NDA must be submitted and approved by the FDA before commercial marketing may begin. The NDA must include a substantial
amount of data and other information concerning the safety and effectiveness of the compound from laboratory, animal, and human clinical
testing, as well as data and information on manufacturing, product quality and stability, and proposed product labeling. 

Each
domestic and foreign manufacturing establishment, including any contract manufacturers that we may decide to use, must be listed in the
NDA and must be registered with the FDA. The application generally will not be approved until the FDA conducts a manufacturing inspection,
approves the applicable manufacturing process for the drug product, and determines that the facility is in compliance with current cGMP
requirements. Moreover, FDA will also typically inspect one or more clinical trial sites to confirm that the applicable clinical trials
were conducted in accordance with GCPs. 

Under
the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), as amended, the FDA assesses and receives application user fees for reviewing an NDA, as
well as annual program fees for commercial manufacturing establishments and for approved products. These fees can be significant. Fee
waivers, reductions or refunds are available in certain circumstances. One basis for a waiver or refund of the application user fee is
if the applicant is a small business generally defined as employing fewer than 500 employees, including employees of affiliates,
no approved marketing application for a product that has been introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce, and
the applicant, including its affiliates, is submitting its first marketing application. Product candidates that are designated as orphan
drugs, which are further described below, are also not subject to application user fees unless the application includes an indication
other than the orphan indication. Under certain circumstances, orphan products may also be exempt from product and establishment fees. 

Each
NDA submitted for FDA approval is usually reviewed for administrative completeness and reviewability. Following this review, the FDA
may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the
additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. 

10 

Once
accepted for filing, the FDA s review of an application may involve review and recommendations by an independent FDA advisory committee.
The FDA must refer applications for drugs that contain active ingredients, including any ester or salt of the active ingredients that
have not previously been approved by the FDA to an advisory committee or provide in an action letter a summary for not referring it to
an advisory committee. The FDA may also refer drugs to advisory committees when it is determined that an advisory committee s expertise
would be beneficial to the regulatory decision-making process, including the evaluation of novel products and the use of new technology.
An advisory committee is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, which review, evaluate, and make a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory
committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 

After
evaluating the NDA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding
the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a Complete Response Letter,
or CRL. If a CRL is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all the deficiencies identified in the letter; withdraw
the application; or request an opportunity for a hearing. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the
application is not ready for approval and describes all the specific deficiencies that the FDA identified in the NDA. A CRL generally
contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA and may require additional
clinical or pre-clinical testing in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example,
requiring labeling changes; or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Even with submission of this additional information,
the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions
have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing
of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 

Even
if the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved therapeutic uses for the product as described in the product labeling, require
that warning statements be included in the product labeling, require that additional studies be conducted following approval as a condition
of the approval, impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a REMS or otherwise
limit the scope of any approval. 

Special
FDA Expedited Review and Approval Programs 

The
FDA has various programs, including Fast Track designation, priority review and breakthrough designation, that are intended to expedite
or simplify the process for the development and FDA review of certain drug products that are intended for the treatment of serious or
life-threatening diseases or conditions, and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs or present a significant improvement
over existing therapy. The purpose of these programs is to provide important new drugs to patients earlier than under standard FDA review
procedures. 

To
be eligible for a Fast Track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat
a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need. The FDA will determine
that a product will fill an unmet medical need if the product will provide a therapy where none exists or provide a therapy that may
be potentially superior to existing therapy based on efficacy, safety, or public health factors. If Fast Track designation is obtained,
drug sponsors may be eligible for more frequent development meetings and correspondence with the FDA. In addition, the FDA may initiate
review of sections of an NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides
and the FDA approves a schedule for the remaining information. A Fast Track product is also eligible to apply for accelerated approval
and priority review. 

The
FDA may give a priority review designation to drugs that are intended to treat serious conditions and, if approved, would provide significant
improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of serious conditions. A priority review means
that the goal for the FDA is to review an application within six months, rather than the standard review of ten months under current
PDUFA guidelines, of the 60-day filing date for new molecular entities. 

11 

Moreover,
under the provisions of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, enacted in 2012, a sponsor can request
designation of a product candidate as a breakthrough therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended,
alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical
evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant
endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies are
eligible for the Fast Track designation features as described above, intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program beginning
as early as Phase 1 trials, and a commitment from the FDA to involve senior managers and experienced review staff in a proactive
collaborative, cross-disciplinary review. 

Even
if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for
qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 

A
final new program to expedite the development of drug products is the LPAD, which was passed as part of the 21 st Century Cures
Act. LPAD allows for the FDA s determination of safety and effectiveness to reflect the risk-benefit profile of the drug in the
intended limited population, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the infection and the availability of alternative
treatments in the limited population. Under LPAD, a sponsor may request drug approval for an antibacterial or antifungal drug if the
drug is intended to treat a serious life-threatening infection in a limited population of patients with unmet needs. The drug may be
approved for the limited population notwithstanding a lack of evidence to fully establish a favorable benefit-risk profile in a broader
population. The FDA must provide prompt advice to sponsors seeking approval under LPAD to enable them to plan a development program.
If approved under LPAD, certain post-marketing requirements would apply, such as required labeling and advertising statements and pre-distribution
submission of promotional materials to FDA. If after approval for a limited population, a product receives a broader approval, the FDA
may remove such post-marketing restrictions. While a drug may only be approved for a limited population under this program, the 21 st
 Century Cures Act states that it is not intended to restrict the prescribing of antimicrobial drugs or other products by healthcare
professionals. 

Exclusivity 

For
approved drug products, market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA provide periods of regulatory exclusivity, which gives the holder
of an approved NDA limited protection from new competition in the marketplace for the innovation represented by its approved drug. 

Section 505
of the FDCA describes three types of marketing applications that may be submitted to the FDA to request marketing authorization for a
new drug. A Section 505(b)(1) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and efficacy. A Section 505(b)(2)
NDA is an application in which the applicant, in part, relies on investigations that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for
which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. Section 505(j)
establishes an abbreviated approval process for a generic version of approved drug products through the submission of an Abbreviated
New Drug Application, or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a generic drug product that has the same active ingredients, dosage
form, strength, route of administration, labeling, performance characteristics, and intended use, among other things, to a previously
approved product. Limited changes must be pre-approved by the FDA via a suitability petition. 

Five
years of exclusivity are available to New Chemical Entities, or NCEs. A NCE is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved
by the FDA in any other NDA. An active moiety is the molecule or ion, excluding those appended portions of the molecule, that cause the
drug to be an ester, salt, including a salt with hydrogen or coordination bonds, or other noncovalent derivatives, such as a complex,
chelate, or clathrate, of the molecule, responsible for the therapeutic activity of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period,
the FDA may not accept for review and make an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA approval effective for an application submitted by another company
that contains the previously approved active moiety. An ANDA or 505(b)(2) application, however, may be submitted one year before NCE
exclusivity expires if the applicant submits a certification stating that the patents listed by the NCE sponsor in FDA s list of
Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, or Orange Book, are invalid or will not be infringed by the manufacture,
use, or sale of the drug product for which approval is sought. Five-year exclusivity will also not delay the submission or approval of
a full NDA; however, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all the pre-clinical
studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 

12 

Pediatric
exclusivity is another type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment
of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity, including the non-patent exclusivity
period described above. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written
request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather,
if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of requested
pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within the required time frames, whatever statutory or regulatory periods
of exclusivity or Orange Book listed patent protection cover the drug are extended by six months. Moreover, pediatric exclusivity attaches
to all formulations, dosage forms, and indications for products with existing marketing exclusivity or patent life that contain the same
active moiety as that which was studied. 

The
Orphan Drug Act also provides incentives for the development of drugs intended to treat rare diseases or conditions, which generally
are diseases or conditions affecting fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or affecting more than 200,000 in
the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the drug available in the United
States will be recovered from sales in the United States. Additionally, sponsors must present a plausible hypothesis for clinical superiority
to obtain orphan designation if there is a drug already approved by the FDA that is intended for the same indication and that is considered
by the FDA to be the same drug as the already approved drug. This hypothesis must be demonstrated to obtain orphan drug exclusivity.
If granted, prior to product approval, Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant
funding towards clinical study costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives FDA approval for the indication
for which it has orphan designation, the product is generally entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve
any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such
as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity. 

For
certain infectious disease products, the above discussed exclusivity periods may be further extended under the FDA s qualified
infectious disease product program. A qualified infectious disease product, or QIDP, is an antibacterial or antifungal drug for human
use intended to treat serious or life-threatening infections, including those caused by an antibacterial or antifungal resistant pathogen,
including novel or emerging infectious pathogens; or qualifying pathogens designated by the FDA that have the potential to pose a serious
threat to public health. Subject to the specified statutory limitations, a drug that is designated as a QIDP and is approved for the
use for which the QIDP designation was granted will receive a 5-year extension to any exclusivity for which the application qualifies
upon approval. For example, if the FDA approves an NDA for a drug designated as a QIDP, the NCE exclusivity period is extended to ten
years and the FDA may not accept applications for nine years. Moreover, if a product is designated as a QIDP and an orphan product, the
orphan product exclusivity period is extended to twelve years. These extensions are in addition to any extension that an application
may be entitled to under the pediatric exclusivity provisions. To receive a QIDP designation, the sponsor must request that the FDA designate
the product as such prior to the submission of an NDA. This designation may not be withdrawn except if the FDA finds that the request
for designation contained an untrue statement of material fact. QIDPs are also eligible for Fast Track status and priority review. 

In
March 2020, we were granted a deferral by the FDA under the PREA, that requires sponsors to conduct pediatric studies for NDAs for a
new active ingredient, such as taurolidine in DefenCath, unless a waiver or deferral is obtained from the FDA. A deferral acknowledges
that a pediatric assessment is required but permits the applicant to submit the pediatric assessment after the submission of an NDA.
We have made a commitment to conduct the pediatric study after approval of the NDA for use in adult hemodialysis patients. Pediatric
studies for an approved product conducted under PREA may qualify for pediatric exclusivity, which if granted would provide an additional
six months of marketing exclusivity. DefenCath would then have the potential to receive a total marketing exclusivity period of 10.5
years, including exclusivity pursuant to NCE and QIDP. 

Post
Approval Requirements 

Significant
legal and regulatory requirements also apply after FDA approval to market under an NDA. These include, among other things, requirements
related to adverse event and other reporting, product tracking and tracing, suspect and illegitimate product investigations and notifications,
product advertising and promotion and ongoing adherence to cGMPs, as well as the need to submit appropriate new or supplemental applications
and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. The FDA also enforces
the requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act which, among other things, imposes various requirements in connection with the
distribution of product samples to physicians. The FDA enforces these requirements through, among other ways, periodic announced and
unannounced facility inspections. 

13 

The
FDA also strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. A company can
make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that are approved by the FDA. Physicians, in their independent professional medical
judgment, may prescribe legally available products for unapproved indications that are not described in the product s labeling
and that differ from those tested and approved by the FDA. Pharmaceutical companies, however, are allowed to promote their drug products
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant liability, including, but not limited to, criminal and civil penalties under the FDCA and the civil
False Claims Act, or FCA, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, mandatory compliance programs under corporate
integrity agreements, debarment, and refusal of government contracts. 

The
regulatory framework applicable to the production, distribution, marketing, and/or sale, of our product candidates may change significantly
from the current descriptions provided herein in the time that it may take for any of our product candidates to reach a point at which
an NDA is approved. Moreover, individual states may have laws and regulations that we must comply with, such as laws and regulations
concerning licensing, promotion, sampling, distribution, and reporting. 

Overall
research, development, and approval times depend on a number of factors, including the period of review at the FDA, the number of questions
posed by the FDA during review, how long it takes to respond to the FDA s questions, the severity or life-threatening nature of
the disease in question, the availability of alternative treatments, the availability of clinical investigators and eligible patients,
the rate of enrollment of patients in clinical trials, and the risks and benefits demonstrated in the clinical trials. 

Medical
Device Approval Process 

In
addition to our lead product candidate DefenCath, which is subject to regulation by the FDA as a drug, we may develop other products
that could be regulated as medical devices in the United States. The FDA considers a product to be a device, and subject to the FDA regulation,
if it meets the definition of a medical device in the FDCA, which states that a device is an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine,
contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including a component part, or accessory which is: 

recognized
 in the official National Formulary, or the United States Pharmacopoeia, or any supplement
 to them, 

intended
 for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment,
 or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or 

intended
 to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals, and which does
 not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of
 man or other animals and which does not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical
 action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being
 metabolized for the achievement of its primary intended purposes. 

The
FDA regulates the design, development, clinical testing, manufacture, labeling, distribution, import and export, sale and promotion of
medical devices. Unless an exemption applies or a product is a Class I device, all medical devices must receive either 510(k) clearance
or an approved pre-market application, or PMA, from the FDA before they may be commercially distributed in the U.S. In addition, certain
modifications made to marketed devices also may require 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA supplement. Unlike approved drug products,
there are no market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA for products regulated as medical devices. 

To
obtain a 510(k) clearance for a device, a pre-market notification to the FDA must be submitted demonstrating that the device is substantially
equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device. For a new device to be found substantially equivalent to one or other
legally marketed predicate devices, the new device must have: 1) the same intended use as a predicate; and 2) either a) the same technological
characteristics as the predicate device or b) different technological characteristics, but the information submitted must not raise new
questions of safety and effectiveness and must demonstrate substantial equivalence. The FDA attempts to respond to a 510(k) pre-market
notification within 90 days of submission, but as a practical matter, pre-market clearance can take significantly longer, potentially
up to one year or more. 

14 

The
PMA process is much more demanding and uncertain than the 510(k) pre-market notification process and must be supported by extensive clinical,
laboratory, technical and other information, including at least one adequate and well-controlled clinical investigation conducted under
an investigational device exemption (IDE). The FDA has 180 days to review an accepted PMA, although the review generally occurs
over a significantly longer period of time and can take up to several years. 

The
FDA has informed us that it regards taurolidine as a new chemical entity and therefore an unapproved new drug. Consequently, for any
other products that we intend to develop as a medical device, there is currently no appropriate predicate device currently marketed in
the U.S. on which a 510(k) approval process could be based. As a result, we will be required to submit a premarket approval application
for marketing authorization for these indications. In the event that the NDA for DefenCath is approved by the FDA, the regulatory pathway
for these taurolidine product candidates can be revisited with the FDA. Although there will presumably still be no appropriate
predicate, de novo Class II designation can be proposed, a process that provides a pathway to classify novel medical
device for which there is no legally marketed predicate device, based on a risk assessment and a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. 

After
a device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply, including: 

Quality
 System Regulations, or QSRs, which require manufacturers to have a quality system for the
 design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and servicing of finished
 medical devices; 

labeling
 regulations, which govern product labels and labeling, prohibit the promotion of products
 for unapproved, or off-label, uses and impose other restrictions on labeling and promotional
 activities; 

medical
 device listing and establishment registration; 

post-approval
 restrictions or conditions, including post-approval study commitments; 

post-market
 surveillance requirements; 

medical
 device reporting, or MDR, regulations, which require that manufacturers evaluate and investigate
 potential adverse events and malfunctions, and report to the FDA if their device may have
 caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely
 cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur; 

regulations
 requiring the reporting of any device corrections or removals if the correction or removal
 was initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or remedy a violation of the
 FDCA which may present a risk to health; and 

the
 FDA s recall authority, whereby it can ask, or under certain conditions order, device
 manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is a risk to health. 

Our
manufacturing facilities, as well as those of certain of our suppliers, are subject to periodic and for-cause inspections by the FDA
and other governmental authorities to verify compliance with the QSR and other regulatory requirements. 

Pricing
and Reimbursement 

Inpatient
Reimbursement 

Initially, and contingent upon FDA approval of
DefenCath, we plan to sell DefenCath primarily to inpatient acute-care hospitals and outpatient dialysis clinics. Most of the nation s
inpatient acute-care hospitals are paid under the inpatient prospective payment system, or IPPS. The IPPS pays a flat rate based
on the average charges across all hospitals for a specific diagnosis, regardless of whether that particular patient costs more or less.
Under the IPPS, each case is categorized into a diagnosis-related group, or DRG to determine the base rate and for specific products that
meet various levels of criteria there is an established New Technology Add-on Payment, or NTAP. There are three levels of criteria required
to be eligible to receive an NTAP and they are: 

1.
Product must meet newness criteria; 

2.
Product must meet substantial clinical evidence and 

3.
Product must meet certain pricing thresholds. 

15 

The
U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, recently created the alternative NTAP approval pathways for certain
technologies. Under the alternative NTAP pathway, devices that obtain breakthrough designation and drugs that obtain QIDP designation
from the FDA need only meet the cost criterion because the CMS assumes that those products meet the newness and substantial clinical
improvement criteria. 

After submission and review of our NTAP application
by CMS, we have been granted a conditional alternative NTAP for the inpatient setting. This reimbursement provides for a maximum per hospital
stay equivalent to 14,259, per patient. With this level of reimbursement in the inpatient setting, we plan to launch DefenCath post-approval
in hospitals first, while outpatient reimbursement remains under determination by CMS. The NTAP is conditioned upon the DefenCath NDA
receiving final FDA approval prior to July 1, 2023. We have submitted a duplicate NTAP application to CMS, should final approval of the
DefenCath NDA not occur prior to July 1, 2023. 

We will seek further CMS reimbursement for DefenCath,
contingent upon approval by the FDA, in other catheter indications and settings of care, such as (i) oncology patients and total parenteral
nutrition patients through relevant hospital inpatient DRGs, (ii) additional NTAP payments, (iii) outpatient ambulatory payment classifications,
or APCs, (iv) the End-Stage Renal Disease Prospective Payment System, or ESRD PPS, base payment, or (v) under the Durable Medical Equipment,
Prosthetics, Orthotics, and Supplies, or DMEPOS, Fee Schedule, depending on the setting of care. 

Outpatient
Reimbursement 

For outpatient reimbursement, we plan to seek separate
reimbursement as a drug. We have engaged CMS in preliminary discussions concerning the reimbursement for DefenCath as a separately billable
product based on statutory definition of a renal dialysis service, or RDS, as codified in 42 C.F.R 413.171. We do not believe DefenCath
is a RDS and should be separately billable due to the following reasons: 

DefenCath is not an item or service included in the composite rate for RDS as of December 31, 2010; 

DefenCath
 is not an erythropoiesis stimulating agent; 

DefenCath
 is not a drug or biological that was furnished to individuals for the treatment of ESRD and
 for which payment was (prior to January 1, 2011) made separately; 

DefenCath s
 first expected indication for use, which is pending FDA review, is not as a treatment for
 ESRD, rather as a broad-spectrum antimicrobial for the reduction of CRBSIs; 

DefenCath
 is not essential for the delivery of maintenance dialysis; 

DefenCath
 is subject to CMS s established mechanism used by ESRD facilities to identify and be
 paid separately for non-ESRD-related drugs and biologicals; 

we
 are planning to use DefenCath for additional indications such as total parental nutrition
 and oncology settings; and 

DefenCath
 is not systemically delivered into a patients body; it dwells in the lumen of the
 CVC until the lumen is accessed, at which time it is aspirated; DefenCath may potentially
 be beneficial in preventing CRBSIs in any population requiring the use of central venous
 catheters. 

If
approved as a separate billable product, reimbursement of DefenCath s cost would be the average selling price, or ASP, plus 4.3 
for CMS, plus 6 for commercially insured patients. 

16 

If
CMS determines DefenCath is a renal dialysis service, we believe DefenCath would be eligible for, and would obtain under the ESRD PPS,
the transitional drug add-on payment adjustment, or TDAPA; however, these qualifications cannot be determined until the FDA approves
DefenCath and CMS evaluates our request for coverage in a quarterly review. If determined to be TDAPA, reimbursement of DefenCath would
be calculated based on its ASP. To be eligible for TDAPA, a new renal drug or biologic must be: 

Approved
 by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 

Commercially
 available; 

Assigned
 a Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System code; 

Identified
 as having an end action effect that treats or manages a condition or conditions associated
 with ESRD; 

Identified
 as not fitting into an established ESRD PPS functional category; and 

Designated
 by CMS as a renal dialysis service. 

Although we cannot anticipate changes in reimbursement
requirements and mechanisms in the coming years, CMS has acknowledged TDAPA payment mechanisms maybe adjusted to encourage innovation
for this patient population. These new payment calculations are yet to be determined. We believe that DefenCath would meet the criterion
of being a new renal dialysis product used to treat or manage a condition associated with ESRD, because taurolidine, the active antimicrobial
agent in DefenCath, is a new chemical entity that has not been approved for use in the U.S. by the FDA. 

In
anticipation that the CMS and private payers will require that we demonstrate the cost effectiveness of DefenCath as part of the reimbursement
review and approval process, we have submitted posters and abstracts to support our health economic analysis and continue to commission
and develop health economic evaluations to support this review in the context of the prospective use of DefenCath in dialysis. Of additional
importance, we are pursuing opportunities to partner with healthcare systems prior to the approval of DefenCath to demonstrate the product s
clinical and economic effectiveness. 

Foreign
Regulatory Requirements 

We
and our collaborative partners may be subject to widely varying foreign regulations, which may be quite different from those of the FDA,
governing clinical trials, manufacture, product registration and approval, and pharmaceutical sales. Whether or not FDA approval has
been obtained, we or our collaboration partners must obtain a separate approval for a product by the comparable regulatory authorities
of foreign countries prior to the commencement of product marketing in those countries. In certain countries, regulatory authorities
also establish pricing and reimbursement criteria. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or
shorter than that required for FDA approval. In addition, under current United States law, there are restrictions on the export of products
not approved by the FDA, depending on the country involved and the status of the product in that country. 

International
sales of medical devices manufactured in the U.S. that are not approved by the FDA for use in the U.S., or are banned or deviate from
lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export requirements. Exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of
each country to which the device is exported. Some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most foreign countries, medical
devices are regulated. Frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in the U.S. to
take advantage of differing regulatory requirements. Most countries outside of the U.S. require that product approvals be recertified
on a regular basis, generally every five years. The recertification process requires that we evaluate any device changes and any new
regulations or standards relevant to the device and conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance. Where recertification
applications are required, they must be approved in order to continue selling our products in those countries. 

Medical
device laws and regulations are in effect in many of the countries in which we may do business outside the United States. These laws
and regulations range from comprehensive device approval requirements for our medical device product to requests for product data or
certifications. The number and scope of these requirements can be complex and could increase. We may not be able to obtain or maintain
regulatory approvals in such countries and we may be required to incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining our foreign regulatory
approvals. In addition, the export of certain of our products which have not yet been cleared for domestic commercial distribution may
be subject to FDA export restrictions. Any failure to obtain product approvals in a timely fashion or to comply with state or foreign
medical device laws and regulations may have a serious adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

17 

Intellectual
Property 

On
January 30, 2008, we entered into a License and Assignment Agreement, or the NDP License Agreement, with ND Partners, LLC, or NDP. Pursuant
to the NDP License Agreement, NDP granted us exclusive, worldwide licenses for certain antimicrobial catheter lock solutions, processes
for treating and inhibiting infections, a biocidal lock system and a taurolidine delivery apparatus, and the corresponding United States
and foreign patents and applications (the NDP Technology ). We acquired such licenses and patents through our assignment
and assumption of NDP s rights under certain separate license agreements by and between NDP and Dr. Hans-Dietrich Polaschegg, Dr.
Klaus Sodemann, and Dr. Johannes Reinmueller. NDP also granted us exclusive licenses, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use and
display certain trademarks in connection with the NDP Technology. As consideration in part for the rights to the NDP Technology, we paid
NDP an initial licensing fee of 325,000 and granted NDP an equity interest in our Company consisting of 73,107 shares of common stock
as of December 31, 2010. In addition, we are required to make payments to NDP upon the achievement of certain regulatory and sales-based
milestones. Certain of the milestone payments are to be made in the form of shares of common stock currently held in escrow for NDP,
and other milestone payments are to be paid in cash. The maximum aggregate number of shares issuable upon achievement of milestones and
the number of shares initially held in escrow is 29,109 shares of common stock. The maximum aggregate amount of cash payments upon achievement
of milestones is 3,000,000 with 2,500,000 remaining at December 31, 2022. Events that trigger milestone payments include but are not
limited to the reaching of various stages of regulatory approval processes and certain worldwide net sales amounts. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2013, a milestone payment of 500,000 was earned by NDP upon the first issuance of the CE Mark for Neutrolin.
Under Article 6 of the NDP License Agreement, we were obligated to make a milestone payment of 500,000 to NDP upon the first issuance
of a CE Mark for a licensed product, which payment was payable to NDP within 30 days after such issuance. On April 11, 2013, we entered
into an amendment to the NDP License Agreement which extended the milestone payment from within 30 days after such issuance to within
twelve months after the achievement of such issuance. As consideration for the amendment, we issued NDP a five-year warrant to purchase
25,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 7.50 per share. The warrant, which was exercisable immediately upon issuance,
expired in April 2018. In January 2014, the 500,000 milestone payment due to NDP was converted into 10,000 Series C-3 non-voting preferred
stock and a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 4.50 per share. These warrants expired during
the year ended December 31, 2020. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2014, a certain milestone was achieved resulting in the release of 7,277 shares held in escrow. The number
of shares held in escrow as of December 31, 2022 is 21,832 shares of common stock. There were no milestones achieved in 2022 or 2021. 

The
NDP License Agreement will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the earlier of (i) the expiration of the last patent claim under
the NDP License Agreement in a given country, or (ii) the payment of all milestone payments and release of all shares of our common stock
held in escrow under the NDP License Agreement. Upon the expiration of the NDP License Agreement in each country, we will have an irrevocable,
perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free exclusive license to the NDP Technology in such country. The NDP License Agreement also may be
terminated by NDP if we materially breach or default under the NDP License Agreement and that breach is not cured within 60 days following
the delivery of written notice to us, or by us on a country-by-country basis upon 60 days prior written notice. If the NDP License Agreement
is terminated by either party, our rights to the NDP Technology will revert back to NDP. 

We
believe that the patents and patent applications we have licensed pursuant to the NDP License Agreement cover effective solutions to
the various medical problems discussed previously when using taurolidine in clinical applications, and specifically in hemodialysis applications.
Our patent portfolio consists of 6 issued U.S. patents and 11 pending U.S. patent applications; 19 issued foreign patents and 45 pending
foreign patent applications. Additional patent applications will be filed to cover any additional related subject matter developed. The
patents cover additional applications using taurolidine in, among others, sutures, hydrogels, meshes, transdermal and biofilm products. 

18 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As
of March 24, 2023, we employed 40 full-time employees and one part-time employee, who work out of our corporate offices in Berkeley Heights
NJ or work remotely in various locations throughout the United States and Europe. We are committed to diversity, equity and inclusion,
regardless of gender or race/ethnicity, or any protected status, and conduct training to reflect our commitment as an organization and
build awareness. 

We
invest in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and benefits. We endeavor to foster a strong sense of ownership by offering
stock options under our stock incentive program. We also offer comprehensive and locally relevant benefits for all eligible employees.
We recognize and support the growth and development of our employees and we provide performance feedback and conduct employee goal and
development discussions. 

None
of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We emphasize organizational communication and consider our relationship
with our employees to be strong. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were organized as a Delaware corporation on July 28, 2006 under the name Picton Holding Company, Inc. and we changed our
corporate name to CorMedix Inc. on January 18, 2007. Our principal executive offices are located at 300 Connell Drive,
Suite 4200, Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922. Our telephone number is (908) 517-9500. 

In
November 2020, we filed a shelf registration statement, (the 2020 Shelf Registration ), under which we could issue and sell
up to an aggregate of 100.0 million of shares of our common stock, 0.001 par value per share. On November 27, 2020, we entered into
an Amended and Restated At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Amended Sales Agreement with FBR Securities, Inc. (formerly
known as B. Riley Securities, Inc.) and Needham Company, LLC as sales agents. The Amended Sales Agreement relates to the sale of
shares of up to 50.0 million of our common stock under our at-the-market program (the ATM program ), of which we may issue
and sell common stock from time to time through the sales agents, subject to limitations imposed by us and subject to the sales agents 
acceptance, such as the number or dollar amount of shares registered under the 2020 Shelf Registration to which the offering relates.
Sales agents are entitled to a commission of up to 3 of the gross proceeds from the sale of common stock sold under the ATM program.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the ATM program under the Amended Sales Agreement had been fully sold. 

On
August 12, 2021, we entered into a new At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with Truist Securities, Inc. and JMP Securities LLC, as sales
agents, pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, an aggregate of up to 50.0 million of our common stock through the sales agents
under our ATM program, subject to limitations imposed by us and subject to the sales agents acceptance, such as the number or
dollar amount of shares registered under the 2020 Shelf Registration to which the offering relates. The sales agents are entitled to
a commission of up to 3 of the gross proceeds from the sale of common stock sold under the ATM program. As of December 31, 2022, we
have 31.6 million available under our ATM program relating to our 2020 Shelf Registration. 

Also,
on August 12, 2021, we filed a new shelf registration statement (the 2021 Shelf Registration for the issuance of up to
 150.0 million of shares of our common stock which is currently available for the issuance of equity, debt or equity-linked securities. 

We maintain the websites at www.cormedix.com and www.crbis.com; however,
the information on, or that can be accessed through, our website or certain information in our website is not part of this report. This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of our filings under the Exchange Act, including copies of annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website on the
date we file those materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Such filings
are also available to the public on the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

19 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

We
have a history of operating losses, expect to incur additional operating losses in the future and may never be profitable. 

Our prospects must be considered in light
of the uncertainties, risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of operation. We incurred
net losses of approximately 29.7 million and 28.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December
31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 275.4 million. We expect to incur substantial additional operating expenses
over the next several years as our research, development, pre-clinical testing, clinical trial and commercialization activities increase
as we commercialize DefenCath and develop our other product candidates. As a result, we expect to experience negative cash flow as we
fund our operating losses and capital expenditures. The amount of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are
uncertain. We have not generated any significant commercial revenue and do not expect to generate substantial revenues from DefenCath
unless and until it is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA and launched in the United States U.S. market, and we might never generate significant revenues from the sale of DefenCath or any other products. Our ability
to generate revenue and achieve profitability will depend on, among other things, the following: obtaining FDA approval of DefenCath
for the prevention of catheter-related bloodstream infections CRBSIs in patients with kidney failure receiving hemodialysis
through a central venous catheter; successfully launching and marketing DefenCath in the U.S., if approved by the FDA; successfully marketing
Neutrolin in foreign countries in which it is approved for sale; obtaining necessary regulatory approvals for our other product candidates
from the FDA and, if sought, international regulatory agencies; establishing manufacturing, sales, and marketing arrangements, either
alone or with third parties; and raising sufficient funds to finance our activities. We might not succeed at any of these undertakings.
If we are unsuccessful at some or all of these undertakings, our business, prospects, and results of operations may be materially adversely
affected. 

Our
cost of operations could increase significantly more than what we expect depending on the costs to complete our development program for
DefenCath. 

Our
operations are subject to a number of factors that can affect our operating results and financial condition. Such factors include, but
are not limited to: the results of clinical testing and trial activities of our product candidates; the ability to obtain regulatory
approval to market our products; ability to manufacture successfully; competition from products manufactured and sold or being developed
by other companies; the price of, and demand for, our products; our ability to negotiate favorable licensing or other manufacturing and
marketing agreements for our products; and our ability to raise capital to support our operations. 

To
date, our commercial operations have not generated sufficient revenues to enable profitability. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 275.4 million, and incurred net losses of 29.7 million for the year then ended. Based on the current development and commercialization
plans for DefenCath in both the U.S. and foreign markets (including the concluded hemodialysis Phase 3 clinical trial in the U.S.) and
our other operating requirements, management believes that the existing cash at December 31, 2022, after taking into consideration the
costs for resubmission of the NDA and initial preparations for the commercial launch for DefenCath, will be sufficient to fund operations
for at least twelve months from the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will likely need additional funding to build out
our commercial infrastructure should we receive FDA approval and to continue our operations should we decide to market and sell DefenCath
in the U.S. on our own. Additional funding may also be required for the planned label expansion studies for DefenCath. 

Our
continued operations will ultimately depend on our ability to raise additional capital through various potential sources, such as equity
and/or debt financings, strategic relationships, potential strategic transactions or out-licensing of our products in order to complete
the development and commercialization of DefenCath and until we achieve profitability, if ever. We can provide no assurances that such
financing or strategic relationships will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Without this funding, we could be required to
delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs which would likely have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

We
will likely need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate
collaboration and licensing arrangements. Any additional funds that we obtain may not be on terms favorable to us or our
stockholders and may require us to relinquish valuable rights. 

Unless and until we receive applicable
regulatory approval for DefenCath in the U.S., we cannot sell DefenCath in the U.S. We have begun the process of winding down our operations
in the EU and discontinued Neutrolin sales in both the EU and the Middle East. 

20 

We
believe that our cash resources as of December 31, 2022, after taking into consideration the costs for resubmission of the NDA and
initial preparations for the commercial launch for DefenCath, will be sufficient to fund operations for at least twelve months from
the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Nevertheless, we will likely need to raise additional funds through financings or
strategic relationships if our costs exceed our expectations, as well as funds for our continued operations. We can provide no
assurances that any financing or strategic relationships will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We expect to
continue to use significant cash to fund our operations as we seek FDA approval of DefenCath in the U.S., commercialize DefenCath in
the U.S and other markets, if approved by the FDA, pursue development of our medical devices and other business development
activities, and incur additional legal costs to defend our intellectual property. 

To
raise needed capital, we may sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain a bank credit facility, or enter into a corporate collaboration
or licensing arrangement. The sale of additional equity or debt securities, if convertible, could result in dilution to our stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness would result in fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations.
Raising additional funds through collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties may require us to relinquish valuable rights
to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable
to us or our stockholders. 

Risks
Related to the Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

DefenCath,
our lead product candidate, has received Fast Track designation and Qualified Infectious Disease Product designation from FDA, but we
cannot provide assurances that these designations will not be rescinded. 

DefenCath
is being developed as a catheter lock solution for the reduction of CRBSIs in patients with kidney failure receiving chronic hemodialysis
through a central venous catheter. The FDA has determined that DefenCath will be regulated as a New Drug, because it contains the new
chemical entity taurolidine as a novel antimicrobial agent. After we filed the Investigational New Drug Application IND ),
FDA granted designations as Fast Track and a Qualified Infectious Disease Product QIDP in January 2015. Fast Track is
designed to facilitate development of a drug that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and address an unmet medical
need. Fast Track confers eligibility to request priority review of an NDA, with FDA s decision regarding potential priority review
to be made after receipt of a complete application. QIDP was established pursuant to the Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now GAIN Act and creates incentives for the development of antibacterial and antifungal drug products that treat serious or life-threatening infections.
Subject to the specified statutory limitations, a drug that is designated as QIDP and is approved for the use for which the QIDP designation
was granted will receive a 5-year extension to any exclusivity for which the application qualifies upon approval, such as the 5-year
exclusivity for a new chemical entity. We cannot provide assurances that DefenCath will retain these designations and continue to receive
the benefits conferred. 

If
the FDA requires a second clinical trial for DefenCath or imposes additional manufacturing requirements to approve the New Drug
Application, the development of DefenCath will take longer and cost more to complete, and we will likely need significant additional
funds to undertake a second trial, if required. 

Although
two pivotal clinical trials to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of DefenCath are generally required by the FDA to secure marketing
approval in the U.S., FDA will in some cases accept one adequate and well-controlled trial, where it is a large multicenter trial with
a broad range of subjects and investigation sites with procedures to include trial quality that has demonstrated a clinically meaningful
and statistically very persuasive effect on prevention of a disease with potentially serious outcome. We discussed submission of the
NDA with the FDA based on the data from LOCK-IT-100 and were granted our request for rolling submission and review of the NDA for DefenCath
as a catheter lock solution for the prevention of CRBSIs in patients with end stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through a central
venous catheter. In August 2020, the FDA accepted the DefenCath NDA for filing and granted our request for priority review, with a PDUFA
date of February 28, 2021. As we announced in March 2021, the FDA informed us in a Complete Response Letter CRL that
it could not approve the NDA for DefenCath in its present form, because of concerns at the third-party manufacturing facility and a requirement
to conduct a manual extraction study to demonstrate that the labeled volume can be consistently withdrawn from the vials despite an existing
in-process control to demonstrate fill volume within specifications. The FDA did not request additional clinical data and did not identify
any deficiencies related to the data submitted on the efficacy and safety of DefenCath from LOCK-IT-100. In draft labeling discussed
with FDA, the FDA added that the initial approval will be for the limited population of patients with kidney failure receiving chronic
hemodialysis through a central venous catheter. This is consistent with our request for approval of the NDA pursuant to the Limited Population
Pathway for Antibacterial and Antifungal Drugs LPAD pathway, which was passed as part of the 21 st Century
Cures Act. LPAD is intended to expedite the development and approval of certain antibacterial and antifungal drugs which meet three criteria:
 intended to treat serious or life-threatening infections; in limited populations of patients; and with unmet needs. The LPAD
pathway provides for a streamlined clinical development program for a limited population that may involve smaller, shorter or fewer clinical
trials. Labeling of an LPAD approved product will specify the use in the limited population. In February 2022, we resubmitted the NDA
after addressing the manufacturing concerns, but we received a second CRL, because the FDA issued a Warning Letter to our heparin API
supplier for manufacturing concerns for an unrelated product and identified deficiencies at our primary CMO during a pre-approval inspection.
Until the NDA is approved, if the FDA raises issues related to the clinical trial results, we may incur additional costs and delays in
the trial, and may not be able to complete the clinical trial in a cost-effective or timely manner, which would have an adverse effect
on our development program for DefenCath as a treatment for catheter-related bloodstream infections. 

21 

Final
approval by regulatory authorities of our product candidates for commercial use may be delayed, limited or prevented, any of which would
adversely affect our ability to generate operating revenues. 

Our
ability to generate operating revenue will be severely limited until we successfully commercialize DefenCath in the United States. We
may experience unforeseen events during product development, scale up and/or manufacturing validation that may substantially delay or
prevent product approval. For example, in the course of conducting a clinical trial, the FDA could order the temporary, or permanent,
discontinuation at any time if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements
or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. An Institutional Review Board IRB may also require the
clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements or
if the trial poses an unexpected serious harm to clinical trial patients. The FDA or an IRB may also impose conditions on the conduct
of a clinical trial. Clinical trial sponsors may also choose to discontinue clinical trials as a result of risks to clinical trial patients,
a lack of favorable results, or changing business priorities. 

The
clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, export, marketing, promotion and distribution, and
other possible activities relating to our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies.
Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may, either before or after product approval, subject us to administrative
or judicially imposed sanctions that may negatively impact the approval of one or more of our product candidates or otherwise negatively
impact our business. Compliance with such regulations may consume substantial financial and management resources and expose us and our
collaborators to the potential for other adverse circumstances. For example, a regulatory authority can place restrictions on the sale
or marketing of a drug in order to manage the risks identified during initial clinical trials or after the drug is on the market. A regulatory
authority can condition the approval for a drug on costly post-marketing follow-up studies. Based on these studies, if a regulatory authority
does not believe that the drug demonstrates a clinical benefit to patients or an acceptable safety profile, it could limit the indications
for which a drug may be sold or revoke the drug s marketing approval. In addition, identification of certain side effects either
during clinical trials or after a drug is on the market may result in reformulation of a drug, additional pre-clinical and clinical trials,
labeling changes, termination of ongoing clinical trials or withdrawal of approval. Any of these events could delay or prevent us from
generating revenue from the commercialization of these drugs and cause us to incur significant additional costs. 

We
are not permitted to market a product candidate in the United States until the particular product candidate is approved for marketing
by the FDA. Specific pre-clinical data, chemistry, manufacturing and controls data, a proposed clinical trial protocol and other information
must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND application, and clinical trials may commence only after the IND application becomes effective.
To market a new drug in the United States, we must submit to the FDA and obtain FDA approval of an NDA. An NDA must be supported by extensive
clinical and pre-clinical data, as well as extensive information regarding chemistry, manufacturing and controls, to demonstrate the
safety and effectiveness of the product candidate, and the FDA will also assess whether the manufacturing processes and facilities are
suitable to support the application. Approval of an NDA may be delayed due to delays in FDA s review of the manufacturing facility,
which may require an onsite inspection. 

Obtaining
approval of an NDA can be a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. Review time can be impacted by the quality of the information included
in the application, FDA s internal resources such as the availability of reviewers, or requests from the FDA for additional information.
Regulatory approval of an NDA is not guaranteed. The number and types of pre-clinical studies and clinical trials that will be required
for FDA approval varies depending on the product candidate, the disease or condition that the product candidate is designed to target
and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. Despite the time and expense exerted in pre-clinical and clinical
studies, failure can occur at any stage, and we could encounter problems that delay our product candidate development or that cause us
to abandon clinical trials or to repeat or perform additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. The FDA can delay, limit or deny
approval of a product candidate for many reasons, and product candidate development programs may be delayed or may not be successful
for many reasons including but not limited to, the following: 

the
 FDA or IRBs may not authorize us to commence, amend, or continue clinical studies; 

we
 may not be able to enroll a sufficient number of qualified patients for clinical trials in
 a timely manner or at all, patients may drop out of our clinical trials or be lost to follow-up
 at a higher rate than we anticipate, patients may not follow the clinical trial procedures,
 or the number of patients required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate; 

the
 FDA may not accept an NDA or other submission due to, among other reasons, the content or
 formatting of the submission; 

a
 product candidate may not be deemed adequately safe or effective for an intended use; 

22 

the
 FDA may not find the data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials sufficient; 

the
 FDA may require that we conduct additional pre-clinical or clinical studies, change our manufacturing
 process, or gather additional manufacturing information above what we currently have planned
 for; 

the
 FDA s interpretation and our interpretation of data from pre-clinical studies and clinical
 trials or chemistry, manufacturing and controls data may differ significantly; 

the
 FDA may not agree with our intended indications, the design of our clinical or pre-clinical
 studies, or there may be a flaw in the design that does not become apparent until the studies
 are well advanced; 

we
 may not be able to establish agreements with contractors or collaborators or they or we may
 fail to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements, including those identified
 in other risk factors; 

the
 FDA may not accept aspects of our proposed labeling, or may impose specific limitations in
 the labeling and require post-marking commitments or Phase 4 clinical trials before the labeling
 can be expanded; 

the
 FDA may determine that the manufacturing processes and facilities for our product candidate
 do not have sufficient good manufacturing practice (GMP) controls in place to support approval;
 or 

the
 FDA may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

Our
pre-clinical and clinical data, other information and procedures relating to a product candidate may not be sufficient to support approval
by the FDA or any other U.S. or foreign regulatory authority, or regulatory interpretation of these data and procedures may be unfavorable.
Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market
on an expedited basis. Our business and reputation may be harmed by any failure or significant delay in receiving regulatory approval
for the sale of any drugs resulting from our product candidates. As a result, we cannot predict when or whether regulatory approval will
be obtained for any drug we develop. 

Additionally,
other factors may serve to delay, limit or prevent the final approval by regulatory authorities of our product candidates for commercial
use, including, but not limited to: 

we
 or our licensees will need to conduct significant clinical testing and development work to
 demonstrate the quality, safety, and efficacy of these product candidates before applications
 for marketing can be filed with the FDA, or with the regulatory authorities of other countries; 

development
 and testing of product formulation, including identification of suitable excipients, or chemical
 additives intended to facilitate delivery of our product candidates; 

it
 may take us many years to complete the testing of our product candidates, and failure can
 occur at any stage of this process; 

negative
 or inconclusive results or adverse medical events during a clinical trial could cause us
 to delay or terminate our development efforts; and 

inspection
 delay given the FDA s current backlog of foreign inspections. 

The successful development
of any of these product candidates is uncertain and, accordingly, we may never commercialize any of these product candidates or generate
significant revenue. 

23 

Successful
development and commercialization of our products is uncertain. 

Our
development and commercialization of current and future product candidates is subject to the risks of failure and delay inherent in the
development of new pharmaceutical products, including but not limited to the following: 

inability
 to produce positive data in pre-clinical and clinical trials; 

delays
 in product development, pre-clinical and clinical testing, or manufacturing; 

unplanned
 expenditures in product development, clinical testing, or manufacturing; 

challenges
 with securing the heparin supply chain; 

uncertainties
 relating to, or changes in FDA view of, the appropriate product approval pathway; 

failure
 to obtain treatment of a drug or application under expedited development and review programs
 or to obtain marketing exclusivities; 

failure
 to receive or maintain regulatory approvals; 

emergence
 of superior or equivalent products; 

inability
 to manufacture our product candidates on a commercial scale on our own, or in collaboration
 with third parties; 

failure
 to comply with a broad range of post-marketing requirements including those related to labeling,
 promotion and advertising, manufacturing and quality, pharmacovigilance and adverse event
 reporting, commercial distribution and supply chain requirements, and drug sample distribution
 requirements; and 

failure
 to achieve market acceptance. 

Because
of these risks, our development efforts may not result in any commercially viable products. If a significant portion of these development
efforts are not successfully completed, required regulatory approvals are not obtained or any approved products are not commercialized
successfully, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially harmed. 

If
we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur
costs that could harm our business. 

From
time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological
materials, and may also produce hazardous waste. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste,
we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury
resulting from the use or disposal of our hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could
exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply
with such laws and regulations. 

In
addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
Current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure
to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

The
successful commercialization of DefenCath will depend on obtaining coverage and reimbursement for use of DefenCath from third-party payors. 

Sales
of pharmaceutical products largely depend on the reimbursement of patients medical expenses by government health care programs
and/or private health insurers, both in the U.S. and abroad. Further, significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of
newly approved health care products. We initially expect to sell DefenCath directly to hospitals and key dialysis center operators, but
also plan to expand its usage into oncology and total parenteral nutrition patients requiring catheters once those indications can be
secured. All of these potential customers are healthcare providers who depend upon reimbursement by government and commercial insurance
payors for dialysis and other treatments. Depending on the treatment setting, we believe that DefenCath would be eligible for coverage
under various reimbursement programs, such as the Inpatient Prospective Payment System IPPS ), End Stage Renal Disease ESRD Prospective Payment System and ESRD Quality Incentive Program; however, coverage by any of these reimbursement programs
is not assured, and even if coverage is granted, it could later be revoked or modified under future regulations. Further, the U.S. Centers
for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), which administers Medicare, and works with states to administer Medicaid, has
adopted and will continue to adopt and/or amend rules governing reimbursement for specific treatments. We anticipate that CMS and private
insurers may increasingly demand that manufacturers demonstrate the cost effectiveness of their products as part of the reimbursement
review and approval process. Rising healthcare costs have also led many European and other foreign countries to adopt healthcare reform
proposals and medical cost containment measures. Similar legislation could be introduced in the U.S. Any measures affecting the reimbursement
programs of these governmental and private insurance payors, including any uncertainty in the medical community regarding their nature
and effect on reimbursement programs, could have an adverse effect on purchasing decisions regarding DefenCath, as well as limit the
prices we may charge for DefenCath. The failure to obtain or maintain reimbursement coverage for DefenCath or any other products could
materially harm our operations. 

24 

In
anticipation that the CMS and private payers will demand that we demonstrate the cost effectiveness of DefenCath as part of the reimbursement
review and approval process, we have submitted posters and abstracts to support our health economic analysis and continue to commission
and develop health economic evaluations to support this review in the context of the prospective use of DefenCath in dialysis. Most importantly,
we are pursuing opportunities to work with healthcare systems pre and post-approval to baseline and continue to demonstrate the products
clinical and economic effectiveness. However, our studies might not be sufficient to support coverage or reimbursement at levels that
allow providers to use DefenCath. 

Physicians
and patients may not accept and use our products. 

Even
if we receive FDA or other foreign regulatory approval for DefenCath/Neutrolin or other product candidates, healthcare institutions,
physicians and patients may not accept and use our products. Acceptance and use of our products will depend upon a number of factors
including the following: 

perceptions
 by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness
 of our drug or device product; 

prevalence
 of the disease to be treated or prevented; 

prevalence
 and severity of any side effects; 

cost-effectiveness
 of our product relative to current standard of care; 

availability
 of coverage and reimbursement from government and other third-party payers; 

timing
 of market introduction of our drugs and competitive drugs; 

effectiveness
 of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors, if any; 

potential
 or perceived advantages or disadvantages over alternative treatments; 

potential
 post-marketing commitments imposed by regulatory authorities, such as patient registries; 

price
 of our future products, both in absolute terms and relative to alternative treatments; and 

the
 effect of current and future healthcare laws and regulations on our product candidates. 

Because
we expect sales of DefenCath to generate substantially all of our product revenues for the foreseeable future, the failure of DefenCath
to find market acceptance would harm our business and would require us to seek additional financing. 

Changes
in funding for the FDA and other government agencies or future government shutdowns or disruptions could cause delays in the submission
and regulatory review of marketing applications, which could negatively impact our business or prospects. 

The
ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding
levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept submission, applications, and the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory,
and policy changes. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject
to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. The impact of global events, including terrorism, natural disasters
and pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other health emergencies, may also cause disruptions in the normal functioning
of the FDA or other government agencies. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies,
which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22,
2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, had to furlough critical FDA
employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption to the normal functioning of government
agencies occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business or prospects. 

25 

The
resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic, or other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease may materially and adversely impact
our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Global health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and related
government actions to reduce the spread of the virus have had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce,
as worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; facilities and production have been suspended; and demand for certain
goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, has spiked, while demand for other goods and services, such as travel, has
fallen. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, governmental authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including
travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns across much of
the United States, Europe and Asia, including in the locations of our offices, clinical trial sites, key vendors and partners. Such shelter
in place orders were previously lifted, at least partially, in many locations. A resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other
pandemic, may lead to the re-imposition by many nations and the U.S. of quarantine requirements for travelers from other regions and may
lead to the re-imposition of shelter-in-place or other similar orders. If an onsite inspection of the third-party manufacturing
facility of our contract manufacturer is required for the satisfactory resolution of issues required for approval of the DefenCath NDA,
the Company may encounter additional delays in obtaining FDA approval because the FDA is currently facing a backlog due to the lingering
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

As a result of the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar
pandemics, we have and may in the future experience disruptions that could materially and adversely impact our clinical trials, business,
financial condition and results of operations. Potential disruptions include but are not limited to: 

delays
 or difficulties at our third-party vendors on whom we are dependent for manufacturing activities; 

delays
 or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 

delays
 or difficulties in initiating or expanding clinical trials, including delays or difficulties
 with clinical site initiation and recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site
 staff; 

increased
 rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of
 contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion
 of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct
 of our clinical trials; 

interruption
 of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations
 on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or
 interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures, which may impact the
 integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; 

interruption
 or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, including a halt
 in on-site inspections, which may impact review and approval timelines for our NDA; 

delays
 or disruptions in preclinical experiments and investigational new drug application-enabling
 studies due to restrictions of on-site staff and unforeseen circumstances at contract research
 organizations and vendors; 

interruption
 of, or delays in receiving supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing
 organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions
 in delivery systems; 

limitations
 on our ability to recruit and hire key personnel due to our inability to meet with candidates
 because of travel restrictions and shelter in place orders; 

limitations
 on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our preclinical studies
 and clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the
 desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; and 

interruption
 or delays to our sourced discovery and clinical activities. 

26 

In addition, the trading prices for our common stock and other biopharmaceutical
companies have been highly volatile as a result of the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we may face difficulties
raising capital through sales of our common stock or such sales may be on unfavorable terms. 

Clinical
trials required for our product candidates may be expensive and time-consuming, and their outcome is uncertain. 

In order to obtain FDA or foreign approval
to market a new drug or device product, we must demonstrate proof of safety and effectiveness in humans. Foreign regulations and requirements
are similar to those of the FDA. To meet FDA requirements, we must conduct adequate and well-controlled clinical trials.
Conducting clinical trials is a lengthy, time-consuming, and expensive process. The length of time may vary substantially according to
the type, complexity, novelty, and intended use of the product candidate, and often can be several years or more per trial. Delays associated
with the DefenCath development program or the development plans for any other product candidates may cause us to incur additional operating
expenses. The commencement and rate of completion of clinical trials may be delayed by many factors, including, for example: 

inability
to manufacture sufficient quantities of qualified materials under the FDA s cGMP requirements for use in clinical trials; 

slower
than expected rates of patient recruitment; 

failure
 to recruit a sufficient number of patients; 

modification
 of clinical trial protocols; 

changes
 in regulatory requirements for clinical trials; 

lack
 of effectiveness during clinical trials; 

emergence
 of unforeseen safety issues; 

delays,
 suspension, or termination of clinical trials due to the IRB responsible for overseeing the
 study at a particular study site; and 

government
 or regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension or termination
 of the trials. 

Further,
the results from early pre-clinical and clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of results to be obtained in later clinical trials.
Accordingly, even if we obtain positive results from early pre-clinical or clinical trials, we may not achieve the same success in later
clinical trials. Moreover, comparisons of results across different studies should be viewed with caution as such comparisons are limited
by a number of factors, including differences in study designs and populations. Such comparisons also will not provide a sufficient basis
for any comparative claims following product approval. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may
delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals or commercialization. Negative or inconclusive results or adverse medical events during
a clinical trial could cause a clinical trial to be delayed, repeated or terminated, or a clinical program to be abandoned. 

Our
clinical trials may be conducted in patients with serious or life-threatening diseases for whom conventional treatments have been unsuccessful
or for whom no conventional treatment exists, and in some cases, our product is expected to be used in combination with approved therapies
that themselves have significant adverse event profiles. During the course of treatment, these patients could suffer adverse medical
events or die for reasons that may or may not be related to our products. We cannot ensure that safety issues will not arise with respect
to our products in clinical development. 

Clinical
trials may not demonstrate statistically significant safety and effectiveness to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for product
candidates. The failure of clinical trials to demonstrate safety and effectiveness for the desired indications could harm the development
of our product candidates. Such a failure could cause us to abandon a product candidate and could delay development of other product
candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials would delay the filing of any NDA or any Premarket Approval Application,
or PMA, with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate product revenues. Any change in,
or termination of, our clinical trials could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Even
if approved, our products will be subject to extensive post-approval regulation. 

Once a product is approved, numerous post-approval
requirements apply in the United States and abroad. These include, among other things, requirements related to pharmacovigilance and
adverse event and other reporting, supply chain security requirements, suspect and illegitimate product investigations and notifications,
limitations on product advertising and promotion and on the distribution of product samples, and ongoing adherence to cGMPs, as well
as the need to submit appropriate new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product,
product labeling, or manufacturing process. Establishing and maintaining systems and procedures for compliance with these requirements,
and for training and monitoring personnel relative to their compliance, is expensive, time consuming, and an ongoing effort. Depending
on the circumstances, failure to meet these post-approval requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines, injunctions, recall
or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, or refusal
to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. In addition, even if we comply with FDA, foreign and other
requirements, new information regarding the safety or effectiveness of a product could lead the FDA or a foreign regulatory body to modify
or withdraw product approval. 

27 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

Competition
and technological change may make our product candidates and technologies less attractive or obsolete. 

We compete with established pharmaceutical
and medical device companies that are pursuing other forms of prevention or treatment for the same or similar indications we are pursuing
and that have greater financial and other resources. Other companies may succeed in developing products earlier than we do, obtaining
FDA or any other regulatory agency approval for products more rapidly, or developing products that are more effective than our product
candidates. Research and development by others may render our technology or product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive, or result
in processes, treatments or cures superior to any therapy we develop. We face competition from companies that internally develop competing
technology or acquire competing technology from universities and other research institutions. As these companies develop their technologies,
they may develop competitive positions that may prevent, make futile, or limit our product commercialization efforts, which would result
in a decrease in the revenue we would be able to derive from the sale of any products. 

There
can be no assurance that DefenCath or any other product candidate will be accepted by the marketplace as readily as these or other competing
treatments. Furthermore, if our competitors products are approved before ours, it could be more difficult for us to obtain approval
from the FDA or any other regulatory agency. Even if our products are successfully developed and approved for use by all governing regulatory
bodies, there can be no assurance that physicians and patients will accept any of our products as a treatment of choice. 

Furthermore,
the pharmaceutical and medical device industry is diverse, complex, and rapidly changing. By its nature, the business risks associated
with the industry are numerous and significant. The effects of competition, intellectual property disputes, market acceptance, and FDA
or other regulatory agency regulations preclude us from forecasting regulatory approval, product acceptance, revenues or income with
certainty or even confidence. 

Healthcare
policy changes, including reimbursement policies for drugs and medical devices, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
future revenues, profitability and access to capital will be affected by the continuing efforts of governmental and private third-party
payors to manage, contain or reduce the costs of health care through various means, such as capping prices, limiting price increases,
reducing reimbursement, and requiring rebates. Market acceptance and sales of DefenCath or any other product candidates that we develop
will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected by health care reform measures in the U.S. and abroad. Government authorities
and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers, decide which drugs they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels.
We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for DefenCath or any other product candidates that we develop. Also, we cannot
be sure that the amount of reimbursement available, if any, will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products. If reimbursement
is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize DefenCath or any other product
candidates that we develop. 

In
both the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been and we expect there will continue to be a number of legislative and
regulatory changes to the health care system that could affect our ability to sell our approved products profitably. The U.S. government
and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform. In particular, the Medicare Modernization Act of
2003 revised the payment methodology for many products under the Medicare program in the United States. This has resulted in lower rates
of reimbursement. In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), was enacted. The Affordable Care Act substantially changed the way healthcare
is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Such government-adopted reform measures may adversely affect the pricing of healthcare
products and services in the U.S. or internationally and the amount of reimbursement available from governmental agencies or other third-party
payors. 

28 

In
recent years, the U.S. Congress has sought to repeal and has significantly amended the Affordable Care Act. We expect that there will
continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and third-party payors to keep healthcare costs
down while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose limitations on the prices we will be able
to charge for any products that are approved or the amounts of reimbursement available for these products from governmental agencies
or other third-party payors or may increase the tax requirements for life sciences companies such as ours. Any such legislation could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

There
has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which have resulted
in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills by Congress and the states designed to, among other things,
bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government
program reimbursement methodologies for products. In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have
shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements
for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs to limit the growth of government paid health care costs. For example,
the U.S. government has passed legislation requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide rebates and discounts to certain entities
and governmental payors to participate in federal healthcare programs. Further, Congress and the current administration have each indicated
that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs, and the current administration recently
released a Blueprint , or plan, to reduce the cost of drugs. The current administration s Blueprint contains certain
measures that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is already working to implement. Individual states in the United States
have also been increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including
price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Any
reduction in reimbursement rates under Medicare or private insurers or foreign health care programs could negatively affect the pricing
of our products. If we are not able to charge a sufficient amount for our products, then our margins and our profitability will be adversely
affected. 

If
we lose key management or scientific personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or experience
increases in compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. 

We
are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff, specifically, Joseph Todisco, our Chief Executive
Officer, Dr. Matthew David, our Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Phoebe Mounts, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Elizabeth
Hurlburt, our Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical Operations and Erin Mistry, our Chief Commercial Officer. Our future success
will depend in part on our ability to identify, hire, and retain current and additional personnel. We experience intense competition
for qualified personnel and may be unable to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development of our business. Moreover,
our work force is located in the New York metropolitan area, where competition for personnel with the scientific and technical skills
that we seek is extremely high and is likely to remain high. Because of this competition, our compensation costs may increase significantly.
In addition, we have only limited ability to prevent former employees from competing with us. 

If
we are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business may be harmed. 

Over
time, we expect to hire additional qualified personnel with expertise in government regulation, formulation and manufacturing, and sales
and marketing, among others. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous pharmaceutical companies, universities and other research
institutions. Competition for such individuals is intense, and we cannot be certain that our search for such personnel will be successful.
Attracting and retaining such qualified personnel will be critical to our success. 

We
may not successfully manage our growth. 

Our
success will depend upon the expansion of our operations to commercialize DefenCath and the effective management of any growth, which
could place a significant strain on our management and our administrative, operational and financial resources. To manage this growth,
we may need to expand our facilities, augment our operational, financial and management systems and hire and train additional qualified
personnel. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business may be materially harmed. 

29 

We
face the risk of product liability claims and the amount of insurance coverage we hold now or in the future may not be adequate to cover
all liabilities we might incur. 

Our
business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the development of drugs. If the use of one or more
of our or our collaborators drugs or devices harms people, we may be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims brought
against us by clinical trial participants, consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products. 

We
currently carry product liability insurance. We cannot predict all of the possible harms or side effects that may result and, therefore,
the amount of insurance coverage we hold may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we might incur. Our insurance covers bodily injury
and property damage arising from our clinical trials, subject to industry-standard terms, conditions and exclusions. Our coverage also
includes the sale of commercial products. 

If
we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we may be exposed
to significant liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. If we are sued for any injury
allegedly caused by our or our collaborators products and do not have sufficient insurance coverage, our liability could exceed
our total assets and our ability to pay the liability. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would
decrease our cash and could cause the value of our capital stock to decrease. 

We
may be exposed to liability claims associated with the use of hazardous materials and chemicals. 

Our
research, development and manufacturing activities and/or those of our third-party contractors may involve the controlled use of hazardous
materials and chemicals. Although we believe that our safety procedures for using, storing, handling and disposing of these materials
comply with federal, state and local, as well as foreign, laws and regulations, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental
injury or contamination from these materials. In the event of such an accident, we and the third-party could be held liable for any resulting
damages and any liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
the federal, state and local, as well as foreign, laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal
of hazardous or radioactive materials and waste products may require us to incur substantial compliance costs that could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Negative
U.S. and global economic conditions may pose challenges to our business strategy, which relies on funding from the financial markets
or collaborators. 

Negative
conditions in the U.S. or global economy, including financial markets, may adversely affect our business and the business of current
and prospective vendors, licensees and collaborators, and others with whom we do or may conduct business. The U.S. or global economy
may experience disruptions as the result of international hostilities, natural disasters, pandemics, other international health emergencies,
or weather-related or similar events (such as fires, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, landslides and other natural conditions including
the effects of climate change), political instability, labor strikes or turmoil, or terrorist attacks. In particular, countries around
the world have experienced the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in quarantines, supply chain disruptions, reduction in travel,
increased demand for medical services and a general decline in economic activity and market confidence. Similar potential disruptions
may occur in the future in any of the locations in which we or our collaborators do business. We continue to assess the potential impact
on our counterparties and customers of such events, and what impact, if any, these events could have on our business. 

The
duration and severity of these conditions is uncertain. If negative economic conditions occur, we may be unable to secure funding on
terms satisfactory to us to sustain our operations or to find suitable collaborators to advance our internal programs, even if we achieve
positive results from our drug development programs. 

30 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we materially breach or default under any of our license agreements, the licensor party to such agreement will have the right to terminate
the license agreement, which termination may materially harm our business. 

Our
commercial success will depend in part on the maintenance of our license agreements. Each of our license agreements provides the licensor
with a right to terminate the license agreement for our material breach or default under the agreement, including the failure to make
any required milestone or other payments. Should the licensor under any of our license agreements exercise such a termination right,
we would lose our right to the intellectual property under the respective license agreement, which loss may materially harm our business. 

If
we and our licensors do not obtain protection for and successfully defend our respective intellectual property rights, competitors may
be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts to develop competing products. 

Our
commercial success will depend in part on obtaining further patent protection for our products, product candidates and other technologies
and successfully defending any patents that we currently have or will obtain against third-party challenges. The patents which we currently
believe are most material to our business are as follows: 

U.S.
 Patent No. 8,541,393 (expiring November 2, 2024) (the Prosl Patent - use of
 Neutrolin for preventing infection and maintenance of catheter patency in hemodialysis catheters; 

U.S.
 Patent No. 9,339,036 (expiring November 2, 2024); and 

U.S.
 Patent No. 7,696,182 (expiring May 16, 2025). 

We
are currently seeking further patent protection for our compounds and methods of treating diseases. However, the patent process is subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our products by obtaining
and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

patents
 that may be issued or licensed may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise
 may not provide any competitive advantage; 

our
 competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than we have and many of
 which have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek, or may already
 have obtained, patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make,
 use, and sell our potential products either in the United States or in international markets; 

there
 may be significant pressure on the United States government and other international governmental
 bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States
 for treatments that prove successful as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health
 concerns; and 

countries
 other than the United States may have less restrictive patent laws than those upheld by United
 States courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws to create,
 develop, and market competing products. 

In
addition, the United States Patent and Trademark Office PTO ), and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required
that patent applications concerning pharmaceutical and/or biotechnology-related inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover
only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges.
Thus, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain patents, the patents may be substantially narrower than anticipated. Additionally,
the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents or their enforceability cannot be predicted. We cannot be sure
that, should any patents issue, we will be provided with adequate protection against potentially competitive products. Furthermore, we
cannot be sure that should patents issue, they will be of commercial value to us, or that private parties, including competitors, will
not successfully challenge our patents or circumvent our patent position in the U.S. or abroad. 

31 

The
above-mentioned patents are exclusively licensed to us. To support our patent strategy, we have engaged in a review of patentability
and certain freedom to operate issues, including performing certain searches. However, patentability and certain freedom to operate issues
are inherently complex, and we cannot provide assurances that a relevant patent office and/or relevant court will agree with our conclusions
regarding patentability issues or with our conclusions regarding freedom to operate issues, which can involve subtle issues of claim
interpretation and/or claim liability. Furthermore, we may not be aware of all patents, published applications or published literature
that may affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our product candidates, preventing the patentability of
our product candidates to us or our licensors, or covering the same or similar technologies that may invalidate our patents, limit the
scope of our future patent claims or adversely affect our ability to market our product candidates. Additionally, it is also possible
that prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, may, nonetheless,
ultimately be found by a court of law or an administration panel to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. If a third party
were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent
protection on our product candidates. Such loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business. Additionally,
since patent applications in the United States are maintained in secrecy until published or issued and as publication of discoveries
in the scientific or patent literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the
inventions covered by the pending patent applications or issued patents referred to above or that we were the first to file patent applications
for such inventions. 

In
addition to patents, we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how. Although we take measures to protect this information by
entering into confidentiality and inventions agreements with our employees, and some but not all of our scientific advisors, consultants,
and collaborators, we cannot provide any assurances that these agreements will not be breached, that we will be able to protect ourselves
from the harmful effects of disclosure or dispute ownership if they are breached, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become
known or be independently discovered by competitors. We may also be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in
fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us related to the ownership of
such intellectual property. If any of these events occurs, or we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets or proprietary know-how,
the value of our intellectual property may be greatly reduced. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against
such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our senior management and scientific personnel. 

Ongoing
and future intellectual property disputes could require us to spend time and money to address such disputes and could limit our intellectual
property rights. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have been characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual
property rights, and companies have employed intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. We may initiate or become
subject to infringement claims or litigation arising out of patents and pending applications of our competitors, or we may become subject
to proceedings initiated by our competitors or other third parties or the PTO or applicable foreign bodies to reexamine the patentability
of our licensed or owned patents. In addition, litigation may be necessary to enforce our issued patents, to protect our trade secrets
and know-how, or to determine the enforceability, scope, and validity of the proprietary rights of others. If we are required to defend
patent infringement actions brought by third parties, or if we sue to protect our own patent rights, we may be required to pay substantial
litigation costs and managerial attention may be diverted from business operations even if the outcome is not adverse to us. In addition,
any legal action that seeks damages or an injunction to stop us from carrying on our commercial activities relating to the affected technologies
could subject us to monetary liability and require us or any third party licensors to obtain a license to continue to use the affected
technologies. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any of these types of actions or that any required license would be made
available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, to the extent that we or our consultants or research collaborators
use intellectual property owned by others in work performed for us, disputes may also arise as to the rights in such intellectual property
or in resulting know-how and inventions. An adverse claim could subject us to significant liabilities to such other parties and/or require
disputed rights to be licensed from such other parties. 

We
initiated court proceedings in Germany for patent infringement and unfair use of our proprietary information related to Neutrolin (as
described below). We also have had opposition proceedings brought against the European Patent and the German utility model patent which
are the basis of our infringement proceedings (as described below). The defense and prosecution of these ongoing and any future intellectual
property suits, PTO or foreign proceedings, and related legal and administrative proceedings are costly and time-consuming to pursue,
and their outcome is uncertain. An adverse determination in litigation or PTO or foreign proceedings to which we may become a party could
subject us to significant liabilities, including damages, require us to obtain licenses from third parties, restrict or prevent us from
selling our products in certain markets, or invalidate or render unenforceable our licensed or owned patents. Although patent and intellectual
property disputes might be settled through licensing or similar arrangements, the costs associated with such arrangements may be substantial
and could include our paying large fixed payments and ongoing royalties. Furthermore, the necessary licenses may not be available on
satisfactory terms or at all. 

32 

On
September 9, 2014, we filed in the District Court of Mannheim, Germany a patent infringement action against TauroPharm GmbH and Tauro-Implant
GmbH as well as their respective CEOs, referred to as the Defendants claiming infringement of ND Partners, LLC.'s European Patent EP
1 814 562 B1, for which we have an exclusive license, and which was granted by the EPO on January 8, 2014 (the Prosl European
Patent ). The Prosl European Patent covers a low dose heparin catheter lock solution for maintaining patency and preventing infection
in a hemodialysis catheter. In this action, we claim that the Defendants infringe on the Prosl European Patent by offering, putting on
the market, using, importing and possessing for the aforementioned purposes, as well as by offering to supply and supplying catheter
locking solutions to the extent they are covered by the claims of the Prosl European Patent. We are seeking injunctive relief and raising
claims for information, rendering of accounts, calling back, destruction and determination of damages. Separately, TauroPharm has filed
an opposition with the EPO against the Prosl European Patent alleging that it lacks novelty and inventive step and that it is not patentable
but relates to methods for treatment of the human body. 

In
the same complaint against the same Defendants, we also alleged an infringement (requesting the same remedies, plus damages for costs
of a warning letter) of ND Partners, LLC s utility model DE 20 2005 022 124 U1, for which CorMedix, Inc. has an exclusive license,
and which is referred to as the "Utility Model", which we believe is fundamentally identical to the Prosl European Patent in
its main aspects and claims. The Court separated the two proceedings and the Prosl European Patent (docket number 7 O 118/14)
and the Utility Model (docket number 7 O 2/15) claims were tried separately. TauroPharm GmbH has filed a cancellation
action against the Utility Model before the German Patent and Trademark Office (the German PTO based on essentially the
similar arguments as those in the opposition against the Prosl European Patent. 

The
District Court of Mannheim issued its decisions on May 8, 2015, staying both proceedings. In its decisions, the Court found that the
TauroLock catheter lock solutions TauroLockHep100 and TauroLockHep500 infringe both certain claims of the Prosl European Patent and the
Utility Model and further that there is no prior use right that would allow the Defendants to continue to make, offer, use or sell its
product in Germany. However, the Court declined to issue an injunction in favor of us that would preclude the continued commercialization
by TauroPharm and the other Defendants, based upon its finding that there is a sufficient likelihood that the EPO, in the case of the
Prosl European Patent, or the German PTO, in the case of the Utility Model, may find that such patent or utility model is invalid. Specifically,
the Court noted the possible publication of certain instructions for product use that may be deemed to constitute prior art. As such,
the District Court determined that it will defer any consideration of the request by us for injunctive and other relief until such time
as the EPO or the German PTO made a final decision on the underlying validity of the Prosl European Patent and the Utility Model. 

Oral
proceedings before the Opposition Division at the EPO were held on November 25, 2015, at which the three-judge patent examiner panel
considered arguments related to the validity of the Prosl European Patent. The hearing was adjourned due to the fact that the panel was
of the view that Claus Herdeis, one of the managing directors of TauroPharm, had to be heard as a witness in a further hearing in order
to close some gaps in the documentation presented by TauroPharm as regards the publication of prior art. 

The
German PTO held a hearing in the validity proceedings relating to the Utility Model on June 29, 2016, at which the panel affirmed its
preliminary finding that the Utility Model was invalid based upon prior publication of a reference to the benefits that may be associated
with adding heparin to a taurolidine based solution. We filed an appeal against the ruling on September 7, 2016. An oral hearing was
held on September 17, 2019 in which the German Federal Patent Court affirmed the first instance decision that the Utility Model was invalid.
The decision has only a declaratory effect, as the Utility Model had expired in November 2015. On April 28, 2020, we filed a withdrawal
of the complaint on the German utility model, thereby waiving our claims on these proceedings and the proceedings were closed. 

On
November 22, 2017, the EPO in Munich, Germany held a further oral hearing in this matter. At the hearing, the panel held that the Prosl
European Patent would be invalidated because it did not meet the requirements of novelty based on a technical aspect of the European
intellectual property law. We disagree with this decision and have appealed the decision. In a hearing on October 27, 2022 before the
EPO Board of Appeals, the Board held that the patent claims of the Prosl European Patent on file were not inventive over prior art presented
by TauroPharm. We thus withdrew our appeal against the first instance decision. This means that the invalidation of the patent has become
final and that, as a consequence, the infringement proceedings, which are formally still ongoing, will also be closed because there is
no underlying patent anymore. In view of the invalidation of the Prosl European Patent, on November 9, 2022, the Defendants requested
the infringement proceedings (docket number 7 O 118/14) to be resumed and to dismiss our infringement action. In order
to avoid a dismissal, on January 12, 2023, we withdrew the infringement action with prejudice. The Defendants consented to the withdrawal
on February 2, 2023 and requested that we, as plaintiff, bear the costs of the proceedings. Given that pursuant to statutory law, a plaintiff
that withdraws an action, has to bear the costs of the proceedings, we put the decision on who has to bear the costs in the District
Court of Mannheim's discretion. Due to the withdrawal, there will be no decision on the merits, however, the District Court of Mannheim
will issue a decision that we have to bear the cost of the proceedings. Given that the court fees have already been paid by us, the cost
of the proceedings are the costs that will have to be reimbursed to the Defendants, i.e. mainly statutory attorney's fees and expenses. 

33 

On
January 16, 2015, we filed a complaint against TauroPharm GmbH and its managing directors in the District Court of Cologne, Germany.
In the complaint, we allege violation of the German Unfair Competition Act by TauroPharm for the unauthorized use of our proprietary
information obtained in confidence by TauroPharm. We allege that TauroPharm is improperly and unfairly using our proprietary information
relating to the composition and manufacture of Neutrolin, in the manufacture and sale of TauroPharm s products TauroLockTM, TauroLock-HEP100
and TauroLock-HEP500. We seek a cease and desist order against TauroPharm from continuing to manufacture and sell any product containing
taurolidine (the API of Neutrolin) and citric acid in addition to possible other components, damages for any sales in the past and the
removal of all such products from the market. An initial hearing in the District Court of Cologne, Germany was held on November 19, 2015
to consider our claims. On January 14, 2016, the Court issued an interim decision in the form of a court order outlining several issues
of concern that relate primarily to the court's interest in clarifying the facts and reviewing any and all available documentation, in
particular with regard to the question which specific know-how was provided to TauroPharm by whom and when. A further oral hearing in
this matter was held on November 15, 2016. In this hearing, the Court heard arguments from CorMedix and TauroPharm concerning the allegations
of unfair competition. On March 7, 2017, the Court issued another interim decision in the form of a court order outlining again several
issues relating to the argumentation of both sides in the proceedings. Both parties have submitted further writs in this matter and the
Court had scheduled a further hearing for May 8, 2018. After having been rescheduled several times, the hearing took place on November
20, 2018. A decision was rendered by the Court on December 11, 2018, dismissing the complaint in its entirety. We have appealed this
decision in January 2019 and filed our grounds of appeal in March 2019. An oral hearing was held on September 6, 2019 in which our legal
counsel brought forward further arguments for the fact that the manufacturing process of the respective catheter locking solution is
indeed protectable as a trade secret. In view of these new arguments, the Court issued an evidentiary order on September 27, 2019 ordering
an expert opinion. The expert opinion was not in our favor, but we have filed a response to the expert opinion in reaction to which the
Court asked the expert to supplement his opinion to address the issues brought forward in our submission. In the supplementary expert
opinion, the expert confirmed his view. In an oral hearing held on June 18, 2021, the Court only heard from the expert, and the Court,
as well as both parties, asked further questions to the expert around his expert opinion. At the end of the hearing and internal deliberation
among the panel of judges, the Court indicated that it would dismiss our complaint, if we did not withdraw the appeal. As there were
no advantages to further pursuing the matter in view of the Court s statements, we withdrew the appeal and the proceedings are
therefore now closed. TauroPharm requested an increase of the value in dispute determined by the Court in order to receive a higher reimbursement
of costs (as this is based on the value in dispute under German law) but the request was rejected in view of arguments brought forward
against it by our legal counsel. We reimbursed costs in the amount of approximately 41,000 plus interest to TauroPharm. 

The
decisions by the European and German patent offices may affect patent rights in other jurisdictions. 

The
prior art on the basis of which the Prosl European Patent and the German Utility Model have been 

found
to be invalid may be used to challenge the validity of issued United States and/or other foreign patents that are directed to the same
or similar subject matter, in a court action or in an administrative proceeding before the USPTO. Pending United States and/or foreign
patent applications may be denied on that basis of that prior art as well. Such patents and patent applications include: US 7,696,182;
US 8,541,393; US 9,339,036; US 17/176,718; and EP 14150248.4. 

If
we infringe the rights of third parties we could be prevented from selling products and forced to pay damages and defend against litigation. 

If our products, methods, processes and
other technologies infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial costs and we may have to do one or more
of the following: 

obtain
 licenses, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all; 

abandon
 an infringing product candidate; 

redesign
 our products or processes to avoid infringement; 

stop
 using the subject matter claimed in the patents held by others; 

pay
 damages; or 

defend
 litigation or administrative proceedings, which may be costly whether we win or lose, and
 which could result in a substantial diversion of our financial and management resources. 

34 

Risks
Related to Dependence on Third Parties 

If
we or our collaborators are unable to manufacture our products in sufficient quantities or are unable to obtain regulatory approvals
for a manufacturing facility, we may be unable to meet demand for our products and we may lose potential revenues. 

Commercialization
of DefenCath and any other product candidate require access to, or development of, facilities to manufacture sufficient supplies. All
of our manufacturing processes currently are, and we expect them to continue to be, outsourced to third parties. Specifically, we will
rely on one or more manufacturers to supply us and/or our distribution partners with commercial quantities of DefenCath. If, for any
reason, we become unable to rely on our current sources for the manufacture of DefenCath or any other product candidates or for active
pharmaceutical ingredient API ), either for clinical trials or for commercial quantities, then we would need to identify
and contract with additional or replacement third-party manufacturers to manufacture compounds for pre-clinical, clinical, and commercial
purposes. We may not be successful in identifying such additional or replacement third-party manufacturers, or in negotiating acceptable
terms with any that we do identify. Such third-party manufacturers must receive FDA or applicable foreign approval before they can produce
clinical material or commercial product, and any that are identified may not receive such approval or may fail to maintain such approval.
We were recently informed by FDA that the DefenCath NDA cannot be approved in its present form, because of concerns at the third-party
manufacturing facility, which must be resolved to FDA s satisfaction before the NDA can be approved. In addition, we may be in
competition with other companies for access to these manufacturers facilities and may be subject to delays in manufacturing if
the manufacturers give other clients higher priority than they give to us. If we are unable to secure and maintain third-party manufacturing
capacity, the development and sales of our products and our financial performance may be materially adversely affected. 

Before
we could begin to commercially manufacture DefenCath or any other product candidate on our own, we must obtain regulatory approval of
the manufacturing facility and process. The manufacture of drugs for clinical and commercial purposes must comply with cGMP and applicable
non-U.S. regulatory requirements. The cGMP requirements govern quality control and documentation policies and procedures. Complying with
cGMP and non-U.S. regulatory requirements would require that we expend time, money, and effort in production, recordkeeping, and quality
control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. We would also have to pass a pre-approval
inspection prior to FDA or non-U.S. regulatory agency approval. Failure to pass a pre-approval inspection may significantly delay regulatory
approval of our products. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory action and may be
limited in the jurisdictions in which we are permitted to sell our products. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Corporate
and academic collaborators may take actions that delay, prevent, or undermine the success of our products. 

Our
operating and financial strategy for the development, clinical testing, manufacture, and commercialization of our product candidates
is heavily dependent on our entering into collaborations with corporations, academic institutions, licensors, licensees, and other parties.
Our current strategy assumes that we will successfully establish and maintain these collaborations or similar relationships. However,
there can be no assurance that we will be successful establishing or maintaining such collaborations. Some of our existing collaborations,
such as our licensing agreements, are, and future collaborations may be, terminable at the sole discretion of the collaborator in certain
circumstances. Replacement collaborators might not be available on attractive terms, or at all. 

In addition, the activities of any collaborator
will not be within our control and may not be within our power to influence. There can be no assurance that any collaborator will perform
its obligations to our satisfaction or at all, that we will derive any revenue or profits from such collaborations, or that any collaborator
will not compete with us. If any collaboration is not pursued, we may require substantially greater capital to undertake on our own the
development and marketing of our product candidates and may not be able to develop and market such products successfully, if at all.
In addition, a lack of development and marketing collaborations may lead to significant delays in introducing product candidates into
certain markets and/or reduced sales of products in such markets. 

35 

Data
provided by collaborators and others upon which we rely that has not been independently verified could turn out to be false, misleading,
or incomplete. 

We
rely on third-party vendors, scientists, and collaborators to provide us with significant data and other information related to our projects,
clinical trials, and business. If such third parties provide inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete data, our business, prospects, and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We
rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and pre-clinical studies. If those parties do not successfully carry out their contractual
duties or meet expected deadlines, our product candidates may not advance in a timely manner or at all. 

In
the course of our pre-clinical testing and clinical trials, we rely on third parties, including laboratories, investigators, clinical
contract research organizations CROs ), and manufacturers, to perform critical services for us. For example, we rely on
third parties to conduct our clinical trials and many of our pre-clinical studies, which are required to be conducted consistent with
regulations on Good Laboratory Practice GLP ). CROs and study sites are responsible for many aspects of the trials, including
finding and enrolling subjects for testing and administering the trials. Although we rely on these third parties to conduct our pre-clinical
and clinical trials, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our trials is conducted in accordance with its investigational plan
and protocol and that the integrity of the studies and resulting data is protected. Moreover, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities
require us to comply with regulations and standards, commonly referred to as Good Clinical Practices GCPs ), for conducting,
monitoring, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and
accurate, and that the trial subjects are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials. Our reliance
on third parties does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. These third parties may not be available when we need
them or, if they are available, may not comply with all regulatory and contractual requirements or may not otherwise perform their services
in a timely or acceptable manner, and we may need to enter into new arrangements with alternative third parties and our clinical trials
may be extended, delayed or terminated. These independent third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some
of which may compete with us. In addition, if such third parties fail to perform their obligations in compliance with our protocols or
the applicable regulatory requirements, our trials may not meet regulatory requirements or may need to be repeated, we may not receive
marketing approvals, or we or such third parties may face regulatory enforcement. As a result of our dependence on third parties, we
may face delays, failures or cost increases outside of our direct control. These risks also apply to the development activities of collaborators,
and we do not control their research and development, clinical trial or regulatory activities. 

We
will depend on third party suppliers and contract manufacturers for the manufacturing of our product candidates and have no direct control
over the cost of manufacturing our product candidates. Increases in the cost of manufacturing our product candidates would increase our
costs of conducting clinical trials and could adversely affect our future profitability. 

We
do not intend to manufacture our product candidates ourselves, and we will rely on third parties for our drug supplies both for clinical
trials and for commercial quantities in the future. We have taken the strategic decision not to manufacture API for our product candidates,
as these can be more economically supplied by third parties with particular expertise in this area. We have identified contract facilities
that are registered with the FDA, have a track record of large-scale API manufacture, and have already invested in capital and equipment.
We have no direct control over the manufacturing of our product candidates, or the cost thereof. If the contract manufacturers are unable
to produce sufficient quantities of our product candidates, as a result of a lack of available materials or otherwise, our ability to
complete product candidate development and our future profitability would be adversely affected. If the cost of manufacturing increases,
or if the cost of the materials used increases, these costs will be passed on to us, making the cost of conducting clinical trials more
expensive. For example, there could be issues securing the API heparin for our product as a result of the outbreak of African swine fever
in China in 2019, which threatened the global heparin supply. The United States is largely dependent on China for its heparin, because
almost half of the global pig supply, the main animal source for heparin, is in China. Increases in manufacturing costs could adversely
affect our future profitability if we are unable to pass all of the increased costs along to our customers. 

36 

Further,
we, along with our contract manufacturers, are required to comply with FDA requirements for cGMPs, related to product testing, quality
assurance, manufacturing and documentation. Our contract manufacturers may not be able to comply with the applicable FDA regulatory requirements,
which could result in delays to our product development programs, could result in adverse regulatory actions against them or us, and
could prevent us from ultimately receiving product marketing approval. They also generally must pass an FDA preapproval inspection for
conformity with cGMPs before we can obtain approval to manufacture our product candidates and will be subject to ongoing, periodic, unannounced
inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP, and other applicable government regulations
and corresponding foreign standards. For example, one of our API suppliers received a Warning Letter from the FDA related to inspectional
observations for unrelated product that has blocked the resubmission of our NDA for DefenCath until the compliance issues are resolved
to the satisfaction of the FDA. If we and our contract manufacturers fail to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in compliance
with cGMP, we may experience manufacturing errors resulting in defective products that could be harmful to patients, product recalls
or withdrawals, delays or interruptions of production or failures in product testing or delivery, delay or prevention of filing or approval
of marketing applications for our products, cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. Not complying with
FDA requirements could result in a product recall or prevent commercialization of our product candidates and delay our business development
activities. In addition, such failure could be the basis for the FDA to issue a warning or untitled letter or take other regulatory or
legal enforcement action, including recall or seizure, total or partial suspension of production, suspension of ongoing clinical trials,
refusal to approve pending applications or supplemental applications, and potentially civil and/or criminal penalties depending on the
matter. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

We
will likely need additional financing to fund our activities in the future, which may dilute our stockholders. 

To
date, our commercial operations have not generated sufficient revenues to enable profitability. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 275.4 million, and incurred net losses of 29.7 million for the year then ended. Based on the current development plans for
DefenCath/Neutrolin in both the U.S. and foreign markets (including the resubmission of an NDA for DefenCath in hemodialysis catheters)
and our other operating requirements, management believes that the existing cash at December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to fund operations
for at least twelve months from the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, after taking into consideration the costs for resubmission
of the NDA and initial preparations for the commercial launch for DefenCath. Further, we will likely need additional funding for DefenCath s
commercial launch. We anticipate that we will incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we will require substantial
funds in the future to support our operations. Accordingly, we will likely need to obtain additional financing, including through issuances
of equity securities. 

To the extent we raise additional capital
by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may, as we have in the past, sell common stock,
convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time.
If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be further diluted
by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights
superior to existing stockholders. 

Our
executive officers and directors may sell shares of their stock, and these sales could adversely affect our stock price. 

Sales
of our common stock by our executive officers and directors, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Our executive officers and directors may sell stock in the future, either as part, or outside, of trading
plans under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

Our
common stock price has fluctuated considerably and is likely to remain volatile, in part due to the limited market for our common stock
and you could lose all or a part of your investment. 

During the period from the completion
of our initial public offering IPO ), on March 30, 2010 through December 31, 2022, the high and low sales prices for our
common stock were 52.00 and 0.75, respectively. There is a limited public market for our common stock and we cannot provide assurances
that an active trading market will develop or continue. As a result of low trading volume in our common stock, the purchase or sale of
a relatively small number of shares could result in significant share price fluctuations. 

37 

Additionally,
the market price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond
our control, including the following: 

the
 receipt of or failure to obtain additional regulatory approvals for DefenCath, including
 FDA approval in the U.S.; 

our
 need for additional capital; 

results
 of clinical trials of our product candidates, including any other Phase 3 trial for DefenCath
 in the U.S., if required, or those of our competitors; 

our
 entry into or the loss of a significant collaboration, or expiration or termination of licenses; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the United States and other countries, including changes in the
 healthcare payment systems; 

changes
 in financial estimates or investment recommendations by securities analysts relating to our
 common stock; 

future
 sales or anticipated sales of our securities by us or our stockholders; 

announcements
 by our competitors of significant developments, technological innovations, strategic partnerships,
 joint ventures or capital commitments; 

changes
 in key personnel; 

variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in operating results; 

market
 conditions in the pharmaceutical and medical device sectors and issuance of new or changed
 securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

instability
 in the stock market as a result of current or future domestic and global events; 

liquidity
 of any market for our securities; 

threatened
 or actual delisting of our common stock from a national stock exchange; 

general
 economic, industry and market conditions; 

developments
 or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights; and 

any
 other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

In
addition, the stock markets in general, and the stock of pharmaceutical and medical device companies in particular, have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
In addition, changes in economic conditions in the U.S., the European Union or globally, particularly in the context of current global
events, could impact upon our ability to grow profitably. Adverse economic changes are outside our control and may result in material
adverse impacts on our business or our results of operations. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price
of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Such litigation,
if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 

For
these reasons and others, an investment in our securities is risky and you should invest only if you can withstand wide fluctuations
in and a significant or complete loss of the value of your investment. 

38 

A
significant number of additional shares of our common stock may be issued at a later date, and their sale could depress the market price
of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding the following securities that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of our common stock: 

options to purchase an aggregate of 997,910 shares of our common stock
issued to our officers, directors and non-employee consultants under our 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, with a weighted average exercise price
of 9.51 per share; 

options to purchase an aggregate of 3,456,459 shares of our common
stock issued to our officers, directors and non-employee consultants under our 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ),
with a weighted average exercise price of 5.26 per share; 

207,469
 shares of restricted stock units issuable into 207,469 shares of common stock; 

2,000
 shares of Series C-3 Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 4,000 shares of common stock; 

89,623
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 391,953 shares of common stock; 

89,999
 shares of Series G Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 5,004,069 shares of common
 stock; and 

48,909
 shares of common stock issuable for payment of deferred board compensation. 

Additionally, there are 195,109 and 4,800,000 shares of common stock
available for grants under the 2019 Plan (adopted on November 26, 2019) and Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the
 A R 2019 Plan , adopted on October 13, 2022), respectively. 

The
possibility of the issuance of these shares, as well as the actual sale of such shares, could substantially reduce the market price for
our common stock and impede our ability to obtain future financing. 

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult. 

Provisions in our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as well as provisions of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, or DGCL, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company, even
if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include the following: 

authorizing
 the issuance of blank check preferred stock, the terms of which may be established
 and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; 

prohibiting
 our stockholders from fixing the number of our directors; and 

establishing
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder
 meetings and nominations to our Board of Directors. 

These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In
addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad
range of business combinations with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder
became an interested stockholder, unless such transactions are approved by the board of directors. This provision could have the effect
of discouraging, delaying or preventing someone from acquiring us or merging with us, whether or not it is desired by, or beneficial
to, our stockholders. Any provision of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or Amended and Restated Bylaws
or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to
receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
common stock. 

39 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Market, it may result in a delisting of our common stock
from the exchange. 

Our
common stock is currently listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol CRMD , and the continued listing
of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market is subject to our compliance with a number of listing standards. If we fail to satisfy
the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market such as the corporate governance requirements, the stockholder s
equity requirement or the minimum closing bid price requirement, The Nasdaq Capital Market may take steps to de-list our common stock.
Such a de-listing or even notification of failure to comply with such requirements would likely have a negative effect on the price of
our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In addition, the delisting
of our common stock could materially adversely impact our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. Delisting from Nasdaq
could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by our current or prospective third-party providers
and collaboration partners, the loss of institutional investor interest, and fewer licensing and partnering. In the event of a de-listing,
we would take actions to restore our compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance
that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity
of our common stock. 

If
our common stock were no longer listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, investors might only be able to trade on one of the over-the-counter
markets, including the OTC Bulletin Board or in the Pink Sheets (a quotation medium operated by Pink
Sheets LLC). This would impair the liquidity of our common stock not only in the number of shares that could be bought and sold at a
given price, which might be depressed by the relative illiquidity, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and reduction
in media coverage. 

Laws,
rules and regulations relating to public companies may be costly and impact our ability to attract and retain directors and executive
officers. 

Laws
and regulations affecting public companies, including rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and
by the Nasdaq Global Market, may result in increased costs to us. These laws, rules and regulations could make it more difficult or costly
for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced
policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could
also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on our board committees
or as executive officers. We cannot estimate accurately the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these laws,
rules and regulations. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent all possible errors that could occur. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Ensuring that we have adequate
internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly
and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Failure on our part to have effective internal financial and accounting
controls would cause our financial reporting to be unreliable, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition, and could cause the trading price of our common stock to fall dramatically. 

A
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be satisfied. Internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to give a
reasonable assurance that they are effective to achieve their objectives. We cannot provide absolute assurance that all of our possible
future control issues will be detected. These inherent limitations include the possibility that judgments in our decision making can
be faulty, and that isolated breakdowns can occur because of simple human error or mistake. The design of our system of controls is based
in part upon assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed absolutely
in achieving our stated goals under all potential future or unforeseeable conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error could occur and not be detected. This and any future failures could cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and stock price. 

In
future periods, if the process required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reveals any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies,
the correction of any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies could require remedial measures which could be costly and
time-consuming. In addition, in such a case, we may be unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis. Any associated
accounting restatement could create a significant strain on our internal resources and cause delays in our release of quarterly or annual
financial results and the filing of related reports, increase our costs and cause management distraction. Any of the foregoing could
cause investors to lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the market price of our common stock
to decline and make it more difficult for us to finance our operations and growth. 

40 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of clinical trial participants and employees. Similarly, our
third-party providers possess certain of our sensitive protected health data. The secure maintenance of this information is critical
to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable
to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Attacks of this nature are increasing in their
frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals
with a wide range of motives and expertise. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from
occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes
is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated,
and such systems, controls and processes may not be successful in preventing a breach. Any such breach could compromise our networks
and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. We could be required to expend significant amounts
of money and other resources to repair or replace information systems or networks. In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient
in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. 

The
legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing amount of
focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business, including compliance with the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and recently enacted laws in a majority of states requiring security breach notification.
The collection and use of personal health data of individuals in the European Union is also governed by strict data protection laws.
In addition to existing laws, since May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR has imposed new obligations
with respect to European Union data and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. It will increase our responsibility
and potential liability in relation to personal data that we process, and we will be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring
compliance with the new European Union data protection rules. There is significant uncertainty related to the manner in which data protection
authorities will seek to enforce compliance with GDPR. For example, it is not clear if the authorities will conduct random audits of
companies doing business in the European Union, or if the authorities will wait for complaints to be filed by individuals who claim their
rights have been violated. Enforcement uncertainty and the costs associated with ensuring GDPR compliance may be onerous and adversely
affect our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. 

Additionally, California enacted legislation that has been dubbed the
first GDPR-like law in the United States. Known as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), it creates
new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations
on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires covered companies
to provide new disclosures to California consumers, provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information,
and allow for a new cause of action for data breaches. The CCPA, and similar legislation being enacted by other states may significantly
impact our business activities and require substantial compliance costs that adversely affect business, operating results, prospects and
financial condition. 

Any
access, disclosure or other loss of information, including our data being breached at our partners or third-party providers, could result
in legal claims or proceedings and liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations and
damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns on our common stock will be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We
have never declared dividends on our common stock, and currently do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock in the
foreseeable future. Pursuant to the terms of our Series C-3, E and G Convertible Preferred Stock, we may not declare or pay any dividends
or make any distributions on any of our shares or other equity securities as long as any of those preferred shares remain outstanding.
We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business. The payment of cash dividends
in the future, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon such factors as earnings levels, capital
requirements, our overall financial condition and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Any return to holders
of our common stock will be limited to the value of their common stock. 

41 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

In
March 2020, we entered into a seven-year operating lease agreement for an office space at 300 Connell Drive, Berkeley Heights, New Jersey
07922. The lease agreement, with a monthly average cost of approximately 17,000, commenced on September 16, 2020. 

Our
subsidiary leases its offices in Fulda, Germany pursuant to a three-month lease agreement which commenced in June 2017, renewable every
three months for a base monthly payment of 400. 

We
believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be
available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

On
October 13, 2021, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey consolidated into In re CorMedix Inc. Securities
Litigation , Case No. 2:21-cv014020-JXN-CLW, two putative class action lawsuits filed on or about July 22, 2021 and September 13,
2021, respectively, and appointed lead counsel and lead plaintiff, a purported stockholder of the Company. The lead plaintiff filed a
consolidated amended class action complaint on December 14, 2021, alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act,
along with Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. On October 10, 2022, the lead plaintiff
filed a second amended consolidated complaint that superseded the original complaints in In re CorMedix Securities Litigation. In
the second amended complaint, the lead plaintiff seeks to represent two classes of shareholders: (i) shareholders who purchased or otherwise
acquired CorMedix securities between October 16, 2019 and August 8, 2022, inclusive; and (ii) shareholders who purchased CorMedix securities
pursuant or traceable to the Company s November 27, 2020 offering pursuant to CorMedix s Form S-3 Registration Statement,
its Prospectus Supplement, dated November 27, 2020, and its Prospectus Supplement, dated August 12, 2021. The second amended complaint
names as defendants the Company and twelve (12) current and former directors and officers of CorMedix, namely Khoso Baluch, Robert Cook,
Matthew David, Phoebe Mounts, John L. Armstrong, and Joseph Todisco (the Officer Defendants and collectively with CorMedix,
the CorMedix Defendants as well as Janet Dillione, Myron Kaplan, Alan W. Dunton, Steven Lefkowitz, Paulo F. Costa, Greg
Duncan (the Director Defendants ). The second amended complaint alleges that the CorMedix Defendants violated Section 10(b)
of the Exchange Act (and Rule 10b-5), the Officer Defendants violated Section 20(a), the Director Defendants, CorMedix, Baluch, and David
violated Section 11 of the Securities Act, and that the Director Defendants, Baluch, and David violated Section 15. In general, the purported
bases for these claims are allegedly false and misleading statements and omissions related to the NDA submissions to the FDA for DefenCath,
subsequent complete response letters, as well as communications from the FDA related and directed to the Company s contract manufacturing
organization and heparin supplier. The Company intends to vigorously contest such claims. The Company and the other Defendants filed
their motion to dismiss the second amended complaint on November 23, 2022; the lead plaintiff filed his opposition to the Defendants 
motions to dismiss on January 7, 2023; and Defendants filed their reply brief on February 6, 2023. 

On
or about October 13, 2021, a purported shareholder, derivatively and on behalf of the Company, filed a shareholder derivative complaint
in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, in a case entitled Voter v. Baluch, et al. , Case No. 2:21-cv-18493-JXN-LDW
(the Derivative Litigation ). The complaint names as defendants Khoso Baluch, Janet Dillione, Alan W. Dunton, Myron Kaplan,
Steven Lefkowitz, Paulo F. Costa, Greg Duncan, Matthew David, and Phoebe Mounts along with the Company as Nominal Defendant. The
complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties, abuse of control, and waste of corporate assets against the defendants and a claim for
contribution for purported violations of Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act against certain defendants. The individual defendants
intend to vigorously contest such claims. On January 21, 2022, pursuant to a stipulation between the parties, the Court entered an order
staying the case while the motion to dismiss the class action lawsuit described in the foregoing paragraph is pending. The stay may be
terminated before the motion to dismiss is resolved according to certain circumstances described in the stipulation available on the
Court s public docket. The case was administratively terminated on March 16, 2022 while the stay is pending. 

On
or about January 13, 2023, another purported shareholder, derivatively and on behalf of the Company, filed a shareholder derivative complaint
in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, in a case entitled DeSalvo v. Costa, et al. , Case No. 2:23-cv-00150-JXN-CLW.
Defendants Paulo F. Costa, Janet D. Dillione, Greg Duncan, Alan Dunton, Myron Kaplan, Steven Lefkowitz, Joseph Todisco, Khoso Baluch,
Robert Cook, Matthew David, Phoebe Mounts, and John L. Armstrong along with the Company as Nominal Defendant. The complaint alleges breaches
of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment against the individual defendants. The individual defendants intend to vigorously contest such
claims. The case is in the early stages. 

42 

On
or about January 25, 2023, another purported shareholder, derivatively and on behalf of the Company, filed a shareholder derivative complaint
in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, in a case entitled Scullion v. Baluch, et al. , Case No. 2:23-cv-00406-ES-ESK.
Defendants Khoso Baluch, Janet Dillione, Alan W. Dunton, Myron Kaplan, Steven Lefkowitz, Paulo F. Costa, Gregory Duncan, Matthew David,
and Phoebe Mounts, along with the Company as Nominal Defendant. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties. The individual defendants
intend to vigorously contest such claims. The case is also in the early stages. 

On
or about June 23, 2022, the Company s Board received a letter demanding it investigate and pursue causes of action, purportedly
on behalf of Company, against certain current and former directors, officers, and/or other employees of the Company (the Letter ),
which the Board believes are duplicative of the claims already asserted in the Derivative Litigation. As set forth in the Board s
response to the Letter, the Board will consider the Letter at an appropriate time, as circumstances warrant, as it continues to monitor
the progress of the Derivative Litigation. 

On
September 9, 2014, we filed in the District Court of Mannheim, Germany a patent infringement action against TauroPharm GmbH and Tauro-Implant
GmbH as well as their respective CEOs, referred to as the Defendants claiming infringement of ND Partners, LLC s European Patent
EP 1 814 562 B1, for which we have an exclusive license, and which was granted by the EPO on January 8, 2014 (the "Prosl European
Patent"). The Prosl European Patent covers a low dose heparin catheter lock solution for maintaining patency and preventing infection
in a hemodialysis catheter. In this action, we claim that the Defendants infringe on the Prosl European Patent by offering, putting on
the market, using, importing and possessing for the aforementioned purposes, as well as by offering to supply and supplying catheter
locking solutions to the extent they are covered by the claims of the Prosl European Patent. We are seeking injunctive relief and raising
claims for information, rendering of accounts, calling back, destruction and determination of damages. Separately, TauroPharm has filed
an opposition with the EPO against the Prosl European Patent alleging that it lacks novelty and inventive step and that it is not patentable
but relates to methods for treatment of the human body. 

In
the same complaint against the same Defendants, we also alleged an infringement (requesting the same remedies, plus damages for costs
of a warning letter) of ND Partners, LLC s utility model DE 20 2005 022 124 U1, for which we have an exclusive license, and which
is referred to as the "Utility Model", which we believe is fundamentally identical to the Prosl European Patent in its main
aspects and claims. The Court separated the two proceedings and the Prosl European Patent (docket number 7 O 118/14) and the Utility
Model (docket number 7 O 2/15) claims were tried separately. TauroPharm GmbH has filed a cancellation action against the Utility Model
before the German Patent and Trademark Office (the "German PTO") based on essentially the similar arguments as those in the
opposition against the Prosl European Patent. 

The
District Court of Mannheim issued its decisions on May 8, 2015, staying both proceedings. In its decisions, the Court found that the
TauroLock catheter lock solutions TauroLockHep100 and TauroLockHep500 infringe both certain claims of the Prosl European Patent and the
Utility Model and further that there is no prior use right that would allow the Defendants to continue to make, offer, use or sell its
product in Germany. However, the Court declined to issue an injunction in favor of us that would preclude the continued commercialization
by TauroPharm and the other Defendants, based upon its finding that there is a sufficient likelihood that the EPO, in the case of the
Prosl European Patent, or the German PTO, in the case of the Utility Model, may find that such patent or utility model is invalid. Specifically,
the Court noted the possible publication of certain instructions for product use that may be deemed to constitute prior art. As such,
the District Court determined that it will defer any consideration of the request by us for injunctive and other relief until such time
as the EPO or the German PTO made a final decision on the underlying validity of the Prosl European Patent and the Utility Model. 

Oral
proceedings before the Opposition Division at the EPO were held on November 25, 2015, at which the three-judge patent examiner panel
considered arguments related to the validity of the Prosl European Patent. The hearing was adjourned due to the fact that the panel was
of the view that Claus Herdeis, one of the managing directors of TauroPharm, had to be heard as a witness in a further hearing in order
to close some gaps in the documentation presented by TauroPharm as regards the publication of prior art. 

The
German PTO held a hearing in the validity proceedings relating to the Utility Model on June 29, 2016, at which the panel affirmed its
preliminary finding that the Utility Model was invalid based upon prior publication of a reference to the benefits that may be associated
with adding heparin to a taurolidine based solution. We filed an appeal against the ruling on September 7, 2016. An oral hearing was
held on September 17, 2019 in which the German Federal Patent Court affirmed the first instance decision that the Utility Model was invalid.
The decision has only a declaratory effect, as the Utility Model had expired in November 2015. On April 28, 2020, we filed a withdrawal
of the complaint on the German utility model, thereby waiving our claims on these proceedings. The proceedings were closed and during
the year ended December 31, 2020, final reimbursement of approximately 30,000 for the costs in connection with the utility model infringement
were paid to TauroPharm . 

43 

On
November 22, 2017, the EPO in Munich, Germany held a further oral hearing in this matter. At the hearing, the panel held that the Prosl
European Patent would be invalidated because it did not meet the requirements of novelty based on a technical aspect of the European
intellectual property law. We disagree with this decision and have appealed the decision. In a hearing on October 27, 2022 before the
EPO Board of Appeals, the Board held that the patent claims of the Prosl European Patent on file were not inventive over prior art presented
by TauroPharm. We thus withdrew our appeal against the first instance decision. This means that the invalidation of the patent has become
final and that, as a consequence, the infringement proceedings, which are formally still ongoing, will also be closed because there is
no underlying patent anymore. In view of the invalidation of the Prosl European Patent, on November 9, 2022, the Defendants requested
the infringement proceedings (docket number 7 O 118/14) to be resumed and to dismiss our infringement action. In order
to avoid a dismissal, on January 12, 2023, we withdrew the infringement action with prejudice. The Defendants consented to the withdrawal
on February 2, 2023 and requested that we, as plaintiff, bear the costs of the proceedings. Given that pursuant to statutory law, a plaintiff
that withdraws an action, has to bear the costs of the proceedings, we put the decision on who has to bear the costs in the District
Court of Mannheim s discretion. Due to the withdrawal, there will be no decision on the merits, however, the District Court of
Mannheim will issue a decision that we have to bear the cost of the proceedings. Given that the court fees have already been paid by
us, the cost of the proceedings are the costs that will have to be reimbursed to the Defendants, i.e., mainly statutory attorney's fees
and expenses. 

On
January 16, 2015, we filed a complaint against TauroPharm GmbH and its managing directors in the District Court of Cologne, Germany.
In the complaint, we allege violation of the German Unfair Competition Act by TauroPharm for the unauthorized use of our proprietary
information obtained in confidence by TauroPharm. We allege that TauroPharm is improperly and unfairly using our proprietary information
relating to the composition and manufacture of Neutrolin, in the manufacture and sale of TauroPharm s products TauroLockTM, TauroLock-HEP100
and TauroLock-HEP500. We seek a cease and desist order against TauroPharm from continuing to manufacture and sell any product containing
taurolidine (the API of Neutrolin) and citric acid in addition to possible other components, damages for any sales in the past and the
removal of all such products from the market. An initial hearing in the District Court of Cologne, Germany was held on November 19, 2015
to consider our claims. On January 14, 2016, the Court issued an interim decision in the form of a court order outlining several issues
of concern that relate primarily to the court's interest in clarifying the facts and reviewing any and all available documentation, in
particular with regard to the question which specific know-how was provided to TauroPharm by whom and when. A further oral hearing in
this matter was held on November 15, 2016. In this hearing, the Court heard arguments from CorMedix and TauroPharm concerning the allegations
of unfair competition. On March 7, 2017, the Court issued another interim decision in the form of a court order outlining again several
issues relating to the argumentation of both sides in the proceedings. Both parties have submitted further writs in this matter and the
Court had scheduled a further hearing for May 8, 2018. After having been rescheduled several times, the hearing took place on November
20, 2018. A decision was rendered by the Court on December 11, 2018, dismissing the complaint in its entirety. We have appealed this
decision in January 2019 and filed our grounds of appeal in March 2019. An oral hearing was held on September 6, 2019 in which our legal
counsel brought forward further arguments for the fact that the manufacturing process of the respective catheter locking solution is
indeed protectable as a trade secret. In view of these new arguments, the Court issued an evidentiary order on September 27, 2019 ordering
an expert opinion. The expert opinion was not in our favor, but we have filed a response to the expert opinion in reaction to which the
Court asked the expert to supplement his opinion to address the issues brought forward in our submission. In the supplementary expert
opinion, the expert confirmed his view. In an oral hearing held on June 18, 2021, the Court only heard from the expert, and the Court,
as well as both parties, asked further questions to the expert around his expert opinion. At the end of the hearing and internal deliberation
among the panel of judges, the Court indicated that it would dismiss our complaint, if we did not withdraw the appeal. As there were
no advantages to further pursuing the matter in view of the Court s statements, we withdrew the appeal and the proceedings are
therefore now closed. TauroPharm requested an increase of the value in dispute determined by the Court in order to receive a higher reimbursement
of costs (as this is based on the value in dispute under German law) but the request was rejected in view of arguments brought forward
against it by our legal counsel. We reimbursed costs in the amount of approximately 41,000 plus interest to TauroPharm. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

44 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
for Common Equity 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol CRMD. 

Based
upon information furnished by our transfer agent, at March 15, 2023, we had approximately 272 holders of record of our common stock. 

A comparison of the performance of our common stock is found in Item
12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Stock Performance Graph. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared dividends on our equity securities, and currently do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock
in the foreseeable future. We expect to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Further,
pursuant to the terms of our Series C-3 Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, Series E and G Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, we
may not declare or pay any dividends or make any distributions on any of our shares or other equity securities as long as any of those
preferred shares remain outstanding. Subject to the foregoing, the payment of cash dividends in the future, if any, will be at the discretion
of our Board of Directors and will depend upon such factors as earnings levels, capital requirements, our overall financial condition
and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

A table with information about our common stock that may be issued
upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all our existing equity compensation plans is found in Item 12 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

45 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes
contained elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of Securities
Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our
expected financial condition, business and financing plans. These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could
differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly under the heading Risk Factors. 

Overview

CorMedix
Inc. and our wholly owned German subsidiaries, CorMedix Europe GmbH and CorMedix Spain, S.L.U. (collectively referred to herein as we, 
 us, our and the Company ), is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing
therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of life-threatening diseases and conditions. 

Our
primary focus is on the development of our lead product candidate, DefenCath , for potential commercialization in the United States,
or U.S., and other key markets as a catheter lock solution, or CLS. We have in-licensed the worldwide rights to develop and commercialize
DefenCath and Neutrolin . The name DefenCath is the U.S. proprietary name that was conditionally approved by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, while the name Neutrolin was used in the European Union, or EU, and other territories where we
received CE-Mark approval for the commercial distribution of Neutrolin as a CLS regulated as a medical device. DefenCath/Neutrolin is
a novel anti-infective solution (a formulation of taurolidine 13.5 mg/mL and heparin 1000 USP Units/mL) intended for the reduction and
prevention of catheter-related infections and thrombosis in patients requiring central venous catheters in clinical settings such as
hemodialysis, total parenteral nutrition, and oncology. Infection and thrombosis represent key complications among hemodialysis, total
parenteral nutrition and oncology patients with central venous catheters. These complications can lead to treatment delays and increased
costs to the healthcare system when they occur due to hospitalizations, need for intravenous, or IV antibiotic treatment, long-term anticoagulation
therapy, removal/replacement of the central venous catheter, related treatment costs and increased mortality. We believe DefenCath addresses
a significant unmet medical need and a potential large market opportunity. 

In
January 2015, the FDA designated DefenCath as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, or QIDP, for prevention of catheter-related blood
stream infections in patients with end stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through a central venous catheter. Catheter-related
blood stream infections and clotting can be life-threatening. The QIDP designation provides five years of market exclusivity in addition
to the five years granted for a New Chemical Entity upon approval of a New Drug Application, or NDA. In addition, in January 2015, the
FDA granted Fast Track designation to DefenCath Catheter Lock Solution, a designation intended to facilitate development and expedite
review of drugs that treat serious and life-threatening conditions so that the approved drug can reach the market expeditiously. The
Fast Track designation of DefenCath provides us with the opportunity to meet with the FDA on a more frequent basis during the development
process, and also ensures eligibility to request priority review of the marketing application. 

In
December 2015, we launched our Phase 3 Prospective, Multicenter, Double-blind, Randomized, Active Control Study to Demonstrate Safety
 Effectiveness of DefenCath/Neutrolin in Preventing Catheter-related Bloodstream Infection in Subjects on Hemodialysis for End Stage
Renal Disease, or LOCK-IT-100, in patients with hemodialysis catheters in the U.S. The clinical trial was designed to demonstrate the
safety and effectiveness of DefenCath compared to the standard of care CLS, Heparin, in preventing CRBSIs. The primary endpoint for the
trial assessed the incidence of CRBSI and time to CRBSI for each study subject. Secondary endpoints were catheter patency, which was
defined as required use of tPA, or removal of catheter due to dysfunction, and removal of catheter for any reason. 

As
previously agreed with the FDA, an interim efficacy analysis was performed when the first 28 potential CRBSI cases were identified in
our LOCK-IT-100 study that occurred through early December 2017. Based on these first 28 cases, there was a highly statistically significant
72 reduction in CRBSI by DefenCath relative to the active control of heparin (p=0.0034). Because the pre-specified level of statistical
significance was reached for the primary endpoint and efficacy had been demonstrated with no safety concerns, the LOCK-IT-100 study was
terminated early. The study continued enrolling and treating subjects until study termination, and the final analysis was based on a
total of 795 subjects with a total of 41 cases. There was a 71 reduction in CRBSI by DefenCath relative to heparin, which was highly
statistically significant (p=0.0006), with a good safety profile. 

46 

The
FDA granted our request for a rolling submission and review of the NDA, which is designed to expedite the approval process for products
being developed to address an unmet medical need. Although the FDA usually requires two pivotal clinical trials to provide substantial
evidence of safety and effectiveness for approval of an NDA, the FDA will in some cases accept one adequate and well-controlled trial,
where it is a large multicenter trial with a broad range of subjects and study sites that has demonstrated a clinically meaningful and
statistically very persuasive effect on a disease with potentially serious outcome. 

In
March 2020, we began the modular submission process for the NDA for DefenCath for the prevention of CRBSI in hemodialysis patients, and
in August 2020, the FDA accepted for filing the DefenCath NDA. The FDA also granted our request for priority review, which provides for
a six-month review period instead of the standard ten-month review period. As we announced in March 2021, the FDA informed us in its
Complete Response Letter, or CRL, that it could not approve the NDA for DefenCath in its present form. The FDA noted concerns at the
third-party manufacturing facility after a review of records requested by the FDA and provided by the contract manufacturing organization,
or CMO. Additionally, the FDA required a manual extraction study to demonstrate that the labeled volume can be consistently withdrawn
from the vials despite an existing in-process control to demonstrate fill volume within specifications. 

In
April 2021, we and the CMO met with the FDA to discuss proposed resolutions for the deficiencies identified in the CRL to us and the
Post-Application Action Letter, or PAAL, received by the CMO from the FDA for the NDA for DefenCath. There was an agreed upon protocol
for the manual extraction study identified in the CRL, which has been successfully completed. Addressing the FDA s concerns regarding
the qualification of the filling operation necessitated adjustments in the process and generation of additional data on operating parameters
for manufacture of DefenCath. We and the CMO determined that additional process qualification was needed with subsequent validation to
address these issues. The FDA did not request additional clinical data and did not identify any deficiencies related to the data submitted
on the efficacy or safety of DefenCath from LOCK-IT-100. In draft labeling discussed with the FDA, the FDA added that the initial approval
will be for the limited population of patients with kidney failure receiving chronic hemodialysis through a central venous catheter.
This is consistent with our request for approval pursuant to the Limited Population Pathway for Antibacterial and Antifungal Drugs, or
LPAD. LPAD, passed as part of the 21st Century Cures Act, is a new program intended to expedite the development and approval of certain
antibacterial and antifungal drugs to treat serious or life-threatening infections in limited populations of patients with unmet needs.
LPAD provides for a streamlined clinical development program involving smaller, shorter, or fewer clinical trials and is intended to
encourage the development of safe and effective products that address unmet medical needs of patients with serious bacterial and fungal
infections. We believe that LPAD will provide additional flexibility for the FDA to approve DefenCath to reduce CRBSIs in the limited
population of patients with kidney failure receiving hemodialysis through a central venous catheter. 

On
February 28, 2022, we resubmitted the NDA for DefenCath to address the CRL issued by the FDA. In parallel, our third-party manufacturer
submitted responses to the deficiencies identified at the manufacturing facility in the PAAL issued by the FDA concurrently with the
CRL. On March 28, 2022, we announced that the resubmission of the NDA for DefenCath had been accepted for filing by the FDA. The FDA
considered the resubmission as a complete, Class 2 response with a six-month review cycle. The CMO notified us that an onsite inspection
by the FDA was conducted that resulted in FORM FDA 483 observations that are being addressed. The CMO submitted responses to the inspectional
observations along with a corrective action plan and requested a meeting with the FDA to discuss. We were also notified by our supplier
of heparin, an active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, for DefenCath, that an inspection by the FDA for an unrelated API resulted in
a Warning Letter due to deviations from good manufacturing practices for the unrelated API. 

On
August 8, 2022, we announced receipt of a second CRL from the FDA regarding our DefenCath NDA. The FDA stated that the DefenCath NDA
cannot be approved until deficiencies conveyed to the CMO and the heparin API supplier are resolved to the satisfaction of the FDA. There
were no other requirements identified by the FDA for us prior to resubmission of the NDA. The FDA has acknowledged the progress reports
submitted by the CMO on implementation of the ongoing corrective actions. Validation of manufacturing with heparin from an alternative
supplier is underway to prepare for resubmission of the NDA in the event that the Warning Letter at our current API supplier remains
unresolved. Corrective actions have been implemented to address the inspectional observations at the CMO and are under review by the
FDA. 

47 

As part of the NDA review process, the FDA notified
us that although the tradename DefenCath was conditionally approved, the FDA now has identified potential confusion with another pending
product name that is also under review. The ultimate acceptability of our proposed tradename is dependent upon which application is approved
first. As a precaution, we are preparing to submit an alternative proprietary name to the FDA which will undergo review. 

We
previously announced an agreement with Alcami Corporation, or Alcami, a U.S. based contract manufacturer with proven capabilities for
manufacturing commercial sterile parenteral drug products. Alcami may function as an alternate manufacturing site for DefenCath for the
U.S. market. As part of the technology transfer and validation of the manufacturing process at Alcami, we would also expect to qualify
an alternate source of heparin API sourced from a major U.S. supplier. 

We
intend to pursue additional indications for DefenCath use as a CLS in populations with unmet medical needs that may also represent potentially
significant market opportunities. While we are continuing to assess these areas, potential future indications may include use as a CLS
to reduce CRBSIs in total parenteral nutrition patients using a central venous catheter and in oncology patients using a central venous
catheter. 

In
addition to DefenCath, we are sponsoring a pre-clinical research collaboration for the use of taurolidine as a possible treatment for
rare orphan pediatric tumors. In February 2018, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to taurolidine for the treatment of neuroblastoma
in children. We may seek one or more strategic partners or other sources of capital to help us develop and commercialize taurolidine
for the treatment of neuroblastoma in children. We are also evaluating opportunities for the possible expansion of taurolidine as a platform
compound for use in certain medical devices. Patent applications have been filed in several indications, including wound closure, surgical
meshes, and wound management. Based on initial feasibility work, we are advancing pre-clinical studies for taurolidine-infused surgical
meshes, suture materials and hydrogels. We will seek to establish development/commercial partnerships as these programs advance. 

We
were granted a deferral by the FDA under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, that requires sponsors to conduct pediatric studies
for NDAs for a new active ingredient, such as taurolidine in DefenCath, unless a waiver or deferral is obtained from the FDA. A deferral
acknowledges that a pediatric assessment is required but permits the applicant to submit the pediatric assessment after the submission
of an NDA. We have made a commitment to conduct the pediatric study after approval of the NDA for use in adult hemodialysis patients.
Pediatric studies for an approved product conducted under PREA may qualify for pediatric exclusivity, which, if granted, would provide
an additional six months of marketing exclusivity. DefenCath would then have the potential to receive a total marketing exclusivity period
of 10.5 years, including exclusivity pursuant to NCE and QIDP. 

The
FDA regards taurolidine as a new chemical entity and therefore an unapproved new drug. Consequently, there is no appropriate predicate
medical device currently marketed in the U.S. on which a 510(k) approval process could be based. As a result, we will be required to
submit a premarket approval application, or PMA, for marketing authorization for any medical device indications that we may pursue. In
the event that an NDA for DefenCath is approved by the FDA, the regulatory pathway for these medical device product candidates may be
revisited with the FDA. Although there may be no appropriate predicate, de novo Class II designation can be proposed, based on a risk
assessment and a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. 

In
the European Union, or EU, Neutrolin is regulated as a Class 3 medical device. In July 2013, we received CE Mark approval for Neutrolin.
In December 2013, we commercially launched Neutrolin in Germany for the prevention of CRBSI, and maintenance of catheter patency in hemodialysis
patients using a tunneled, cuffed central venous catheter for vascular access. 

In
September 2014, the TUV-SUD and The Medicines Evaluation Board of the Netherlands, or MEB, granted a label expansion for Neutrolin to
include use in oncology patients receiving chemotherapy, intravenous, or IV, hydration and IV medications via CVC for the EU. In December
2014, we received approval from the Hessian District President in Germany to expand the label for these same expanded indications. The
expansion also adds patients receiving medication and IV fluids via CVC in intensive or critical care units (cardiac care unit, surgical
care unit, neonatal critical care unit, and urgent care centers). An indication for use in total parenteral nutrition was also approved. 

48 

In
September 2019, our registration with the Saudi Arabia Food and Drug Administration, or the SFDA, expired. As a result, we cannot sell
Neutrolin in Saudi Arabia and we do not intend to pursue renewal of our registration with the SFDA. 

As
announced in May 2022, we began the process of winding down our operations in the EU and discontinued Neutrolin sales in both the EU
and the Middle East at the end of 2022. 

Since
our inception, our operations have been primarily limited to conducting clinical trials and establishing manufacturing for our product
candidates, licensing product candidates, business and financial planning, research and development, seeking regulatory approval for
our products, initial commercialization activities for DefenCath in the U.S. and Neutrolin in the EU and other foreign markets, and maintaining
and improving our patent portfolio. We have funded our operations primarily through debt and equity financings. We
have generated significant losses to date, and we expect to use substantial amounts of cash for our operations as we prepare our pre-launch
commercial activities for DefenCath for the U.S. market and commercialize Neutrolin in the EU and other foreign markets, pursue business
development activities, and incur additional legal costs to defend our intellectual property. As of December 31, 2022, we had an
accumulated deficit of approximately 275.4 million. We are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will
become profitable, if ever. 

Financial
Operations Overview 

Revenue 

We
have not generated substantial revenue since our inception. Through December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations primarily through
debt and equity financings. 

Research
and Development Expense 

Research
and development, or R D, expense consists of: (i) internal costs associated with our development activities; (ii) payments we make
to third party contract research organizations, contract manufacturers, investigative sites, and consultants; (iii) technology and intellectual
property license costs; (iv) manufacturing development costs; (v) personnel related expenses, including salaries, stock based compensation
expense, benefits, travel and related costs for the personnel involved in drug development; (vi) activities relating to regulatory filings
and the advancement of our product candidates through pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; (vii) facilities and other allocated
expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, facility maintenance, as well as laboratory and other supplies; and (viii)
costs related to the manufacturing of the product that could potentially be available to support the commercial launch prior to marketing
approval. All R D is expensed as incurred. 

Conducting
a significant amount of development is central to our business model. Product candidates in later-stage clinical development generally
have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of development, primarily due to the significantly increased size and duration
of the clinical trials. 

The
process of conducting pre-clinical studies and clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming.
The probability of success for each product candidate and clinical trial may be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others,
the quality of the product candidate s early clinical data, investment in the program, competition, manufacturing capabilities
and commercial viability. As a result of the uncertainties associated with clinical trial enrollments and the risks inherent in the development
process, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of current or future clinical stages of our product candidates
or when, or to what extent, we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. 

Development
timelines, probability of success and development costs vary widely. We are currently focused on securing the marketing approval for
DefenCath in the U.S. In December 2015, we signed an agreement with a clinical research organization, or CRO, to help us conduct our
LOCK-IT-100 Phase 3 clinical trial in hemodialysis patients with central venous catheters to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of DefenCath
in preventing catheter-related bloodstream infections and blood clotting in subjects receiving hemodialysis therapy as treatment for
end stage renal disease. Our LOCK-IT-100 study was completed and all costs related to the agreement with the CRO has been paid . 

49 

We
are pursuing additional opportunities to generate value from taurolidine, an active component of DefenCath. Based on initial feasibility
work, we have completed an initial round of pre-clinical studies for taurolidine-infused surgical meshes, suture materials, and hydrogels,
which require a PMA regulatory pathway for approval. We are also involved in a pre-clinical research collaboration for the use of taurolidine
as a possible treatment for rare orphan pediatric tumors. In February 2018, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to taurolidine for
the treatment of neuroblastoma in children. We may seek one or more strategic partners or other sources of capital to help us develop
and commercialize taurolidine for the treatment of neuroblastoma in children. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expense 

Selling,
general and administrative, or SG A, expense includes costs related to commercial personnel, medical education professionals, marketing
and advertising, salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for persons serving in our executive,
sales, finance and accounting functions. Other SG A expense includes facility-related costs not included in R D expense, promotional
expenses, costs associated with industry and trade shows, and professional fees for legal services and accounting services. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Transaction Gain (Loss) 

Foreign
currency exchange transaction gain (loss) is the result of re-measuring transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional
currency and is reported in the consolidated statement of operations as a separate line item within other income (expense). The intercompany
loans outstanding between our Company based in New Jersey and our subsidiary based in Germany are not expected to be repaid in the foreseeable
future and the nature of the funding advanced is of a long-term investment nature. As such, unrealized foreign exchange movements related
to long-term intercompany loans are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income consists of interest earned on our cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense consists of interest incurred on financing of expenditures. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following is a tabular presentation of our consolidated operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) : 

2022 
 2021 
 of 
Change 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
 
 Revenue 
 65 
 191 
 (66 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (4 
 (149 
 (97 
 
 Gross profit 
 61 
 42 
 47 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 
 (10,680 
 (13,133 
 (19 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (20,006 
 (16,346 
 22 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (30,686 
 (29,479 
 4 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (30,625 
 (29,437 
 4 
 
 Interest income 
 326 
 14 
 2,164 
 
 Foreign exchange transaction loss 
 37 
 (21 
 (275 
 
 Interest expense, including amortization of debt discount 
 (26 
 (16 
 66 
 
 Total other (expense) income 
 337 
 (23 
 (1,575 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (30,288 
 (29,460 
 3 
 
 Tax benefit 
 586 
 1,250 
 (53 
 
 Net loss 
 (29,702 
 (28,210 
 5 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (4 
 (15 
 (71 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 (29,706 
 (28,225 
 5 

50 

Revenue.
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 65,000 as compared to 191,000 for the same period in 2021, a decrease of 126,000.
The decrease was attributable to lower sales in 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021, as a result of the winding down of our operations
in the EU and the discontinuance of Neutrolin sales in both the EU and the Middle East.	 

Cost
of Sales. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,000 as compared to 149,000 for the same period in 2021, a decrease
of 145,000. The decrease was primarily attributable to the net decrease in cost of materials due to lower sales in 2022 as compared
to the same period in 2021, as a result of the winding down of our operations in the EU and the discontinuance of Neutrolin sales in
both the EU and the Middle East. 

Research
and Development Expense . R D expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10,680,000, a decrease of 2,453,000 from 13,133,000
for the same period in 2021. The decrease was driven by a decrease in personnel expenses of 731,000, as a result of lower R D headcount
in 2022 as compared to 2021, net decreases in costs related to the manufacturing of DefenCath prior to its potential marketing approval
of 617,000, and a decrease in consulting fees of 591,000, attributable to lower costs related to the resubmission of the DefenCath
NDA to the FDA. Additionally, there was also a decrease of 352,000 in non-cash charges for stock-based compensation. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expense . SG A expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20,006,000, an increase of 3,660,000
from 16,346,000 for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in costs related to market research
studies and pre-launch activities in preparation for the potential marketing approval of DefenCath of 2,982,000 and an increase in legal
fees of 1,175,000, mainly due to securities litigation. There was also an increase in personnel expenses of 382,000, as a result of
additional SG A hires in 2022 as compared to 2021. These increases were partially offset, among others of lesser significance, a
decrease in non-cash charges for stock-based compensation of 622,000, a decrease in consulting fees of 412,000. 

Interest
Income . Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 326,000, an increase of 312,000 from 14,000 for the same period
in 2021. The increase was attributable to higher interest rates this year as compared to the same period last year. 

Foreign
Exchange Transaction Income (Loss) . Foreign exchange transaction income (losses) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
due to the re-measuring of transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional currency. 

Interest
Expense . Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 26,000 as compared to 16,000 for the same period in 2021. The
increase of 10,000 was due primarily to higher interest rates on expenses that were financed this year as compared to the same period
last year. 

Tax
Benefit. Tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 586,000 and 1,250,000, respectively, was an income tax
benefit due to the sale of our unused NOL for the state fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, through the NJEDA Program. 

Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss) . Unrealized foreign exchange movements related to long-term loans and the translation of the foreign
affiliate financial statements to U.S. dollars and unrealized movements related to short term investment are recorded in other comprehensive
income (loss) which resulted in a loss of 4,000 and 15,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

51 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

As
a result of our cost of sales, R D and SG A expenditures and the lack of substantial product sales revenue, our ongoing operations
have not been profitable since our inception. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received net proceeds of 17,770,000 from the
issuance of 4,704,259 shares of common stock under our at-the-market-issuance sales agreement as compared to 41,456,000 of net proceeds
for the same period in 2021 from the issuance of 3,737,862 shares of common stock. Additionally, we also received 129,000 and 165,000
from the exercise of warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We will continue to be reliant on external
sources of cash for the foreseeable future until we are able to generate revenue. 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24,357,000 as compared to 21,155,000 in 2021, an increase
in net cash use of 3,202,000. The increase is primarily driven by an increase in net loss of 1,492,000, attributable to a net increase
in operating expenses of 1,206,000, and lower net proceeds from tax benefits of 586,000 as compared to 1,250,000 for the same period
in 2021. Additionally, the increase in net cash used in operating activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was due to
a decrease in accounts payable of 7,000 as compared to an increase of 1,082,000 for the same period in 2021, and a decrease in prepaid
expense and other current assets of 187,000 as compared to 667,000 last year, offset by an increase in accrued expenses of 962,000
compared to 94,000 for the same period in 2021. 

Net
Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,709,000 as compared to 9,135,000 of cash provided in the same
period in 2021. The net cash used during the year ended December 31, 2022, was mainly driven by the higher amount invested in short-term
investments, offset by the higher amount of matured investments and lower purchases of equipment as compared to the same period in 2021. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 17,898,000 as compared to 41,758,000 for the same period
in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated net proceeds of 17,770,000 from the sale of our common stock in our at-the-market,
or ATM program, and 129,000 from the exercise of warrants. In the same period in 2021, we generated net proceeds of 41,456,000 from
the sale of our common stock in our ATM program, 165,000 from the exercise of warrants and 137,000 from the exercise of stock options. 

Funding
Requirements and Liquidity 

Our
total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding restricted cash of 226,000 and
 234,000, respectively, was 58,792,000 and 65,466,000, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we realized net proceeds
of 17,770,000 from the sale of 4,704,259 shares of common stock under our ATM program. At December 31, 2022, we have 150,000,000 available
under our shelf registration statement filed on August 12, 2021 for the issuance of equity, debt or equity-linked securities and 31,640,000
under our ATM program, filed in November 2020. 

Because
our business has not generated positive operating cash flow, we will likely need to raise additional capital in order to continue to
fund our research and development activities, as well as to fund operations generally. Our continued operations are focused
primarily in activities leading to the pre-launch and commercialization for DefenCath and will depend on our ability to raise
sufficient funds through various potential sources, such as equity, debt financings, and/or strategic relationships and potential
strategic transactions. We can provide no assurances that financing or strategic relationships will be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

52 

We
expect to continue to fund operations from cash on hand and through capital raising sources as previously described, which may be dilutive
to existing stockholders, through revenues from the licensing of our products, or through strategic alliances. We expect to continue
to utilize our ATM program, if conditions allow, to support our ongoing funding requirements. Additionally, we may seek to sell additional
equity or debt securities through one or more discrete transactions, or enter into a strategic alliance arrangement, but can provide
no assurances that any such financing or strategic alliance arrangement will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Moreover, the
incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations.
Raising additional funds through strategic alliance arrangements with third parties may require significant time to complete and could
force us to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or to grant
licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us or our stockholders. Our actual cash requirements may vary materially from those now
planned due to a number of factors, any change in the focus and direction of our research and development programs, any acquisition or
pursuit of development of new product candidates, competitive and technical advances, the costs of commercializing any of our product
candidates, and costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and any other intellectual property rights. 

Sales
of Neutrolin outside the U.S. are not expected to generate significant product revenues for the foreseeable future, and we expect to
grow product sales for DefenCath in the U.S., should we receive FDA approval. In the absence of significant revenue, we are likely to
continue generating operating cash flow deficits. We will continue to use cash as we increase other activities leading to the commercialization
of DefenCath upon approval, pursue business development activities, and incur additional legal costs to defend our intellectual property. 

We
currently estimate that as of December 31, 2022, we have sufficient cash to fund operations for at least twelve months from the issuance
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, after taking into consideration the costs for resubmission of the NDA and initial preparations for
the commercial launch for DefenCath. Additional financing will likely be needed to build out our commercial infrastructure following
FDA approval and to continue our operations should we decide to market and sell DefenCath in the U.S. on our own. If we are unable to
raise additional funds when needed, we may be forced to slow or discontinue our preparations for the commercial launch of DefenCath.
We may also be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs. Each of these alternatives
would likely have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
entered into a seven-year operating lease agreement in March 2020 for an office space at 300 Connell Drive, Berkeley Heights, New Jersey
07922. The lease agreement, with a monthly average cost of approximately 17,000, commenced on September 16, 2020. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation
of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities
and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments, including those described below. We base our estimates
on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates
and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results and experiences may differ materially from these estimates. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to our financial statements included with this report, we believe
that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial
results and affect the more significant judgments and estimates that we use in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
account for stock options according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC No. 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Share-based compensation
cost is measured at grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award using a Black-Scholes option pricing model for options
with service or performance-based conditions. Stock-based compensation cost is recognized as expense, over the requisite service period
on a straight-line basis. 

53 

Valuations
incorporate several variables, including expected term, expected volatility, expected dividend yield and a risk-free interest rate. We
estimate the expected term of the options granted based on anticipated exercises in future periods. The expected stock price volatility
for the Company s stock options is calculated based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The expected
dividend yield reflects our current and expected future policy for dividends on our common stock. To determine the risk-free interest
rate, we utilize the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a term consistent with the expected term of our awards
which is 5 years for employees and 10 years for non-employees. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See
the financial statements included at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the appointment of our Chief Executive Officer, effective May 10, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during our year ended December 31, 2022, or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls, that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

54 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. As defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers
and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In
connection with the preparation of our annual consolidated financial statements, management, including, our Principal Executive and Financial
Officer, has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on the criterial established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control
over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. 

Based
on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

55 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

We
have adopted a written Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, executive officers and all employees. We intend to disclose
any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of ethics and business conduct that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules
of the SEC by filing such amendment or waiver with the SEC. This code of ethics and business conduct can be found in the Investors
 Corporate Governance section of our website, www.cormedix.com . 

Directors

The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our directors as of March 15, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Position(s) with CorMedix 
 
 Joseph Todisco 
 
 47 
 
 March 2022 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Paulo F. Costa 
 
 72 
 
 September 2020 
 
 Director 
 
 Janet Dillione 
 
 62 
 
 August 2015 
 
 Director 
 
 Gregory Duncan 
 
 58 
 
 November 2020 
 
 Director 
 
 Alan W. Dunton 
 
 68 
 
 March 2019 
 
 Director 
 
 Myron Kaplan 
 
 77 
 
 April 2016 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Steven Lefkowitz 
 
 67 
 
 June 2017 
 
 Director 

Joseph
Todisco became a director of CorMedix in March 2022. Prior to joining CorMedix as our Chief Executive Officer, he was a senior
executive at Amneal Pharmaceuticals, where for the past 11 years he has held various roles, most recently as Executive Vice President,
Chief Commercial Officer where he was responsible for Amneal Specialty, a growing branded products business. During his tenure at Amneal,
Mr. Todisco held roles overseeing corporate development and international operations, leading commercial teams in several international
markets including the UK, Australia and Germany, as well as leading Amneal s merger integration with Impax Laboratories in 2018.
He was previously Co-Founder and managing executive of Gemini Laboratories, a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the sales and
marketing for niche branded products in the US Market. Gemini Laboratories was established as an affiliate of Amneal Pharmaceuticals
and was subsequently acquired by Amneal in 2018. Prior to joining Amneal, Mr. Todisco was Vice President, Business Development 
Licensing at Ranbaxy, Inc. where he was responsible for developing and executing Ranbaxy s North American commercial business strategy.
Prior to Ranbaxy, he held various roles at Par Pharmaceutical, and in his earlier career held positions at Oppenheimer Company
and Marsh McLennan Companies. Mr. Todisco obtained his MBA in finance from Fordham Graduate School of Business and his BA in Economics
from Georgetown University. Among other qualifications, attributes and skills, Mr. Todisco s business expertise and significant
executive management experience in the pharmaceutical industry led to the conclusion of our Board that he should serve as a director
of our Company in light of our business and structure. 

Paulo
F. Costa has been a director of CorMedix since September 2020. Mr. Costa previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer
of Novartis U.S. Corporation, from October 2005 to August 2008. Prior to his work at Novartis U.S. Corporation, Mr. Costa was President
and Chief Executive Officer of Novartis Pharmaceuticals, U.S. from July 1999 to September 2005. Prior to joining Novartis, Mr. Costa
spent 30 years at Johnson Johnson, including as President of Janssen Pharmaceutica, Inc. from 1992 to 1998. From August 2009 to
August 2012, Mr. Costa served as Chairman of the Board of Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc, a commercial stage biopharma company, until its
sale to Bristol-Myers Squibb and AstraZeneca in a 7 billion transaction in 2012. Mr. Costa served as Director from June 2009 to October
2013 and Chairman until May 2022 of MacroGenics, Inc., a public oncology focused biopharma company. Mr. Costa received his undergraduate
degree from S o Paulo School of Business Administration and earned a master s degree in business administration from Harvard
Business School. Among other experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, Mr. Costa s significant depth of experience in
the pharmaceutical industry, including service as a director and executive of pharmaceutical companies, led to the conclusion of our
Board that he should serve as a director of our Company in light of our business and structure. 

56 

Janet
Dillione has been a director of CorMedix since August 2015. Since November 2020, Ms. Dillione has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Connect America, a nationally recognized leader in comprehensive telehealth and remote patient monitoring solutions. Prior
to joining Connect America and starting in May 2014, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Bernoulli Enterprise, Inc., a real-time
connected healthcare information technology company. Previously, she was at Nuance Communications, Inc., a leading provider of voice
and language solutions for businesses and consumers around the world, having joined Nuance in April 2010 as Executive Vice President
and General Manager of the Healthcare Division and serving as an executive officer from March 2010 until May 2014. From June 2000 to
March 2010, Ms. Dillione held several senior level management positions at Siemens Medical Solutions, a global leader in medical imaging,
laboratory diagnostics, and healthcare information technology, including President and CEO of the global healthcare IT division. Ms.
Dillione currently serves as a director of Vizient, Inc., a private health care performance improvement company. Ms. Dillione received
her B.A. from Brown University in 1981 and completed the Executive Program at The Wharton School of Business of the University of Pennsylvania
in 1998. She has over 25 years of experience leading global teams in the development and delivery of healthcare technology and services.
Among other qualifications, attributes and skills, Ms. Dillione s financial and IT expertise and significant executive management
experience with medical device and healthcare companies led to the conclusion of our Board that she should serve as a director of our
Company in light of our business and structure. 

Gregory
Duncan has been a director of CorMedix since November 2020. Mr. Duncan currently serves as the Chairman and CEO of Virios Therapeutics,
a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing and commercializing innovative antiviral therapies to treat diseases associated
with a viral triggered abnormal immune response, such as fibromyalgia (FM), and has served since April 2020. From 2014 and prior to joining
his current company, Mr. Duncan served as President and CEO of Celtaxsys, a privately held biotechnology company focused on cystic fibrosis
and other rare, inflammatory diseases. Mr. Duncan has spent the majority of his career in senior leadership roles in commercial stage
pharmaceutical companies. From 2007 to 2013, he served as a senior executive at UCB, including as President of its North America business,
as well as an executive committee member. Prior to his roles with UCB, Mr. Duncan spent approximately 17 years at Pfizer where he gained
significant experience across sales and marketing functions including serving as SVP of US Marketing and later as President of Pfizer s
Latin America business from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Duncan received his undergraduate degree from the State University of New York, Albany,
and earned an MBA degree from Emory University. Among other experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, Mr. Duncan s significant
depth of experience in the pharmaceutical industry led to the conclusion of our Board that he should serve as a director of our Company
in light of our business and structure. 

Alan
W. Dunton, M.D. has been a director of CorMedix since March 2019. He is the founder and principal consultant of Danerius,
LLC, a biotechnology and pharmaceutical consulting business which he started in 2006. From 1994, he served in senior positions in Research
and Development in the Pharmaceutical Division of Johnson and Johnson including President and Managing Director of Janssen, the major
research, development and regulatory arm of the pharmaceuticals division at Johnson Johnson. From January 2007 through March 2009,
Dr. Dunton served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Panacos Pharmaceuticals, Inc. From November 2015 through March 2018, Dr.
Dunton was the Head/Senior Vice President of Research, Development and Regulatory Affairs of Purdue Pharma L.P., a private pharmaceutical
company. Dr. Dunton received his Bachelor of Science degree in biochemistry, magna cum laude, from State University of New York at Buffalo,
and received his M.D. from New York University School of Medicine. In addition to CorMedix, Dr. Dunton currently serves on the boards
of three public companies, as a Director at Palatin Technologies, Inc. and Oragenics, Inc. he chairs the Compensation Committees of both
companies. He also serves as a member of the Audit Committees of these companies. Additionally, Dr. Dunton is a member of the board of
Recce Pharma Ltd., an Australian public biotechnology company focused on developing novel anti-infectives for serious and life threatening
diseases. Among other qualifications, Dr. Dunton s significant depth of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including service
as a director of public pharmaceutical companies, led to the conclusion of our Board that he should serve as a director of our Company
in light of our business and structure. 

Myron
Kaplan became a director of CorMedix in April 2016 and became Chairman of the Board in August 2017. He is a founding partner
of Kleinberg, Kaplan, Wolff Cohen, P.C., a New York City general practice law firm, where he has practiced corporate and securities
law for more than forty years. In 2012, Mr. Kaplan became a trustee of the Lehman Brothers Plan Holding Trust. Previously, he served
as a member of the board of directors of SAirGroup Finance (USA) Inc., a subsidiary of SAirGroup that had publicly issued debt securities,
Trans World Airlines, Inc. and Kitty Hawk, Inc. Among his business and civic involvements, Mr. Kaplan currently serves on the boards
of directors of a number of private companies and has been active for many years on the boards of trustees and various board committees
of The Children s Museum of Manhattan and JBI International (formerly The Jewish Braille Institute of America). Mr. Kaplan graduated
from Columbia College and holds a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School. Among other experience, qualifications, attributes and skills,
Mr. Kaplan s experience in a broad range of corporate and securities matters and service as a director of public companies led
to the conclusion of our Board that he should serve as a director of our Company in light of our business and structure. 

Steven
Lefkowitz was a director of CorMedix from August 2011 to June 2016. He was reappointed to the Board in June 2017. He also served
as our acting Chief Financial Officer from August 2013 to July 2014. Mr. Lefkowitz has been the President and Founder of Wade Capital
Corporation, a financial advisory services company, since June 1990. Mr. Lefkowitz has been a director of both public and private companies.
Mr. Lefkowitz received his A.B. from Dartmouth College in 1977 and his M.B.A. from Columbia University in 1985. Among other experience,
qualifications, attributes and skills, Mr. Lefkowitz s education, experience and financial expertise led to the conclusion of our
Board that he should serve as a director of our Company in light of our business and structure. 

57 

Board
Independence 

Our
Board has undertaken a review of the independence of our directors and has determined that (i) all current directors, except Mr. Todisco, our Chief Executive Officer, are independent
within the meaning of Section 5605(b) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, (ii) all members of our Audit Committee meet the additional test
for independence for audit committee members imposed by SEC regulation and Section 5605(c) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, (iii) all
of the members of our Compensation Committee are independent within the meaning of Section 5605(d) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, and
(iv) all of the members of our Nominating and Governance Committee, except Mr. Todisco, our Chief Executive Officer, are independent within the meaning of Section 5605(e) of the Nasdaq
Marketplace Rules. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. Our Audit Committee currently
consists of Mr. Lefkowitz (Chair), Dr. Dunton and Mr. Duncan. Our Compensation Committee currently consists of Ms. Dillione (Chair),
Dr. Dunton and Mr. Duncan. Our Nominating and Governance Committee currently consists of Mr. Costa (Chair), Mr. Kaplan, Ms. Dillione
and Mr. Todisco. The membership of these Committees may be changed after our next annual meeting. 

Each
of the above-referenced committees operates pursuant to a formal written charter. The charters for each committee, which have been adopted
by our Board, contain a detailed description of the respective committee s duties and responsibilities and are available on our
website at www.cormedix.com under the Investor Relations Corporate Governance tab. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee monitors our corporate financial statements and reporting and our external audits, including, among other things, our
internal controls and audit functions, the results and scope of the annual audit and other services provided by our independent registered
public accounting firm and our compliance with legal matters that have a significant impact on our financial statements. The Audit Committee
also consults with our management and our independent registered public accounting firm prior to the presentation of financial statements
to stockholders and, as appropriate, initiates inquiries into aspects of our financial affairs. The Audit Committee is responsible for
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing
matters. In addition, the Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, retention, compensation and oversight of the work
of our independent registered public accounting firm, including approving services and fee arrangements. All related party transactions
will be approved by the Audit Committee before we enter into them. 

Both
our independent registered public accounting firm and internal financial personnel regularly meet with, and have unrestricted access
to, the Audit Committee. 

The
Board has determined that each of Mr. Lefkowitz, Dr. Dunton and Mr. Duncan qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as that term is defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. The designation of each of Mr. Lefkowitz, Dr. Dunton and Mr. Duncan
as an audit committee financial expert does not impose on them any duties, obligations or liability that are greater than
those that are generally imposed on them as a member of the Audit Committee and the Board, and their designation as an audit committee
financial expert pursuant to this SEC requirement does not affect the duties, obligations or liability of any other member of
the Audit Committee or the Board. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee reviews and approves our compensation policies and all forms of compensation to be provided to our executive officers,
including, among other things, annual salaries, bonuses, and other incentive compensation arrangements. In addition, the Compensation
Committee administers our equity compensation plans, including granting stock options to our executive officers. The Compensation Committee
also reviews and approves employment agreements with executive officers and other compensation policies and matters. 

Since
2016, we have periodically engaged Frederic W. Cook Co., an independent compensation consultant, for input on the compensation
of our Named Executive Officers and directors. The Compensation Committee assessed the independence of Frederic W. Cook Co., considering
the factors required by the Nasdaq Global Market Listing Rules and concluded that no conflict of interest exists that would prevent Frederic
W. Cook Co. from independently representing our Company. In the future, we, or the Compensation Committee, may engage or seek the
advice of Frederic W. Cook Co., or another compensation consultant. 

At
our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, our stockholders indicated their preference that we solicit a non-binding advisory vote on the
compensation of the named executive officers, commonly referred to as a Say-On-Pay vote, every year. This vote is not intended
to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our named executive officers and the philosophy,
policies and practices described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Compensation Committee evaluates our executive compensation
program in light of our benchmarking of peer companies with the advice of Frederic W. Cook as well as our shareholders views 
including the Say-On-Pay votes when making future decisions regarding executive compensation. We solicited a Say-On-Pay
vote at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, and the next Say-On-Pay vote will occur at the 2023 annual meeting of
stockholders. 

Each
member of the Compensation Committee is a non-employee director, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

58 

Nominating
and Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee identifies, evaluates and recommends nominees to the Board and committees of the Board, conducts
searches for appropriate directors and evaluates the performance of the Board and of individual directors. The Nominating and Governance
Committee also is responsible for reviewing developments in corporate governance practices, evaluating the adequacy of our corporate
governance practices and reporting and making recommendations to the Board concerning corporate governance matters. 

Executive
Officers 

The following table sets forth the name, age and
position of each of our executive officers as of March 15, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) with CorMedix 
 
 Joseph Todisco 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Matthew David 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Phoebe Mounts 
 
 72 
 
 Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Head of Regulatory, Compliance and Legal 
 
 Elizabeth Hurlburt 
 
 44 
 
 Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical Operations 
 
 Erin Mistry 
 
 41 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

See
the biography for Joseph Todisco under Directors. 

Matthew
David became our Chief Financial Officer in May 2020. From October 4, 2021 through May 10, 2022, Dr. David also served as
our interim Chief Executive Officer in addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining us, he most recently served
as Head of Strategy at Ovid Therapeutics Inc, a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical company focused on developing treatments for rare
neurological disorders, where he was responsible for financing strategy and investor relations, and joined in October 2018. Prior to
Ovid, Dr. David was a Strategic Advisor to Frequency Therapeutics, advising on financing, investor relations and strategic initiatives
from 2017 to early 2019. Prior to Frequency, Dr. David spent the majority of his career as an investment banker specialized in the life
sciences sectors, including at Piper Jaffray, Thomas Weisel Partners, Ferghana Partners and most recently at Bank of America Merrill
Lynch. As part of his experience as an investment banker, Dr. David has advised on a broad range of capital raising and strategic transactions.
Earlier in his career, Dr. David was part of the equity research team at Lehman Brothers, focusing on Large Pharma. Dr. David began his
career as a surgical resident at Beth Israel Hospital, after receiving an M.D. from NYU School of Medicine. Dr. David earned his Bachelor
of Arts degree in Chemistry, magna cum laude, from Dartmouth College. 

Phoebe
Mounts became our Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Head of Regulatory, Compliance and Legal in May 2019 and Technical
Operations in October 2021. Prior to her employment with us, Dr. Mounts was a partner at Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP, where she provided
legal counsel to life sciences companies for over 20 years. As part of her work at Morgan Lewis, Dr. Mounts had been providing us legal
services as outside counsel since 2013, with responsibility for developing our FDA regulatory strategies for DefenCath. Prior to graduating
from Georgetown University Law Center, Dr. Mounts was on the faculty of the Johns Hopkins University School of Public Health for 16 years,
specializing in molecular biology and infectious disease. She received her Ph.D. in molecular biology from the University of Edinburgh
in Scotland. 

Elizabeth Hurlburt became
our Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical Operations in March 2018. Her current role is Executive Vice President and Head of
Clinical and Medical Affairs, effective May 2022. Prior to her employment, Ms. Hurlburt had been providing us clinical operations expertise
as a consultant since late November 2017. Before she began her consulting career, she held several progressive management roles in clinical
operations, most recently at Gemphire Therapeutics, as a Senior Director, Clinical Operations from April 2015 to October 2016, then as
Vice President, Clinical Operations from October 2016 to March 2018. Ms. Hurlburt received her B.A. in Leadership and Organizational
Management from Bay Path College and a M.S. in Management and Leadership from Western Governors University. 

Erin Mistry became our Senior Vice
President of Payer Strategy, Government Affairs and Trade in March 2020. Her current role is Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial
Officer, effective January 2023. Prior to joining CorMedix, Erin held roles as VP market access at Intarcia therapeutics as well as Senior
Managing Director of the global Value and Access practice at Syneos Health. During her career, Erin has worked with emerging, mid-size,
and large biopharma companies with a focus on pricing, access and reimbursement. She currently serves on the boards of Incubate Coalition
and the AntiMicrobial Working Group, both in Washington, DC. Erin holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering (healthcare) and an M.S. in Biomechanical
Engineering from North Carolina State University. 

On May 10, 2022, Thomas Nusbickel, our former Chief
Commercial Officer, and CorMedix mutually agreed to part ways, effective June 1, 2022. 

59 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Director
Compensation in Fiscal 2022 

The
following table shows the compensation earned by each non-employee director of our Company for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards (1) (2) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Paulo F. Costa 
 94,000 
 59,960 
 153,960 
 
 Janet Dillione 
 78,000 
 59,960 
 137,960 
 
 Gregory Duncan 
 72,000 
 59,960 
 131,960 
 
 Alan W. Dunton 
 82,000 
 59,960 
 141,960 
 
 Myron Kaplan 
 130,000 
 59,960 
 189,960 
 
 Steven Lefkowitz 
 93,000 
 59,960 
 152,960 

(1) The amounts included in this
 column are the dollar amounts representing the full grant date fair value of each stock option award calculated in accordance with
 FASB ASC Topic 718 and do not represent the actual value that may be recognized by the directors upon option exercise. For
 information on the valuation assumptions used in calculating these amounts, see Note 9 to our audited financial statements included
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) As
of December 31, 2022, the number of shares underlying options held by each non-employee director was as follows: 63,750 shares for Mr.
Costa; 125,000 shares for Ms. Dillione; 62,500 for Mr. Duncan; 92,500 shares for Dr. Dunton; 106,000 shares for Mr. Kaplan; and 103,000
shares for Mr. Lefkowitz. 

Director
Compensation Plan 

The
Board, following the recommendation of the Compensation Committee and, based on advice of Frederic W. Cook Co., determined that
no adjustment was needed with regard to Board and committee cash compensation for 2022. 

The
2022 compensation program is set forth below in the table. Each year we make an annual grant of stock options to each non-employee director
with respect to 20,000 shares and we make an initial grant of stock options to new non-employee directors with respect to 25,000 shares,
prorated as appropriate. All stock options are subject to continued service on the Board through the vesting date. The exercise price
per share of each stock option granted to our non-employee directors is equal to the fair market value of our common stock as determined
based upon the closing sales price for our stock on the date of grant. 

Cash 
 Stock 
 Options 
 
 Annual Fee 
 55,000 

First Election to Board 
 
 25,000 (1) 
 
 Annual Grant, Prorated in First Year Following Election to the Board 
 
 20,000 (2) 
 
 Additional Annual Fee - Board Chair 
 45,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Audit Chair 
 23,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Compensation Chair 
 18,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Nomination and Governance Chair 
 14,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Audit Committee Non-Chair Members 
 10,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Compensation Committee Non-Chair Members 
 7,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Nomination and Governance Committee Non-Chair Members 
 5,000 

Additional Annual Fee - Strategic Committee Members 
 15,000 

Additional One-Time Fee - Search Committee for CEO 
 10,000 (3) 

(1) Vest
one third each on the date of grant and the first and second anniversary date of grant. 

(2) Vest
monthly over one year after the grant date. 

(3) The
additional one-time fee for the Search Committee for CEO was paid in Q2 2022. 

We
maintain a Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, pursuant to which our non-employee directors may defer all of their cash director
fees and restricted stock units. Any cash fees due to a participating director will be converted into a number of shares of our common
stock by dividing the dollar amount of fees payable by the closing price of our common stock on the date such fees would be payable,
and the director s unfunded account is credited with the shares. The shares that accumulate in a director s account will
be paid to the director on the tenth business day in January following the year in which the director s service terminates for
whatever reason, other than death, in which case the account will be paid within 30 days of the date of death to the designated beneficiary,
as applicable. In the event of a change in control of our Company, the director would receive cash in an amount equal to the number of
shares in the account multiplied by the fair market value of our common stock on the change in control date, and the payment would be
accelerated to five business days after the effective date of the change in control. 

60 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Components
of Compensation 

The key components of our executive compensation
package are cash compensation (salary and annual bonuses), long-term equity incentive awards and change in control and other severance
agreements. These components are administered with the goal of providing total compensation that recognizes meaningful differences in
individual performance, is competitive, varies the opportunity based on individual and corporate performance, and is valued by our Named
Executive Officers. During 2022, our Named Executive Officers were Joseph Todisco, Matthew David, Phoebe Mounts, Elizabeth Hurlburt and
Thomas Nusbickel. Mr. Todisco s service as our Chief Executive Officer was effective May 10, 2022. Mr. Nusbickel separated from
service as our Chief Commercial Officer effective June 1, 2022. 

Base
Salary 

It
is the Compensation Committee s objective to set a competitive rate of annual base salary for each Named Executive Officer. The
Compensation Committee believes competitive base salaries are necessary to attract and retain top quality executives, since it is common
practice for public companies to provide their named executive officers with a guaranteed annual component of compensation that is not
subject to performance risk. The Compensation Committee, on its own or with outside consultants, may establish salary ranges for the
Named Executive Officers, with minimum to maximum opportunities that cover the normal range of market variability. The actual base salary
for each Named Executive Officer is then derived from those salary ranges based on his or her responsibility, tenure and past performance
and market comparability. Annual base salaries for the Named Executive Officers are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee
in the first quarter following the end of the previous performance year. Changes in base salary are based on the scope of an individual s
current job responsibilities, individual performance in the previous performance year, target pay position relative to the peer group,
and our salary budget guidelines. The Compensation Committee reviews established goals and objectives, and determines an individual s
achievement of those goals and objectives and considers the recommendations provided by the Chief Executive Officer to assist it in determining
appropriate salaries for the Named Executive Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, with the advice of outside consultants, including Frederic W. Cook Co.,
the Compensation Committee increased the salaries of certain of our Named Executive Officers to account for adjustments in the market.
See under the caption Employment Agreements. 

In
March 2019, May 2020, March 2021 and March 2022, respectively, we entered into an employment agreement with each of Phoebe Mounts, our
Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Head of Regulatory, Compliance and Legal, Matthew David, our Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, Elizabeth Hurlburt, our Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical Operations, and Joseph Todisco, our
Chief Executive Officer. These agreements provide for a salary for each Named Executive Officer and are described under the caption Employment
Agreements. 

Dr.
David, our Chief Financial Officer, served as interim Chief Executive Officer until Mr. Todisco was appointed Chief Executive Officer,
effective May 10, 2022. Dr. David s base salary was increased from 330,000 to 425,000 to account for the additional responsibilities
associated with serving as the interim Chief Executive Officer. His compensation as the interim Chief Executive Officer is described
under the caption Employment Agreements. Following Dr. David s tenure as the interim Chief Executive Officer, and
as he continues to serve as Chief Financial Officer, his annual base salary was 375,000. 

On
March 16, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Todisco to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, effective May 10, 2022. 

The
base salary information for our Named Executive Officers for 2022 is described under the caption Employment Agreements. 

Annual
Bonuses 

We
maintain the CorMedix Inc. Executive Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan ), which is used to grant annual and other performance bonuses
to executives, including our Named Executive Officers. The Bonus Plan provides for bonuses based on achievement of performance objectives,
as determined by the Compensation Committee for each performance period. 

61 

As part of their compensation package, our Named Executive Officers
generally have the opportunity to earn annual non-equity incentive bonuses under the Bonus Plan. Annual non-equity bonuses are designed
to reward superior executive performance while reinforcing our short-term strategic operating goals. The Board approves, based on the
Compensation Committee s recommendation, an annual corporate target award for the Named Executive Officers based on a percentage
of base salary and any applicable terms in any individual employment agreements. Annual bonus targets as a percentage of base salary increase
with executive rank so that for the more senior executives, a greater proportion of their total cash compensation is contingent upon annual
performance. For 2022, Dr. Mounts, Ms. Hurlburt and Mr. Nusbickel were each eligible for an annual target bonus of 30 each of their respective
base salary then in effect. Dr. David was eligible for an annual target bonus of 30 of base salary prior to serving as interim Chief
Executive Officer and the target was increased to 60 of base salary while serving in that role. Following Dr. David s tenure as
the interim Chief Executive Officer, and as he continues to serve as Chief Financial Officer, his current annual target bonus is 40 .
Mr. Todisco joined the Company on May 10, 2022 and his bonus is described in more detail under the caption Employment Agreements. 

At the beginning of the performance year, the Board
approves annual corporate goals and objectives, based on the recommendations of the Compensation Committee. The Board or Compensation
Committee approves bonus awards, if any, for each Named Executive Officer based on the achievement of these pre-established corporate
goals and such other factors as our Board or Compensation Committee deems appropriate, based on recommendations of the Compensation Committee.
For any given performance year, proposed annual bonuses may range from 0 to 100 of target, or higher under certain circumstances. Corporate
performance has a significant impact on the annual bonus amounts because the Compensation Committee and Board believe it is an appropriate
measure of how the Named Executive Officer contributed to business results. For 2022, the Compensation Committee determined that it was
appropriate to pay bonuses to Mr. Todisco, Dr. Mounts, Dr. David and Ms. Hurlburt based on achievement of corporate goals and individual
performance in 2022. Each of Mr. Todisco, Dr. Mounts, Dr. David and Ms. Hurlburt received performance bonuses of 305,760, 88,200, 147,235
and 84,848, respectively. In the case of Dr. David, his bonus reflected his bonus targets as both the interim Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, on a prorated basis. These bonuses were paid in early 2023. Mr. Nusbickel received a bonus in accordance
with the terms of his separation agreement as described under Employment Agreements below. 

In
2021, the Compensation Committee approved a special performance bonus opportunity under the Bonus Plan for Dr. Matthew David, then interim
Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Phoebe Mounts, Executive Vice President and General
Counsel and Head of Technical Operations, and Ms. Elizabeth Hurlburt, Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical Operations, to provide
an incentive for the Company s leadership team to accomplish specific performance objectives during a performance period beginning
October 1, 2021 and ending March 31, 2022. The executives had an opportunity to earn a performance bonus of up to 30 of salary for Dr.
Mounts and Ms. Hurlburt and up to 60 of salary for Dr. David based on attainment of key performance objectives, continued employment
and compliance with restrictive covenants. With new leadership while Dr. David served as interim Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation
Committee determined that it was appropriate to provide specific targeted performance objectives tied to incentive payments to drive
performance that is intended to support our long-term performance. In May 2022, Dr. David, Dr. Mounts and Ms. Hurlburt received performance
bonuses of 242,250, 106,875 and 89,775, respectively. 

Long-Term
Incentive Equity Awards 

We
believe that long-term performance is achieved through an ownership culture that encourages high performance by our Named Executive Officers
through the use of stock-based awards. Our long-term incentive plans were established to provide our employees, including our Named Executive
Officers, with incentives to help align employees interests with the interests of our stockholders. The Compensation Committee
believes that the use of stock-based awards offers the best approach to achieving our long-term compensation goals. We have historically
elected to use stock options as the primary long-term equity incentive vehicle; however, the Compensation Committee may in the future
utilize other forms of equity grants as part of our long-term incentive program. We have selected the Black-Scholes method of valuation
for share-based compensation. Due to the early stage of our business and our desire to preserve cash, we may provide a greater portion
of total compensation to our Named Executive Officers through stock options and other equity grants than through cash-based compensation.
The Compensation Committee generally oversees the administration of our equity plans. 

Stock
Options 

On October 13, 2022, our shareholders approved the Amended and Restated
2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, which, subject to certain adjustments, authorizes us to issue up to 4,800,000 additional shares of
our common stock as long-term equity incentives to our employees, consultants and directors. The long-term incentives may be in the form
of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent rights, or other rights or
benefits to employees, consultants, and directors of our Company or a related entity. 

The
Compensation Committee or the Board, based on Compensation Committee recommendations, makes stock option awards to Named Executive Officers
based upon a review of competitive compensation data, its assessment of individual performance, a review of each Named Executive Officer s
existing long-term incentives, and retention considerations. Periodic stock option grants are made, or recommended to the Board, at the
discretion of the Compensation Committee to eligible employees and, in appropriate circumstances, the Compensation Committee considers
the recommendations of our Chief Executive Officer. 

Stock options granted to employees have an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the day of grant, typically vest based on continued employment and, for performance-based
grants, upon the achievement of certain performance-based milestones, and generally expire 10 years after the date of grant. The fair
value of the options granted to the Named Executive Officers in the Summary Compensation Table is determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes
method of valuation for share-based compensation. Incentive stock options also include certain other terms necessary to ensure compliance
with the Code. 

In February 2023, the Board, based on the recommendation
of the Compensation Committee, granted time-based stock options to our Named Executive Officers based on 2022 metrics as determined by
the Board. The time-based stock options vest annually in four increments while the executive remains employed by the Company. The Board
granted 125,000 time-based stock options each to Dr. David, Dr. Mounts and Ms. Hurlburt, all with an exercise price of 4.43 per share,
and 400,000 time-based stock options to Mr. Todisco with an exercise price of 4.43 per share. 

62 

In
January 2021, the Board, based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, granted a mix of time-based and performance-based
stock options to Drs. Mounts and David, Messrs. Armstrong and Baluch, and Ms. Hurlburt, which vested annually in four increments while
the executive remained employed by the Company. These performance-based stock options were forfeited in December 2022 because the performance
was not achieved and, in the case of Messrs. Armstrong and Baluch, they no longer remained employed by us. 

We
expect to continue to use stock options as a long-term incentive vehicle because: 

Stock
options align the interests of our Named Executive Officers with those of our stockholders, supporting a pay-for-performance culture,
foster employee stock ownership, and focus the management team on increasing value for our stockholders. 

Stock
options are performance-based. All of the value received by the recipient of a stock option is based on the growth of the stock price.
In addition, stock options can be issued with vesting based on the achievement of performance goals. 

Stock
options help to provide balance to the overall executive compensation program as base salary and annual bonuses focus on short-term compensation,
while the vesting of stock options increases stockholder value over the longer term. 

The
vesting period of stock options encourages executive retention and the preservation of stockholder value. In determining the number of
stock options to be granted to our Named Executive Officers, we take into account the individual s position, scope of responsibility,
ability to affect profits and stockholder value, the individual s historic and recent performance and the value of stock options
in relation to other elements of the individual Named Executive Officer s total compensation. 

Executive
Benefits and Perquisites 

Our
Named Executive Officers are parties to employment agreements as described below. In addition, consistent with our compensation philosophy,
we intend to continue to maintain our current benefits for our Named Executive Officers, including medical, dental and life insurance
and the ability to contribute to a 401(k) plan; however, the Compensation Committee in its discretion may revise, amend, or add
to the officer s executive benefits if it deems it advisable. We believe these benefits are currently comparable to benefit levels
for comparable companies. 

Employment
Agreements 

Employment
Agreements with Current Named Executive Officers 

On
March 16, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Todisco, our Chief Executive Officer. After the initial term, the term
of the employment agreement will automatically renew for additional successive one-year periods, unless either party notifies the other
in writing at least 90 days before the expiration of the then-current term that the term will not be renewed. The terms of Mr. Todisco s
employment agreement are further described below. 

On
May 11, 2020, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. David to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. After the initial three-year
term of the employment agreement, the term of the employment agreement will automatically renew for additional successive one-year periods,
unless either party notifies the other in writing at least 90 days before the expiration of the then-current term that the term will
not be renewed. 

On
October 26, 2021, we entered into a letter agreement with Dr. David which modified certain terms of his employment agreement, dated as
of May 11, 2020, and provided other compensation as a result of Dr. David serving as our interim Chief Executive Officer, effective as
of October 4, 2021 through May 10, 2022. Pursuant to the letter agreement, during the period in which Dr. David served as interim Chief
Executive Officer, his base salary was increased to 425,000 from 330,000, which is the amount set forth in his employment agreement.
After Dr. David ceased to serve as interim Chief Executive Officer and while he serves as Chief Financial Officer, he receives an annual
base salary of 375,000, effective May 10, 2022. Under the letter agreement, Dr. David s target annual bonus with respect to the
period during which he served as interim Chief Executive Officer was increased to 60 from 30 of his base salary. After Dr. David ceased
to service as interim Chief Executive Officer, his target annual bonus is 40 of his base salary. 

63 

On
March 10, 2021, we entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Hurlburt to serve as our Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical
Operations. After the initial three-year term of the employment agreement, the term of the employment agreement will automatically renew
for additional successive one-year periods, unless either party notifies the other in writing at least 90 days before the expiration
of the then-current term that the term will not be renewed. 

On
March 19, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Mounts to serve as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel
and Head of Regulatory, Compliance and Legal, effective May 19, 2019. The term of the employment agreement will automatically renew for
additional successive one-year periods, unless either party notifies the other in writing at least 90 days before the expiration of the
then-current term that the term will not be renewed. 

On April 29, 2021, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr.
Nusbickel, our Chief Commercial Officer. In connection with Mr. Nusbickel s separation from service effective June 1, 2022, we and
Mr. Nusbickel entered into a separation agreement and release dated as of May 10, 2022 (the Nusbickel Separation Agreement ).
Mr. Nusbickel was eligible to receive severance benefits on account of termination without Cause under the employment agreement. Under
the Nusbickel Separation Agreement, Mr. Nusbickel received the severance payments and benefits described in his employment agreement as
follows: (i) lump sum payment of 44 days compensation in lieu of notice; (ii) payment of base salary for a period of nine months following
June 1, 2022; (iii) payment of an annual bonus on a prorated basis, for the 2022 year, based on achievement of specified bonus objectives;
(iv) the monthly payment of a portion of his COBRA premium for a period of nine months following June 1, 2022 or until he became eligible
for group health insurance coverage under another employer s plan, whichever occurs first; and (v) all equity awards and stock options
that are scheduled to vest on or before the next succeeding anniversary of the date of termination shall be accelerated and deemed to
have vested as of the termination date, provided that any performance-based equity awards and stock options will not accelerate, as such
vesting requirements have not been successfully met as of the date of termination. Mr. Nusbickel is bound by confidentiality, non-solicitation
and non-competition covenants under his employment agreement, among other terms. 

Pursuant
to their respective employment agreements, Mr. Todisco receives an annual salary of 600,000 (effective May 2022), Dr. Mounts receives
an annual salary of 375,000, Dr. David receives an annual salary of 375,000 (effective May 2022), and Ms. Hurlburt receives an annual
salary of 365,000 (effective May 2022). Dr. David s salary was increased to 425,000 from October 2021 to May 2022 while he served
as interim Chief Executive Officer. Such salaries cannot be decreased unless all officers and/or members of our executive management
team experience an equal or greater percentage reduction in base salary and/or total compensation, provided that any reduction in an
executive s salary may be no greater than 25 . 

Each executive is eligible for an annual bonus
of up to 30 for Ms. Hurlburt, up to 30 for Dr. Mounts, up to 40 for Dr. David (which was increased up to 60 while he served as interim
Chief Executive Officer) and up to 65 for Mr. Todisco (solely with respect to the 2022 fiscal year, Mr. Todisco will receive an annual
bonus not less than 195,000), of his or her base salary then in effect, as determined by our Board or the Compensation Committee. In
determining such bonus payment, our Board or the Compensation Committee will take into consideration the achievement of specified Company
objectives, predetermined by our Board or the Compensation Committee and Chief Executive Officer, and such other factors as our Board
or the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. Each executive generally must be employed through December 31 of a given year to be eligible
to earn that year s annual bonus. 

The following provisions
of the employment agreements with Mr. Todisco, Drs. David and Mounts and Ms. Hurlburt are identical except where noted. 

If
we terminate the executive s employment for Cause (as defined in the employment agreement), the executive will be entitled to receive
only the accrued compensation due to him or her as of the date of such termination, rights to indemnification and directors and
officers liability insurance, and as otherwise required by law, and certain equity awards will be forfeited. 

64 

If
we terminate the executive s employment other than for Cause, and other than for death, disability or notice of nonrenewal, or
if the executive resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreement), the executive will receive the following benefits:
(i) payment of any accrued compensation and any unpaid bonus relating to the completed prior year, as well as rights to indemnification
and directors and officers liability insurance and any rights or privilege otherwise required by law; (ii) we will continue
to pay the executive s base salary for a period of twelve months in the case of Mr. Todisco following termination of employment
and nine months for the other executives; (iii) payment on a prorated basis for any target bonus for the year of termination based on
the actual achievement of the specified bonus objectives; (iv) if the executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage under
COBRA, then we will pay the premium to continue such coverage for him or her and his or her eligible dependents in an amount equal to
the portion paid for by us during the executive s employment until the conclusion of the time when he or she is receiving continuation
of base salary payments or until he or she becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage under another employer s plan,
whichever occurs first, provided however that we have the right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of the executive
and instead pay him or her a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the number of months remaining in the specified period
if we determine in our discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the
Code; and (v) unvested equity awards that are scheduled to vest on or before the next succeeding anniversary of the date of termination
shall be accelerated and deemed to have vested as of the termination date, and in the case of Mr. Todisco, accelerated vesting of the
restricted stock units granted to him on May 10, 2022; provided that any performance based equity awards or stock options whose vesting
requirements have not been successfully met as of the date of termination of employment or resignation with Good Reason will not accelerate.
In addition, in the event of a termination by the Company without Cause or the executive s resignation of employment for Good Reason,
in either case within 24 months following a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the employment agreement), all equity awards and stock
options shall become fully vested and exercisable, and vested stock options will remain exercisable for a specified period of time following
termination or resignation or, if earlier, the expiration date of the stock option, and, in the case of Mr. Todisco, a payment in the
amount of 150 of the sum of Mr. Todisco s then-current base salary and his target bonus in effect will be paid in equal monthly
installments over 18 months following termination. The separation benefits set forth above are conditioned upon the executive executing
a release of claims against us, our parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each such entities officers, directors, employees,
agents, successors, and assigns in a form acceptable to us, within a time specified therein, which release is not revoked within any
time period allowed for revocation under applicable law. 

If
the executive terminates his or her employment by written notice of termination or if the executive or we terminate his or her employment
by providing a notice of nonrenewal at least 90 days before the employment agreement is set to expire, the executive will not be entitled
to receive any payments or benefits other than any accrued compensation, any unpaid prior year s bonus, rights to indemnification
and directors and officers liability insurance and as otherwise required by law. 

If
the executive s employment is terminated as a result of his or her death or disability, we will pay the executive or the executive s
estate, as applicable, any accrued compensation and any unpaid prior year s bonus. 

Our
employment agreements with Mr. Todisco, Drs. David and Mounts and Ms. Hurlburt each contain a non-compete provision that provides that
during the employment and for a specified period immediately following the executive s separation from employment for any reason,
the executive is prohibited from engaging in any business involving the development or commercialization of a preventive anti-infective
product that would be a direct competitor of DefenCath/Neutrolin or a product containing taurolidine or any other product being actively
developed or produced by us within the United States and the European Union (or in the case of Dr. David, Mr. Todisco and Ms. Hurlburt
worldwide) on the date of termination of his or her employment. 

Tax
and Accounting Considerations 

U.S.
federal income tax generally limits the tax deductibility of compensation we pay to our Named Executive Officers and certain other officers
to 1.0 million each in the year the compensation becomes taxable to the executive officers. Although deductibility of compensation is
considered, tax deductibility is not a primary objective of our compensation programs. Rather, we seek to maintain flexibility in how
we compensate our executive officers so as to meet a broader set of corporate and strategic goals and the needs of stockholders, and
as such, we may be limited in our ability to deduct amounts of compensation from time to time. Accounting rules require us to expense
the cost of our stock option grants. Because of option expensing and the impact of dilution on our stockholders, we pay close attention
to, among other factors, the type of equity awards we grant and the number and value of the shares underlying such awards. 

Pension
Benefits 

We
do not maintain any qualified or nonqualified defined benefit pension plans. As a result, none of our Named Executive Officers participate
in or have benefits under qualified or nonqualified defined benefit pension plans sponsored by us. Our Compensation Committee may elect
to adopt qualified or nonqualified pension benefit plans in the future if it determines that doing so is in our best interests. 

Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation 

None
of our Named Executive Officers participate in nonqualified defined contribution plans or other nonqualified deferred compensation plans
maintained by us. Our Compensation Committee may elect to provide our officers and other employees with nonqualified deferred compensation
benefits in the future if it determines that doing so is in our best interests. 

65 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to compensation earned by our Named Executive Officers in the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards (1) 
 ) 

Option 
Awards (1) ) 

Non-equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensa-tion ) 

All Other 
 Compen-sation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Joseph Todisco (2) 
 
 2022 

378,461 

701,245 

1,273,500 

305,760 
 (3) 

32,223 
 (4) 

2,691,189 

Chief Executive Officer 

Matthew David (5) 
 
 2022 

393,462 

-- 

305,900 

389,485 
 (6) 

47,697 
 (4) 

1,136,544 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

351,923 

75,900 
 (7) 

-- 

951,895 

-- 

43,584 
 (4) 

1,423,302 

Phoebe Mounts 
 
 2022 

375,000 

-- 

428,260 

195,075 
 (8) 

12,146 
 (4) 

1,010,481 

Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Head of Regulatory, Compliance and Legal 
 
 2021 

375,000 

61,875 
 (7) 

-- 

1,164,810 

-- 

11,412 
 (4) 

1,613,097 

Elizabeth Hurlburt 
 
 2022 

346,346 

-- 

305,900 

175,623 
 (9) 

16,942 
 (4) 

844,811 

Executive Vice President and Head of Clinical Operations 
 
 2021 

310,800 

37,800 
 (7) 

-- 

742,910 

-- 

44,818 
 (4) 

1,136,328 

Thomas Nusbickel (10) 
 
 2022 

191,827 

-- 

305,900 
 (9) 

31,384 
 (11) 

416,766 
 (12) 

945,877 

Former Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
 
 2021 

233,654 

75,000 
 (7) 

-- 

1,540,265 

-- 

27,663 
 (4) 

1,876,582 

(1) 
 The amounts included in this column are the dollar amounts representing the full grant date fair value of each award calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and do not represent the actual value that may be recognized by the Named Executive Officers upon option exercise. 

(2) 
 Mr. Todisco became our Chief Executive Officer on May 10, 2022. 

(3) 
 Represents annual bonus for the 2022 year that was accrued in fiscal year 2022 paid in 2023. 

(4) 
 Represents premiums paid by us for health benefits and 401(k) plan employer match. 

(5) 
 Dr. David served as the interim Chief Executive Officer effective October 4, 2021 through May 10, 2022. 

(6) 
 Represents (i) an incentive cash award of 242,250, which was earned as a result of our performance during the period October 2021 through March 2022 and paid in 2022, under a special performance bonus opportunity, and (ii) 147,235 annual bonus for the 2022 year that was accrued in fiscal year 2022 and paid in 2023. Solely with respect to (i) herein, 89,250 of the payment was accrued on an estimated basis during the year ended December 31, 2021 and the balance of 153,000 was booked during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(7) 
 Represents discretionary annual bonuses accrued in fiscal year 2021 paid in 2022. 

(8) 
 Represents i) an incentive cash award of 106,875, which was earned as a result of our performance during the period October 2021 through March 2022 and paid in 2022, under a special performance bonus opportunity, and (ii) 88,200 annual bonus for the 2022 year that was accrued in fiscal year 2022 and paid in 2023. Solely with respect to (i) herein, 39,375 of the payment was accrued on an estimated basis during the year ended December 31, 2021 and the balance of 67,500 was booked during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(9) 
 Represents (i) an incentive
 cash award of 89,775, which was earned as a result of our performance during the period October 2021 through March 2022 and paid in
 2022, under a special performance bonus opportunity, and (ii) 85,848 annual bonus for the 2022 year that was accrued in fiscal
 year 2022 and paid in 2023. Solely with respect to (i) herein, 33,075 of the payment was accrued on an estimated basis during the
 year ended December 31, 2021 and the balance of 56,700 was booked during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(10) 
 On May 10, 2022, we and Thomas Nusbickel came to a mutual agreement pursuant to which Mr. Nusbickel separated from service as our Chief Commercial Officer, effective June 1, 2022. Stock options granted in 2022 include 50,000 options that were forfeited when his employment was terminated, with a grant date fair value of 152,950. 

(11) 
 Represents an annual bonus for the 2022 year paid in 2023. 

(12) 
 Represents premiums paid by us for health benefits, 401(k) plan employer match, sign-on bonus in cash amounted to 50,000 and severance pay for Mr. Nusbickel of 320,673 of which 251,215 was paid in 2022 and the remaining balance of 69,458 is payable in 2023. 

66 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2022 

The
following table contains certain information concerning unexercised options for the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (1) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options # (2) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: FMV or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) (3) 
 
 Joseph Todisco 
 -- 
 500,000 
 -- 
 3.38 
 05/09/2032 
 207,469 (4) 
 875,519 
 
 Matthew David 
 63,667 
 41,500 
 19,833 
 5.63 
 05/11/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

63,667 
 41,500 
 19,833 
 4.08 
 05/11/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

20,000 
 20,000 
 -- 
 8.32 
 01/10/2031 
 -- 
 -- 

62,500 
 62,500 
 -- 
 5.56 
 10/31/2031 
 -- 
 -- 

25,000 
 75,000 
 -- 
 4.03 
 02/17/2032 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Phoebe Mounts 
 49,500 
 10,500 
 10,000 
 7.92 
 05/01/2029 
 -- 
 -- 

18,573 
 6,191 
 -- 
 5.63 
 02/25/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

37,500 
 12,500 
 -- 
 4.08 
 05/11/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

37,500 
 12,500 
 -- 
 5.63 
 05/11/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

35,000 
 35,000 
 -- 
 8.32 
 01/10/2031 
 -- 
 -- 

50,000 
 50,000 
 -- 
 5.56 
 10/31/2031 
 -- 
 -- 

35,000 
 105,000 
 -- 
 4.03 
 02/17/2032 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Elizabeth Hurlburt 
 54,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 1.45 
 3/19/2028 
 -- 
 -- 

20,880 
 -- 
 -- 
 8.30 
 01/10/2029 
 -- 
 -- 

18,573 
 6,191 
 -- 
 5.63 
 02/25/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

28,125 
 9,375 
 -- 
 4.08 
 05/11/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

28,125 
 9,375 
 -- 
 5.63 
 05/11/2030 
 -- 
 -- 

35,000 
 35,000 
 -- 
 8.32 
 01/10/2031 
 -- 
 -- 

25,000 
 75,000 
 -- 
 4.03 
 02/17/2032 
 -- 
 -- 

(1) Vesting
based on continued employment over four years. 

(2) Options
vest based on achievement of specific milestones and continued employment and become exercisable if and when a milestone is achieved. 

(3) Fair
market value of the shares that could be acquired based on the closing sale price per share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Market on December 31, 2022, which was 4.22. 

(4) Each
restricted stock unit represents the right to receive one share of our common stock. The restricted stock units vest 50 
on the first anniversary of the grant date, 30 on the second anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining 20 on the third anniversary
of the grant date, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. 

67 

Option
Repricings 

We
did not engage in any repricings or other modifications to any of our Named Executive Officers outstanding options during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Potential
Payments on a Qualifying Termination 

If
the severance payments called for in our employment agreements for Mr. Todisco, Dr. David, Dr. Mounts and Ms. Hurlburt had been triggered
on December 31, 2022, we would have been obligated to make the following payments: 

Name 
 Cash Severance 
Payment per month) and 
 (# of months paid) 
 Severance 
Benefits 
 per month) 
and (# of months 
 paid) (1) 
 Number of Options 
 (# that would vest) 
and market value) (2) 
 Number of 
Restricted Stock 
 Units 
(# that would vest) 
 and 
 market value) (3) 
 
 Joseph Todisco 
 50,000 (4) 
 12 mos. 
 3,402 
 12 mos. 
 500,000 
 420,000 
 207,469 
 875,519 
 
 Matthew David 
 31,250 (5) 
 9 mos. 
 3,383 
 9 mos. 
 116,500 
 20,060 
 0 
 0 
 
 Phoebe Mounts 
 31,250 (5) 
 9 mos. 
 0 
 9 mos. 
 117,500 
 21,700 
 0 
 0 
 
 Elizabeth Hurlburt 
 30,417 (5) 
 9 mos. 
 0 
 9 mos. 
 84,375 
 15,563 
 0 
 0 

(1) Consists
of COBRA payments. 

(2) The
market value equals the difference between the fair market value of the shares that could be acquired based on the closing sale price
per share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on December 31, 2022, which was 4.22, and the exercise prices of the applicable
stock options. 

(3) The
fair market value of the shares that could be acquired was based on the closing sale price per share of our common stock on the Nasdaq
Global Market on December 31, 2022, which was 4.22. 

(4) Represents
severance based on monthly base salary, payable for 12 months. Any bonus for the year of termination based on performance would also
be paid. 

(5) Represents
severance based on monthly base salary, payable for 9 months. Any bonus for the year of termination based on performance would also be
paid. 

The
severance payment called for in the employment agreement with Thomas Nusbickel was triggered on June 1, 2022. We were obligated to make
the following payment pursuant to the Separation Agreement with Mr. Nusbickel, dated May 10,2022: 

Name 
 Cash Severance 
 Payment 

 per month) and 

 (# of months paid) 

Severance Benefits 

 per month) and 

 (# of months paid) (1) 

Number of Options 

 (# that would vest) and 

 market value) (2) 

Thomas Nusbickel (3) 
 31,250 (4) 
 9 mos. 
 2,882 
 9 mos. 
 0 
 0 

(1) Consists
of COBRA payments. 

(2) The
market value equals the difference between the fair market value of the shares that could be acquired based on the closing sale price
per share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on December 31, 2022, which was 4.22, and the exercise prices of the applicable
stock options. 

(3) Pursuant to Mr. Nusbickel s Separation Agreement, we paid Mr.
Nusbickel an additional lump sum payment of 39,423 which represented base salary for 44 days as pay in lieu of notice, and a prorated
bonus for the year of termination of 31,384. 

(4) Represents
severance pay based on monthly base salary. 

68 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Beneficial
Ownership 

The
following table shows the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned as of March 15, 2023 by: 

each
person known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each
director; 

each
of our Named Executive Officers; and 

all
of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 

This table is based upon the information supplied
by our Named Executive Officers, directors and principal stockholders and from Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the SEC. Except as indicated
in footnotes to this table, the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
stock shown, and their address is c/o CorMedix Inc., 300 Connell Drive, Suite 4200, Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922. At March 15, 2023
we had 44,499,788 shares of common stock outstanding. Beneficial ownership in each case also includes shares issuable upon vesting of
restricted stock units within 60 days from March 15, 2023 and exercise of outstanding options that can be exercised within 60 days after
March 15, 2023 for purposes of computing the percentage of common stock owned by the person named. Options owned by a person are not included
for purposes of computing the percentage owned by any other person. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 

Shares 

5 or Greater Stockholders 

Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. (2) 
 2,952,334 
 7.2 

Directors: 

Paulo F. Costa (3) 
 70,417 

Janet Dillione (4) 
 185,140 

Gregory Duncan (5) 
 69,167 

Alan W. Dunton (6) 
 105,417 

Myron Kaplan (7) 
 287,701 

Steven Lefkowitz (8) 
 202,317 

Named Executive Officers: 

Joseph Todisco (9) 
 363,434 

Matthew David (10) 
 345,734 

Phoebe Mounts (11) 
 395,714 

Elizabeth Hurlburt (12) 
 308,394 

Thomas Nusbickel (13) 
 137,500 

All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) (14) 
 2,467,001 
 5.3 

Less than 1 

(1) Based
upon 44,499,788 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 15, 2023 and, with respect to each individual holder, rights to acquire
our common stock exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

69 

(2) 
 Based solely on information contained in Amendment No. 1 to the Statement on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. NGFP ). NGFP is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc., which accordingly may be deemed to beneficially own the shares beneficially owned by NGFP. NGFP has the shared voting power with respect to 2,952,334 shares of our common stock and the shared dispositive power with respect to 2,952,334 shares of our common stock. The business address of NGFP is Worldwide Plaza, 309 West 49 th Street, New York, NY 10019. The business address of Nomura Holdings, Inc. is 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8645, Japan. 

(3) 
 Consists of 70,417 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(4) 
 Consists of (i) 53,473 shares of our common stock, and (ii) 131,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. Ms. Dillione also holds 48,909 shares of common stock deferred under Director s Compensation Plan, which is excluded for purposes of calculating the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned as of March 15, 2023. 

(5) 
 Consists of 69,167 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(6) 
 Consists of (i) 6,250 shares of our common stock, and (ii) 99,167 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(7) 
 Consists of (i) 145,034 shares of our common stock held directly, (ii) 30,000 shares of our common stock held by Mr. Kaplan s wife, 20,000 of which are held by her individually and 10,000 of which are held as a custodian for two of Mr. Kaplan s grandchildren, and (iii) 112,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(8) 
 Consists of (i) 60,498 shares of our common stock held directly, (ii) 2,000 shares of our common stock held by Mr. Lefkowitz s wife, (iv) 30,152 shares of our common stock held by Wade Capital Corporation Money Purchase Plan, an entity for which Mr. Lefkowitz has voting and investment control, and (v) 109,667 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(9) 
 Consists of (i) 34,700 shares of our common stock, (ii) 103,734 shares of our common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units, and (iii) 225,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(10) 
 Consists of (i) 3,150 shares of our common stock, (ii) 342,584 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(11) 
 Consists of (i) 7,200 shares of our common stock, and (ii) 388,514 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(12) 
 Consists of 308,394 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(13) 
 Consists of 137,500 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. On May 10, 2022, we came to a mutual agreement to part ways with Mr. Nusbickel, our former Chief Commercial Officer, effective June 1, 2022. 

(14) 
 Consists of the following held by our directors and executive officers (A) 376,357 shares of our common stock, (B) 103,734 shares of our common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units, and (C) 1,986,910 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

70 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options,
warrants and rights under all of our existing equity compensation plans (including individual arrangements): 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of outstanding 
 options, warrants and 
 rights (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
(b) 
 Number of 
securities remaining 
available for future 
issuance under equity 
compensation plans 
(excluding securities 
 reflected in column 
(a)(c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 4,661,838 (2) 
 6.21 (3) 
 4,995,109 

(1) Our
2013 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our stockholders on July 30, 2013. Our 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our
stockholders on November 26, 2019. Our Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our stockholders on October
13, 2022. 

(2) Consist
of 4,454,369 underlying stock options and 207,469 underlying restricted stock units. 

(3) Applicable
 to shares underlying outstanding stock options only. 

Stock
Performance Graph 

The
following performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed or incorporated by reference
in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act except as shall be expressly set forth
by specific reference in such filing. The performance graph compares the performance of our common stock to the NASDAQ Composite and
the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. The graph covers the most recent five-year period ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that
the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was 100.00 at December 31, 2017, and that all dividends are reinvested. 

Cumulative Total Return 

12/2017 
 12/2018 
 12/2019 
 12/2020 
 12/2021 
 12/2022 
 
 CorMedix Inc. 
 100.00 
 256.97 
 290.04 
 296.02 
 181.27 
 168.13 
 
 NASDAQ Composite 
 100.00 
 97.16 
 132.81 
 192.47 
 235.15 
 158.65 
 
 NASDAQ Biotechnology 
 100.00 
 91.14 
 114.02 
 144.15 
 144.18 
 129.59 

71 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

No
related party transactions occurred during the Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. In February 2021, Manchester Securities Corp., Elliott
Associates LP and Elliott International LP (collectively, Elliott ), an existing institutional investor who collectively
beneficially own the largest portion of the Company s common stock, converted an aggregate of 10,001 Series G preferred shares
into an aggregate of 556,069 shares of our common stock. 

Procedures
for Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons 

Pursuant
to the Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving all related party transactions as defined
under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, after reviewing each such transaction for potential conflicts of interests and other improprieties.
Our policies and procedures for review and approval of transactions with related persons are in writing in our Code of Conduct and Ethics
available on our website at www.cormedix.com under the Investor Relations Corporate Governance tab. 

The information on Board independence is found
in Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Board Independence. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Fees
Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
following table sets forth fees billed to us by Friedman LLP and Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firms for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for services relating to: auditing our annual financial statements; reviewing our financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; reviewing registration statements during 2022 and 2021; financing activities in 2022
and 2021; and services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (Friedman LLP) 

42,400 

155,000 

Audit Fees (Marcum LLP) 

127,000 

- 

Audit Related Fees (Friedman LLP) 

- 

16,000 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

169,400 

171,000 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee is
responsible for reviewing and approving in advance any audit and any permissible non-audit engagement or relationship between us and our
independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more designated members of the Audit Committee
the authority to grant pre-approvals, provided such approvals are presented to the Audit Committee at a subsequent meeting. If the Audit
Committee elects to establish pre-approval policies and procedures regarding non-audit services, the Audit Committee must be informed
of each non-audit service provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. Audit Committee pre-approval of audit and non-audit
services will not be required if the engagement for the services is entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures, provided
the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service provided and such
policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities under the Exchange Act to our management.
Audit Committee pre-approval of non-audit services (other than review and attestation services) also will not be required if such services
fall within available exceptions established by the SEC. All services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm during
2022 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

72 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
List of documents filed as part of this report: 

1. Financial
Statements: 

The
financial statements of the Company and the related reports of the Company s independent registered public accounting firms thereon
have been filed under Item 8 hereof. 

2. Financial
Statement Schedules: 

None. 

3.
Exhibit Index 

The
following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 

Registrant s 
 Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filed Herewith 

1.1 
 
 At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated March 9, 2018, between CorMedix Inc. and B. Riley FBR, Inc. 
 
 S-3 
 
 3/09/2018 
 
 1.1 

1.2 
 
 Amended and Restated At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated November 27, 2020, by and among CorMedix Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Needham Company LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/27/2020 
 
 1.1 

1.3 
 
 At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and among CorMedix Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and JMP Securities LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/12/2021 
 
 1.1 

3.1 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/01/2010 
 
 3.3 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 24, 2010 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/19/2010 
 
 3.5 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws as amended October 8, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/14/2020 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated December 3, 2012 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/27/2013 
 
 3.3 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated August 9, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/10/2017 
 
 3.1 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 25, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/25/2019 
 
 3.1 

3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series C-3 Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of CorMedix Inc., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 15, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/16/2014 

3.16 

3.8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of CorMedix Inc., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 5, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/11/2019 
 
 3.2 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock of CorMedix Inc., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 5, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/11/2019 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/19/2010 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant issued on January 8, 2014. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/09/2014 
 
 4.23 

4.3 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of CorMedix Inc. issued on May 3, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/03/2017 
 
 4.2 

4.4 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of CorMedix Inc., issued May 3, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/03/2017 
 
 4.3 

4.5 
 
 Description of Capital Stock of CorMedix Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/16/2020 
 
 4.5 

10.1 
 
 License and Assignment Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2008, between the Company and ND Partners LLC 

X 

73 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 

Registrant s 
 Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.2 
 
 Escrow Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2008, among the Company, ND Partners LLC and the Secretary of the Company, as Escrow Agent 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/25/2009 
 
 10.6 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 3/01/2010 
 
 10.17 

10.4+ 
 
 2013 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/27/2013 
 
 10.27 

10. 5 + 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated and effective May 11, 2020, between CorMedix Inc. and Matthew David 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/30/2021 
 
 10.10 

10.6+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated and effective October 26, 2021, between CorMedix Inc. and Matthew David, M.D. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/29/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2017, between CorMedix Inc. and the investors signatory thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/13/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.8 
 
 Backstop Agreement, dated November 9, 2017, between CorMedix Inc. and the investor named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/13/2017 
 
 10.2 

10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2017, by and between CorMedix Inc. and the investor named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/13/2017 
 
 10.3 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 11, 2017, to Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2017, by and between CorMedix Inc. and the investor named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/11/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.11 + 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated and effective March 10, 2021, between CorMedix Inc. and Elizabeth Hurlburt 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/12/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, between CorMedix Inc. and the investor named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/03/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.13 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2019, between CorMedix Inc. and Phoebe Mounts 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/13/19 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Securities Exchange Agreement, dated August 14, 2019, by and among CorMedix Inc. and the Existing Security holders listed on the Schedule of Holders thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/15/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019, by and among CorMedix Inc. and Manchester Securities Corp., and Elliot International, L.P. and Elliot Associates, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/11/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.16+ 
 
 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/27/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.17+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 10/26/2022 
 
 99.1 

10.18 + 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated April 29, 2021, between CorMedix Inc. and Thomas Nusbickel 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/21/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.19+ 
 
 2021 Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/23/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.20+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, between CorMedix Inc. and Joseph Todisco. 
 
 8-K 
 
 03/21/2022 
 
 10.1 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/27/2013 
 
 21.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

74 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 

Registrant s 
 Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filed Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101 
 
 The following materials from CorMedix Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and (v) Notes to the Financial Statements. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Portions
 of the exhibit have been omitted in reliance on Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 + 
 Indicates
 management contract or compensation plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

75 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

CORMEDIX
 INC. 

March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Todisco 

Joseph
 Todisco 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew David 

Matthew
 David 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Joseph Todisco 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Todisco 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Matthew David 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Matthew
 David 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Myron Kaplan 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Myron
 Kaplan 

/s/
 Paulo Costa 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Paulo
 Costa 

/s/
 Janet Dillione 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Janet
 Dillione 

/s/
 Gregory Duncan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Gregory
 Duncan 

/s/
 Alan Dunton 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2022 
 
 Alan
 Dunton 

/s/
 Steven Lefkowitz 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Lefkowitz 

76 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial Statements
Index 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms , (PCAOB ID 688), Friedman LLP, (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and 

Board of Directors of CorMedix Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CorMedix
Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum
LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2014 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

Marlton, New Jersey 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and 

Board of Directors of CorMedix Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CorMedix
Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman
LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2014 through 2022. 

March 29, 2022 

F- 3 

CorMedix
Inc. And Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Short-term investments 

Trade receivables, net 
 -

Inventories 
 -

Prepaid research and development expenses 

Other prepaid expenses and current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Restricted cash, long term 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities, short-term 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 8) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock - par value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock - par value: shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive gain 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CorMedix
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss From Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest income 

Foreign exchange transaction income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Total other (expense) income 

Net Loss Before Income Taxes 

Tax benefit 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Unrealized gain (loss) from investments 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Total other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive Loss 

Net Loss Per Common Share Basic and Diluted

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted

The accompanying notes are integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series C-2, C-3, 
 Series D, Series E, 
 Series F and Series G 
 Accumulated 
Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Gain (Loss) 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock issued in connection with ATM sale of common stock, net 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock issued in connection with warrants exercised, cash 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock issued in connection with warrants exercised, cashless 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock issued in connection with options exercised 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Conversion of Series G preferred shares to common stock 

-

-
 
 -

Conversion of Series C-3 preferred shares to common stock 

-

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock issued in connection with ATM sale of common stock, net 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock issued in connection with warrants exercised, cash 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in right-of-use assets 

Depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (Increase) in trade receivables 

Decrease in inventory 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(Decrease) Increase in accounts payable 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Decrease in operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of short-term investments 

Maturity of short-term investments 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock from at-the-market program, net 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Foreign exchange effects on cash 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH END OF YEAR 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing and Investing Activities: 

Conversion of Series G preferred stock to common stock 
 -

Conversion of Series C-3 preferred stock to common stock 
 -

Unrealized gain (loss) from investments 

Deposit on equipment reclassified from prepaid expenses and current assets to property and equipment, net 
 -

The accompanying notes are integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

million available under its At-the-Market Issuance Sales
Agreement (the ATM program and has million available under its current shelf registration for the issuance of equity,
debt or equity-linked securities (see Note 9). 

Restricted cash, short-term and long-term 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

F- 9 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

-

U.S. Government Agency Securities 

Corporate Securities 

Commercial Paper 

-

Subtotal 

Total December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021: 

Money Market Funds and Cash Equivalents 

-

U.S. Government Agency Securities 

-

Corporate Securities 

Commercial Paper 
 
 -

Subtotal 

Total December 31, 2021 

F- 10 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

-
 
 -

U.S. Government Agency Securities 

-
 
 -

Corporate Securities 
 
 -

-

Commercial Paper 
 
 -

-

Subtotal 

-

Total December 31, 2022 

-

December 31, 2021: 

Money Market Funds and Cash Equivalents 

-
 
 -

U.S. Government Agency Securities 

-
 
 -

Corporate Securities 
 
 -

-

Commercial Paper 
 
 -

-

Subtotal 

-

Total December 31, 2021 

-

and 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

was released by the
court for the reimbursement of legal fees and other costs which was removed from restricted cash. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, restricted
cash in connection with the patent and utility model infringement proceedings were and , respectively. 

in long-term restricted cash for a lease security deposit. 

F- 11 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

and , respectively, net of accumulated depreciation of 
and , respectively. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment is included in selling, general and administrative
expenses. 

years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Computer equipment 
 years 
 
 Computer software 
 years 

F- 12 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

Series E voting preferred stock 

Series G voting preferred stock 

Shares issuable for payment of deferred board compensation 

Shares underlying outstanding warrants 
 -

Shares underlying outstanding stock options 

Restricted stock units 
 
 -

Total potentially dilutive shares 

F- 13 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

Revenues attributable to European and Mideast operations, which are based in Germany 

Total assets 

Total assets located in the United States, with the remainder in the European Union 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Manufacturing development related 

Other 

Total 

Series G preferred shares into
an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. 

F- 14 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

Foreign 

Total 

Net operating loss carryforwards State 

Net operating loss carryforwards Foreign 

Capitalized licensing fees 

Stock-based compensation 

Accrued compensation 

Section 174 capitalization 
 
 -

Other 

Totals 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

State 

Foreign 

of taxable income for losses arising in tax years beginning
after December 31, 2017. However, the net operating losses now have an indefinite carryforward as opposed to the former 20-year
carryforward. The foreign net operating loss tax carryforwards do not expire. Our federal and state operating loss carryforwards
include windfall tax deductions from stock option exercises. 

F- 15 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

State income tax rate (net of federal) 

Change in foreign NOL 

NJ NOL adjustment 

Other permanent differences 

Effect of valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

December 31, 2021 

and , respectively, from the sale of most of its remaining unused New Jersey net
operating losses NOL eligible for sale under the State of New Jersey s Economic Development Authority s New
Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer program NJEDA Program ). The NJEDA Program allowed the Company to sell
 of its total in available NOL tax benefits for the state fiscal year 2021 and of its total for
the state fiscal year 2020. 

F- 16 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

F- 17 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

F- 18 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

for the costs in connection with the utility model infringement were paid to TauroPharm . 

plus interest to TauroPharm. 

, which the Company recorded as restricted cash on the consolidated
balance sheets. On February 8, 2023, the Regional Court of Cologne informed the Company that the security deposit in two proceedings
(81 HL 448/15 and 81 HL 903/19), in the amount of EUR and EUR, (approximately in aggregate of ),
will be refunded to CorMedix and that it instructed their accounting department to wire transfer the two security deposits. The remaining
aggregate deposit of about remains in security deposit. 

F- 19 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

and granted NDP a equity interest in the Company, consisting of shares of the Company s common
stock. 

shares. In 2014, a certain milestone was achieved resulting in the release
of shares held in escrow. The number of shares held in escrow as of December 31, 2022 is shares of common stock. The maximum
aggregate amount of cash payments due upon achievement of milestones is with the balance being as of December 31,
2022 and 2021. Events that trigger milestone payments include but are not limited to the reaching of various stages of regulatory approval
and upon achieving certain worldwide net sales amounts. There were no milestones achieved during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

of its common stock through the sales agents under its ATM program, subject
to limitations imposed by the Company and subject to the sales agents acceptance, such as the number or dollar amount of shares
registered under the 2020 Shelf Registration to which the offering relates. The sales agents are entitled to a commission of up to 
of the gross proceeds from the sale of common stock sold under the ATM program. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has available
under its ATM program relating to its 2020 Shelf Registration filed in November 2020. 

F- 20 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

of shares of its common
stock which is currently available for the issuance of equity, debt or equity-linked securities. 

and shares of its common stock under the ATM program, respectively, and realized
net proceeds of and , respectively. 

and shares of its common stock, respectively, upon cash exercise of warrants, resulting
in net proceeds to the Company of and , respectively. 

shares of its common stock upon conversion of Series C-3 preferred shares by an unrelated party
and Series G preferred shares by a related party. 

shares of its common stock upon cashless exercise of warrants. 

shares of its common stock upon exercise of stock options, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . 

restricted
stock units RSUs to its chief executive officer under its Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan with
a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. The fair market value of the RSUs was estimated to be the closing price of
the Company s common stock on the date of grant. These RSUs vest as to on the first anniversary of the grant date, as to 
on the second anniversary of the grant date, and as to on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued service as
an employee or consultant through the applicable vesting date. 

. Unrecognized compensation expense for these RSUs amounted to . The expected weighted
average period for the expense to be recognized is years. 

F- 21 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

shares of preferred stock in one or more series without stockholder approval. The Company s board of directors has the discretion
to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption
privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. Of the shares of preferred stock authorized, the
Company s board of directors has designated (all with par value of per share) the following: 

Series E 

Series G 

Total 

at any time at the option of
the holder, except that a holder will be prohibited from converting shares of Series C-3 preferred stock into shares of common stock if,
as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than of the total number
of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. 

per share of
Series C-3 preferred stock before any proceeds are distributed to the holders of our common stock. After the payment of this preferential
amount, and subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of our capital stock hereafter created specifically ranking by its
terms senior to the Series C-3 preferred stock and holders of Series C-3 preferred stock will participate ratably in the distribution
of any remaining assets with the common stock and any other class or series of our capital stock hereafter created that participates with
the common stock in such distributions. 

F- 22 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

per share of Series
E preferred stock on parity with the payment of the liquidation preference due the Series G preferred stock, but before any proceeds are
distributed to the holders of common stock, and the Series C-3 non-voting convertible preferred stock. After the payment of this preferential
amount, holders of Series E preferred stock will participate ratably in the distribution of any remaining assets with the common stock
and any other class or series of our capital stock that participates with the common stock in such distributions. 

F- 23 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

. 

million aggregate principal
amount of indebtedness with a maturity less than twelve months outstanding at any time, which amount may include up to million of letters
of credit outstanding at any time. 

F- 24 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

per share of
Series G preferred stock on parity with the payment of the liquidation preference due the Series E preferred stock, but before any proceeds
are distributed to the holders of Series C-3 preferred stock (pending the consent of the holders of such series to the subordination thereof)
and any proceeds are distributed to the holders of common stock. After the payment of this preferential amount, holders of Series G preferred
stock will participate ratably in the distribution of any remaining assets with the common stock and any other class or series of our
capital stock that participates with the common stock in such distributions. 

. 

million aggregate principal
amount of indebtedness with a maturity less than twelve months outstanding at any time, which amount may include up to million of letters
of credit outstanding at any time. 

F- 25 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

shares of its common stock, plus any shares that remain available for grant under its existing plan
as of the effective date, as long-term equity incentives to the Company s employees, consultants, and directors. The long-term incentives
may be in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent rights,
or other rights or benefits (collectively, stock rights to employees, consultants, and directors of the Company or a related
entity (collectively, participants ). The Company believes that the effective use of long- term equity incentives is essential
to attract, motivate, and retain employees, consultants and directors, to further align participants interests with those of the
Company s stockholders, and to provide participants incentive compensation opportunities that are competitive with those offered
by other companies in the same industry and locations as the Company. 

and shares of the Company s common stock under the 2019 Plan, respectively. The weighted average
exercise price of these options is and per share, respectively. 

and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, there was total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options granted which
expense is expected to be recognized over an expected remaining weighted average period of years. All share-based awards are recognized
on a straight-line method, assuming all awards granted will vest. Forfeitures of share-based awards are recognized in the period in which
they occur. 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 years 
 - years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the period 

F- 26 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

reflects the Company s current and expected future policy for dividends on the Company s
common stock. To determine the risk-free interest rate, the Company utilized the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant
with a term consistent with the expected term of the Company s awards which is years for employees and years for non-employees. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

-

Expired/Canceled 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested at December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest in the future 

and shares of its common stock, respectively, upon cash exercise of warrants, resulting
in net proceeds to the Company of and , respectively. 

shares of its common stock upon cashless exercise of warrants. 

Exercised 

-

Expired 

-

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 27 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

of the Company s accounts receivable and at December 31, 2021, one customer had exceeded
10 of the Company s accounts receivable ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had revenue from two customers
that exceeded of its total sales and and the Company had revenue from three customers that exceeded of its total sales , and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The lease agreement, with
a monthly average cost of approximately commenced on September 16, 2020. 

Euros. The Company elected to apply the short-term practical expedient to the office lease. The Company also has an
operating lease for office equipment. 

and , respectively, which includes costs associated with leases for which ROU assets have been recognized as well as short-term
leases. 

and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, approximately and were
classified as operating lease liabilities, short-term and operating lease liabilities, net of current portion, respectively, on the consolidated
balance sheet. Operating ROU assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are and , respectively. 

and
 , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 
 ) 
 
 Total 

F- 28 

CORMEDIX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
(Continued) 

F-29 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-1_cormedixinc.htm
 LICENSE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 30, 2008, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ND PARTNERS LLC

Exhibit 10.1 

Information in this exhibit marked [ ] has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item
 601(b)(10). Such excluded information is not material and is treated as private or confidential. 

LICENSE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 

between 

ND PARTNERS LLC 

and 

CORMEDIX, INC. 

LICENSE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 

This License and Assignment
Agreement (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement ), effective this 30th day of January 2008 (the Effective Date ),
is entered into by and between ND Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having a place of business at One Joy Street, Boston,
MA 02108 Licensor ), and CorMedix, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a place of business at 86 Summit Avenue, Suite 301,
Summit, NJ 07901 (the Company ). 

WHEREAS, the Company
is interested in obtaining an exclusive license in any and all rights Licensor has in or to the Patent Rights and Know-how in the Field
of Use (as defined below) to develop, have developed, make, have made, use, have used, lease, import and export, offer to sell, sell,
have sold, produce, manufacture, distribute and market products derived from such technologies in the Field of Use; 

WHEREAS, Licensor wishes
to grant to the Company an exclusive license in any and all rights Licensor has under the Patent Rights and Know-how, in the Field of
Use to make, have made, use, have used, lease, import and export, offer to sell, sell, have sold, produce, manufacture, distribute and
market products derived from such technologies in the Field of Use; 

WHEREAS, Licensor entered
into certain license and consulting agreements relating to the Technology; and 

WHEREAS, Licensor desires
to assign such agreements to the Company, and the Company desires to receive such assignments as more fully set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing recitals, the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally
bound, agree as follows: 

Article 1 Definitions 

For the purposes of this Agreement, the following words and phrases
shall have the following meanings: 

1.1 Affiliate 

means, with respect to any Person, any other Person
which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. A Person shall be regarded as in
control of another Person if it owns, or directly or indirectly controls, at least fifty percent (50 of the voting stock or other ownership
interest of the other Person, or if it directly or indirectly possesses the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of the other Person by any means whatsoever. 

1.2 Applicable Law(s) 

means, with respect to the United States, the
FDCA (as defined below), all regulations promulgated thereunder, and all other applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines within
the Territory that apply to the import, export, research and development, manufacture, marketing, distribution, or sale of Licensed Products
in the Field of Use in the Territory or the performance of either party s obligations under this Agreement (including disclosure
obligations as required by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or other comparable exchange or securities commissions
having authority over a party) to the extent applicable and relevant to such party. 

2 

1.3 CE Marking 

means the marking on a Licensed Product signifying
that the Licensed Product complies with the essential requirements of all applicable European Union directives. 

1.4 Commercially Reasonable Efforts 

means, with respect to Development and commercialization,
the carrying out of obligations or tasks using efforts and resources, including reasonably necessary personnel, equivalent to the efforts
that a similarly situated biotechnology or pharmaceutical company (as the case may be) would typically devote to a product of similar
market potential, profit potential and strategic value and at a comparable stage in development or product life resulting from its own
research efforts with a view toward optimizing the economic potential of the Licensed Product, based on conditions then prevailing and
taking into account issues of safety and efficacy, product profile, difficulty in developing the Licensed Product, market size and conditions,
competition, the patent or other proprietary position of the Licensed Product, the regulatory structure involved and the potential profitability
of the Licensed Product marketed or to be marketed. 

1.5 Company House Marks 

means any trademarks, trade names, domain names,
or other names or marks used or registered by the Company or its Affiliates to identify itself at any time during the Term. 

1.6 Competent Authority(ies) 

means collectively the entities in each country
in the Territory responsible for (a) the regulation of medicinal products or medical devices, as applicable, intended for human use or
the establishment, maintenance and/or protection of rights related to the Patent Rights, including but not limited to the FDA, the European
Agency for Evaluation of Medicinal Products EMEA ), and the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare in Japan, and any other
applicable administrative agency in any country in the Territory having the aforementioned responsibilities, and any successor entities
thereto, (b) the establishment, maintenance and/or protection of rights related to the Patent Rights, including the United States Patent
and Trademark Office USPTO ), and (c) any other applicable regulatory or administrative agency in any country in the Territory
that is comparable to, or a counterpart of, the foregoing. 

1.7 Control 

means, with respect to any material, information,
or intellectual property right, that a party owns or has a license to such material, information, or intellectual property right and has
the ability to grant to the other party access, a license, or a sublicense (as applicable) to such material, information, or intellectual
property right on the terms and conditions set forth herein without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with any
Third Party existing at the applicable time. 

3 

1.8 Development 

means the Company s, its Affiliates 
or its Sublicensees use of Commercially Reasonable Efforts to secure Marketing Authorizations for Licensed Products in the Territory. 

1.9 DMF 

 means a drug master file, as provided for in 21
C.F.R. 314.420 in the United States, device master file, as defined in 21 C.F.R. 814.3 in the United States (each
as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time), or similar submission to or file maintained with the FDA or other Competent
Authority that may be used to provide confidential detailed information about facilities, processes, or articles used in the manufacturing,
processing, packaging, and storing of one or more human drugs or medical devices. 

1.10 FDCA 

means the United States Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations promulgated with respect thereto. 

1.11 FDA 

means the United States Food and Drug Administration
and any successor entity thereto. 

1.12 Field of Use 

means the prevention, treatment, diagnosis, detection,
monitoring, or predisposition testing of any disease, state or condition in humans or animals. 

1.13 Governmental Approval(s) 

means any and all permits, licenses, approvals,
and authorizations required by any Competent Authority as a prerequisite to the development, clinical testing, manufacturing, packaging,
marketing, use, import, export or selling of a Licensed Product in the Field of Use in the Territory. 

1.14 IDE(s) 

means an investigational device exemption application
as defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 812 in the United States (as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time), or equivalent
application to any Competent Authority of any other country in the Territory, to commence clinical testing of a medical device, including
but not limited to any amendments, supplements, or supporting correspondence with respect thereto. 

1.15 IND(s) 

means an investigational new drug application
as defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 312 et seq in the United States (as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time), or
equivalent application to any Competent Authority of any other country in the Territory, to commence clinical testing of a drug, including
but not limited to any amendments, supplements, or supporting correspondence with respect thereto. 

1.16 Improvements 

shall mean any modification, enhancement, or improvement
of a Licensed Product, or any inventions, discoveries, improvements (whether patentable or not), information, and data, owned or Controlled
by Licensor any time during the Term which would be useful or necessary in the manufacture, use, or sale of any Licensed Product, or the
practice of which would infringe an issued or pending claim within the Patent Rights. 

4 

1.17 Know-how 

shall mean all tangible or intangible information
and know-how (other than that which is the subject of a Valid Claim in the Patent Rights), whether or not proprietary or patentable (but
which has not been patented), related to the Technology, the Licensed Product, or any Improvement or which is useful to or necessary for
the Company to develop or commercialize any Licensed Product (including but not limited to: trade secrets, formulations, protocol, results
of experimentation, in vitro, preclinical or clinical design, information or results, other proprietary materials, processes, including
but not limited to manufacturing processes, data, drawings and sketches, designs, testing and test results, regulatory filings, and other
information of a like nature), owned or Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term. 

1.18 Licensed Product(s) 

shall mean any product, including but not limited
to the Technology, which, absent the license granted by Licensor to the Company herein, would infringe one or more Valid Claims included
within the Patent Rights in the country in which the product is made, used, leased, imported, exported, offered for sale or sold. 

1.19 Licensed Trademarks 

means any trademarks, trade dress (including packaging
design), logos, slogans, domain names and designs, whether or not registered in a country or territory, owned by Licensor and used to
identify or promote the Licensed Products. Schedule 1.19 sets forth a complete list of Licensed Trademarks. 

1.20 Licensor IND(s)/IDE(s) 

means the INDs and IDEs, whether now existing
or previously submitted, described on Schedule 1.20, and any filings, updates, material correspondence, or material communications to
or from any applicable Competent Authority with respect thereto. 

1.21 Marketing Authorization 

means all necessary and appropriate regulatory
approvals, including but not limited to NDAs, PMAs, CE Markings, and/or 510(k)s, as applicable, and reimbursement and pricing approvals,
to allow a Licensed Product to be marketed and sold in the Field of Use in a particular country in the Territory. 

1.22 Milestone Payment 

means the payments set out in Article 6.1. 

1.23 NDA 

means a New Drug Application as defined in 21
C.F.R. Part 314.50 et seq. in the United States (as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time), or equivalent application
to any Competent Authority of any other country in the Territory, to commence commercial sale and marketing of a drug for human use, including
but not limited to any amendments, supplements, or supporting correspondence with respect thereto. 

1.24 Net Sales 

shall have the meaning set out below: 

1.24.1 
 Net Sales shall mean the total gross invoice amounts for sales or other dispositions for consideration of Licensed Products to customers who are not Affiliates, or are Affiliates, but are end users of the Licensed Products, by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees (if applicable) , whether invoiced or not, less the following deductions: 

(a) 
 usual trade discounts to customers, including but not limited to cash, quantity and trade discounts, rebates and other price reductions for such Licensed Product given to such customers; 

5 

(b) 
 sales, tariff duties, value-added tax and/or use taxes directly imposed and with reference to particular sales (which does not include income, withholding or similar taxes); 

(c) 
 amounts allowed or credited on charge-backs and/or returns; 

(d) 
 bad debt deductions and uncollectible amounts actually written off during the applicable accounting period, up to a maximum of [ ] of the gross invoice amounts for such royalty reporting period; 

(e) 
 outbound transportation prepaid or allowed and transportation insurance; 

(f) 
 packaging, freight, and insurance charges; 

(g) 
 customs duties, surcharges and other governmental charges incurred in exporting or importing such Licensed Product to such customers; and 

(h) 
 wholesaler discounts and chargebacks and rebates granted to (1) managed healthcare organizations, (2) federal, state and/or provincial and/or local governments or other agencies, (3) purchasers and reimbursers, or (4) trade customers, including without limitation, wholesalers and chain and pharmacy buying groups. 

If the Company receives non-cash consideration
on account of the sale or other transfer of Licensed Products to a third party, the fair market value of such non-cash consideration on
the date of the transfer will be the gross invoice price that the Company currently charges independent third parties and shall be deemed
the Net Sales for such Licensed Products sold or otherwise transferred. 

1.24.2 
 Components of Net Sales (and the deductions listed above) shall be determined in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 

1.24.3 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the transfer of a Licensed Product to (i) an Affiliate, Sublicensee, or other Third Party in connection with the research, development or testing of a Licensed Product or for purposes of resale, and (ii) to indigent or similar public support or compassionate use programs shall not be considered a sale of a Licensed Product under this Agreement. 

1.25 Patent Rights 

means 

1.25.1 
 all U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications set forth in Schedule 1.25; 

1.25.2 
 any and all U.S. or foreign patents, patent applications, or other rights issuing from, or filed subsequent to the date of this Agreement, based on or claiming priority to or from the applications, patents, and rights listed on Schedule 1.25, including but not limited to continuations, continuations in part, divisionals, reexaminations, extensions, reissues, substitutions, renewals, supplementary protection certificates, registrations, and confirmations of any of the foregoing, and any patents resulting from any application or right included in Articles 1.25.1 or 1.25.2; and 

1.25.3 
 any other intellectual property rights owned or Controlled by the Licensor at any time during the Term of this Agreement relating to or claiming an Improvement or that Licensor has the ability to license or gains the ability to license to the Company relating to or claiming an Improvement; and any and all US or foreign patents, patent applications, or other rights, including continuations, continuations in part, divisionals, reexaminations, extensions, reissues, substitutions, renewals, supplementary protection certificates, registrations, and confirmations of such rights relating to or claiming, in each case, an Improvement. 

The parties shall use Commercially Reasonable
Efforts to ensure that Schedule 1.25 shall be amended in writing from time to time to reflect the foregoing, provided that any failure
to do so shall not limit the scope of the definition of Patent Rights established above. 

1.26 Person 

means an individual, corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, trust, business trust, association, joint venture, non-profit organization, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship,
unincorporated organization, university, governmental authority or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. 

6 

1.27 PMA 

means a Premarketing Approval application, as
defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 814 in the United States (as it may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time), or equivalent
application to any Competent Authority of any other country in the Territory, to commence commercial sale and marketing of a medical device
for human use, including but not limited to any amendments, supplements, or supporting correspondence with respect thereto. 

1.28 Registration(s) 

means any and all permits, licenses, authorizations,
registrations or regulatory approvals (including, but not limited to an IND, IDE, PMA, CE Marking or NDA) required and/or granted by any
Competent Authority as a prerequisite to the development, manufacturing, packaging, shipping, marketing and/or selling of any product. 

1.29 Sublicensee 

means a Third Party that has entered in to an
agreement with the Company licensing to such Third Party any of the rights granted to the Company by the Licensor pursuant to Article
2.1, or a Third Party that has entered into a license agreement with any such Sublicensee licensing such Third Party the rights granted
to the Company by the Licensor and granted to such subsequent Third Party licensee by the Sublicensee. 

1.30 Technology 

means all forms and combinations of Taurolidine
and other Taurinamide derivatives (including without limitation such combinations with or without carboxylic acids and/or salts, and with
or without heparin) and all forms and combinations of thixotropic gel. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, Technology shall not
include vascular access port technology and catheter technology (the Excluded Technology ). For clarity, no Excluded Technology
is licensed or assigned to Company pursuant to this Agreement. 

1.31 Term 

has the meaning set out in Article 11.1. 

1.32 Territory 

means the world. 

1.33 Third Party 

mean any Person other than Licensor, Company and
their respective Affiliates. 

1.34 Valid Claim 

means any pending or issued claim included
within the Patent Rights that has been filed in good faith and has not expired, been withdrawn, permanently revoked, abandoned nor
deemed unenforceable, unpatentable, or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction that
is unappealable or unappealed in the time allowed for appeal, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through
reissue or disclaimer or otherwise. 

7 

1.35 510(k) 

means a Premarket Notification submitted in accordance
with 21 C.F.R. Part 807 in the United States (as it may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time), or equivalent
notification or application to any Competent Authority of any other country in the Territory, to commence commercial sale and marketing
of a medical device for human use, including but not limited to any amendments, supplements, or supporting correspondence with respect
thereto. 

Article 2 License Grant 

2.1 Grant of License 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Licensor hereby grants to the Company an exclusive license under the Patent Rights and Know-how, with rights to grant sublicenses (as
set forth in Article 2.2), to conduct research, develop, have developed, make, have made, use, have used, import, have imported, export,
have exported, offer for sale, have sold, sell, produce, manufacture, distribute and market Licensed Products, in the Field of Use in
the Territory. 

2.2 Sublicenses 

2.2.1 
 
 The Company shall have the right to grant sublicenses
 through multiple tiers of any and all rights granted to Company under this Agreement to its Affiliates or Third Parties in the Company s
 sole discretion. All sublicenses granted under this Article 2.2.1 shall survive and be automatically assigned to Licensor upon termination
 of this Agreement, provided however , Licensor shall not be obligated to incur any obligations in excess of those of Licensor contained
 herein or therein. 

2.2.2 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company believes that Licensor has terminated this Agreement for the primary purpose of doing business directly with the Sublicensee, the termination may be disputed under the provisions of Article 10. 

2.3 Assignment and Assumption of Agreements . 

Licensor entered into certain licensing and consulting
agreements that relate to the Technology as set forth on Schedule 2.3 (the Assigned Agreements ). Subject to Article 11.5.4
hereof, Licensor hereby assigns or otherwise transfers, as of the Effective Date, and the Company hereby assumes, all of Licensor s
rights, obligations and responsibilities under the Assigned Agreements following the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
parties acknowledge that, by this Agreement, the Licensor is not assigning, and the Company is not assuming, any indemnification or other
liabilities or obligations under the Assigned Agreements with respect to any matters occurring prior to the Effective Date or that relate
to the acts and omissions of Licensor, and that all liabilities and obligations under the Assigned Agreements that arose prior to the
Effective Date or with respect to the acts or omissions of Licensor shall be the sole responsibility of the Licensor, unless otherwise
specifically agreed upon within this Agreement. 

2.4 Trademark License 

Licensor hereby grants to the Company an exclusive
license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use and display the Licensed Trademarks in connection with the marketing, promotion,
and sale of Licensed Products in the Field of Use in the Territory, subject to the terms of this Agreement. 

2.5 Covenant Regarding Competing Products 

During the Term, neither Licensor nor its Affiliates
shall (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in the development or commercialization of products within the Antimicrobial Field (as defined
below), or (ii) actively participate in the management of any company engaged in the development or commercialization of products within
the Antimicrobial Field a Competitive Company ); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not preclude Licensor from
holding an equity investment in a Competitive Company that does not constitute a controlling interest in such Competitive Company. As
used herein, Antimicrobial Field means the research, development, testing or sale of: (a) compositions, methods or designs
that provide or enhance antimicrobial protection for medical devices and/or fluid conduits, or (b) treatments, formulations, or methods
of use comprising Taurolidine and other Taurinamide derivatives. 

8 

Article 3 Technology and Regulatory Transfer 

3.1 Technology and Regulatory Transfer 

Promptly following the execution of this Agreement,
Licensor shall make available to the Company during regular business hours, at the facilities of Licensor or its third party contractor,
originals or copies of all Know-how (including but not be limited to all pre-clinical or clinical data, trade secrets, human safety data,
preliminary efficacy data, and other regulatory data related to any Licensed Product in its possession) Controlled by Licensor. Company
shall have the opportunity to copy or remove from the premises any such materials, at its own cost and expense, and will notify Licensor
in writing once Company has copied or removed all Know-How desired by Company. Company shall complete its review and removal of such materials
within four (4) weeks following the date upon which such materials are made available by Licensor. Licensor, in Licensor s sole
discretion and at Licensor s sole cost and expense, shall maintain or dispose of any materials remaining in such facility after
Company provides such notice. Upon execution of this Agreement, Licensor hereby assigns all right, title, and interest in the Licensor
IND(s)/IDE(s) relating to the Licensed Products in the Field of Use to the Company, free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances. 

Licensor shall, at the Company s sole cost,
take any and all actions requested by the Company to effect the purposes of the foregoing as promptly as practicable following the execution
of this Agreement, which shall include but not be limited to preparing and filing whatever filings, requests or applications are required
or deemed advisable by the Company to be filed with any Regulatory Authority, if any, in connection with the assignment of the Licensor
IND(s)/IDE(s) (including but not limited to, if applicable with respect to the FDA, a transfer of ownership letter ). Such
actions shall include providing the Company with: 

a. 
 copies of all regulatory submissions; 

b. 
 any communications with Competent Authorities and the minutes of any meetings with Competent Authorities relating to any Licensed Product; 

c. 
 DMFs and any trial, drug, device, or other master files relating to any Licensed Product, including copies of all case report forms; 

d. 
 copies of all listings and tables of results from the clinical trials relating to any Licensed Product; 

e. 
 copies of all treatment-related serious adverse event reports from the clinical trials relating to any Licensed Product; 

f. 
 any retained samples of materials used in clinical trials relating to any Licensed Product; 

g. 
 access to contract and clinical research organizations (to the extent the Licensor is able using Commercially Reasonable Efforts) involved in the preclinical studies and clinical trials relating to any Licensed Product; 

h. 
 the data, files and results of any chemistry, manufacturing, or control-related activities regarding any Licensed Product. 

9 

Article 4 Regulatory Compliance 

4.1 Ownership and Maintenance of Governmental
Approvals 

4.1.1 
 
 The Company may obtain, in its own name,
all Marketing Authorizations for each country in the Territory for Licensed Products. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company shall prepare and submit in its own name and at its expense PMAs with the FDA in the U.S. and any other equivalent application
with the Competent Authorities in other countries in the Territory. 

4.1.2 
 
 The Company shall secure and maintain in
good standing, at its sole cost and expense, any and all Governmental Approvals (including, Marketing Authorizations, licenses, permits
and consents, facility licenses and permits required by Applicable Laws or by the applicable Competent Authorities) necessary and/or
required for the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts at its cost and expense
to secure and maintain any variations and renewals thereof. Licensor shall promptly notify Company of any written or oral notices received
from, or inspections by, any Competent Authority relating to any such Governmental Approvals. 

4.2 Rights of Reference 

Licensor shall grant and hereby grants the Company
a free-of-charge right to reference and use and have full access to all preclinical and clinical data, information, and results, Governmental
Approvals, and all other regulatory documents relating to or useful for the Development of the Technology and Licensed Products in the
Field of Use, including but not limited to any IND, IDE, PMA, 510(k), NDA, DMF (whether as an independent document or as part of any Governmental
Approval), and all chemistry, manufacturing and controls information, and any supplements, amendments or updates to the foregoing, where
such regulatory documents are owned or Controlled by Licensor (for the purposes of this Article, the Right of Reference ).
The Company may license the Right of Reference to Affiliates and to Sublicensees. 

4.3 Access to Manufacturers 

Licensor grants to the Company a free-of-charge
right to access (to the extent it has such right) any suppliers of any form, component, or ingredient of or precursor to the Technology
or any Licensed Product, and shall, if and as requested by the Company and at the Company s sole cost, reasonably assist Company
in establishing supply relationships with such suppliers and/or assigning any relevant supply agreements to the Company. 

Article 5 Development and Commercialization 

5.1 Development 

The Company shall, at its sole expense, use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts, itself or through the activities of its Sublicensees and Affiliates, to perform the Development and secure the Marketing
Authorizations for Licensed Products. The Company s Development program shall include preclinical and clinical development of Licensed
Products, including research and development, manufacturing, and laboratory and clinical testing throughout the Term of the License. 

5.2 Commercialization 

The Company shall, at its sole expense, promptly
following receipt of the necessary Marketing Authorizations, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to, itself or through the activities
of its Sublicensees and Affiliates, promote, market, sell and commercialize thereafter, Licensed Products in the Territory within the
Field of Use. 

10 

5.3 Use of Trademarks 

Company will be solely responsible for the selection
of all trademarks for use on or in connection with Licensed Products marketed and sold by the Company and its Sublicensees and Affiliates
(such marks, the Product Trademarks ), will be the sole owner of any Product Trademarks other than the Licensed Trademarks,
including any Company House Marks, will be responsible for the filing, prosecution, maintenance and defense of all registrations of the
Product Trademarks, and will be responsible for the payment of any costs relating to filing, prosecution, maintenance and defense of the
Product Trademarks. If Company, in its sole discretion, elects to use a Licensed Trademark in connection with the promotion of a Licensed
Product, then Company shall use such mark in accordance with any trademark usage guidelines provided by the Licensor. Use of any such
Licensed Trademarks shall not give Company any right to such trademarks, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Company
acknowledges and agrees that the goodwill generated by its use of the Licensed Trademarks will inure solely to the benefit of Licensor.
Licensor acknowledges and agrees that the goodwill generated by the Company s use of any Product Trademarks other than Licensed
Trademarks will inure solely to the benefit of the Company. Company agrees not to use or file any application to register any trademark
or trade name that is confusingly similar to any Licensed Trademarks. Licensor agrees not to use or file any application to register any
trademark or trade name that is confusingly similar to any Product Trademarks (other than Licensed Trademarks) or Company House Marks. 

Article 6 Fees and Other Consideration 

6.1 Milestone Payments 

As further consideration for the license granted hereunder, the Company
will make the following one- time Milestone Payments to Licensor (or to such Third Parties as Licensor may direct). 

6.1.1 
 
 Three Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 325,000) upon execution
of this Agreement; 

6.1.2 
 [ ]; 

6.1.3 
 [ ]; 

6.1.4 
 [ ]; and 

6.1.5 
 [ ]. 

Each of the Milestone Payments described above
shall only be paid once upon their respective accomplishments, regardless of the number of times such milestones are achieved by one or
more Licensed Products. 

6.2 Equity Consideration 

Upon execution of this Agreement, the Company
shall issue to Licensor certain shares of its Common Stock, par value .001 per share, pursuant to a Subscription Agreement, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 6.2.1(a), which the parties shall execute simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, and subject
to the terms and conditions as set forth in a Stockholder Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.2.1(b), between Company,
Licensor, and other Third Party signatories thereto (the Stockholder Agreement ). Upon execution of this Agreement, the Company
and Licensor shall enter into an Escrow Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.2.1(c) pursuant to which the Company shall
place into escrow certain shares of its Common Stock, par value .001 per share, to be released pursuant to the terms of such Escrow Agreement
(the Escrowed Shares ). 

6.3 Place of Payment, Taxes and Conversions 

All payments under this Agreement shall be paid
in United States dollars, unless otherwise required by law, at such place as Licensor may reasonably designate consistent with Applicable
Laws and regulations. Any taxes, duties, or other levies which the Company, its Affiliate or any Sublicensee shall be required by law
to pay or withhold on remittance of any payment(s) to Licensor due under this Agreement shall be deducted from such payment(s) to Licensor.
Any such taxes, levies, or duties required under Applicable Law to be paid or withheld on remittance of any payment(s) paid to Licensor
under this Agreement shall be an expense of, and borne solely by, Licensor, provided the Company sends to Licensor proof of any such taxes,
duties or other levies withheld and paid by the Company for the benefit of Licensor, and further provided, the Company cooperate, at Licensor s
expense, with any reasonable request to help ensure that amounts withheld and/or paid are reduced and/or recovered to the extent permitted
by the relevant jurisdiction. If any currency conversion shall be required in connection with payments hereunder, such conversion shall
be made by using the exchange rate prevailing at Citibank, N.A. in New York, New York on the last business day of the reporting period
to which such payments relate. 

11 

6.4 Time for Payment 

6.4.1 Milestone Payments payable to Licensor shall, notwithstanding the use of the word upon throughout
Article 6.1, become due and payable within [ ] after achievement of the indicated milestone. 

6.4.2 The Company shall not be required to make a report pursuant to Article 7.2 until the occurrence of the
first commercial sale of a Licensed Product. 

6.5 Interest 

Amounts which are not paid when due shall accrue
interest from the due date until paid, at a rate equal to the then prevailing prime rate of Citibank, N.A., plus [ ]. 

Article 7 Reports and Records 

7.1 Records and Audits 

The Company shall keep full, true and accurate
books of account containing all particulars that may be reasonably necessary for the purpose of allowing Licensor to determine if any
Milestone Payments are payable hereunder or if any Escrowed Shares are to be released hereunder. Said books of account shall be kept at
the Company s principal place of business and the supporting data shall be opened up to Licensor once per quarter upon reasonable
notice to the Company for inspection by Licensor s internal audit division or by another designated auditor selected by Licensor,
except one to whom the Company has reasonable objection, for the purpose of verifying the Company s Statement (as defined below)
or compliance in other respects with this Agreement. If an inspection shows an under-reporting or underpayment of the milestone payable,
then the Company shall reimburse Licensor for the reasonable, documented cost of the inspection and, if such underreporting delayed the
payment of any Milestone Payment or the release of any Escrowed Shares, Company shall also pay any late charges as required by Article
6.5 of this Agreement. Said books of account and the supporting data shall be made available to Licensor for three (3) years following
the expiration of the Term. All payments required under this Article 7.1 shall be due within [ ] days of the date Licensor provides
the Company notice of the payment due. Licensor shall cause its accounting firm to retain all financial information subject to review
under this Article 7.1 in strict confidence; provided, however, that the Company shall have the right to require that the Licensor s
accounting firm, prior to conducting such audit, enter into an appropriate non-disclosure agreement with Company regarding such financial
information. The accounting firm may disclose to Licensor any information that directly relates to the determination of whether any Milestone
Payments are payable hereunder or if any Escrowed Shares are to be released hereunder, together with any related computations prepared
by the accounting firm. The accounting firm may not share any other information about the Company with Licensor. Licensor shall treat
all such financial information as Company s Confidential Information. 

7.2 Statements 

Within [ ] from the end of each calendar quarter,
the Company shall deliver to Licensor complete and accurate reports, giving such particulars of the business conducted by the Company
during such period under this Agreement as shall be pertinent to an accounting of payments that may be due to Licensor under this Agreement
or the release of Escrowed Shares hereunder (the Statement ). Delivery of Statements shall conclude upon achievement of the
last milestone set forth in Articles 6.1 and 6.2, provided that a Statement for the calendar quarter in which such milestone is achieved
shall be provided. The Statement shall include at least the following: 

7.2.1 
 Net Sales for each Licensed Product by the Company, each Affiliate, and each Sublicensee 

7.2.2 
 cumulative Net Sales for the applicable calendar quarter; 

7.2.3 
 a breakdown of deductions applicable in computing Net Sales and taxes paid or withheld, if any; 

7.2.4 
 names and addresses of all Sublicensees and Affiliates of the Company; and 

7.2.5 
 a copy of each report from each Sublicensee as may be pertinent to an accounting of payments that may be due to Licensor or the release of Escrowed Shares hereunder. 

12 

7.3 Confidential Treatment of Reports 

Licensor agrees to hold in confidence each Statement
delivered by the Company pursuant to this Article 7 for a period of seven (7) years following termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Licensor may disclose any such information required to be disclosed to its representatives and legal and financial advisors
(subject to the restrictions set forth in Article 15) and in its financial statements or as required by any stock exchange or similar
regulatory authority, or pursuant to any Applicable Laws, provided that Licensor take reasonable steps to provide and assist the Company
with the opportunity, where reasonably appropriate, to (i) contest such subpoena, requirement or order or (ii) seek protective or confidential
treatment thereof, including but not limited to reasonable advance notice to the Company of any such required disclosure, to the extent
reasonably practicable. The Licensor understands that it is the intention of the Company to become publicly traded and that any information
disclosed to Licensor under this Agreement, including the Statement, may be deemed material non-public information under
state and federal securities laws. 

Article 8 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance 

8.1 Prosecution and Maintenance 

Following the Effective Date, the Company shall,
at its expense, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to file, prepare, prosecute and maintain the Patent Rights (as the same may be amended
or supplemented in writing from time to time after the date hereof), including, but not limited to, the filing of patent applications,
extensions, continuations, continuations in part, divisionals, re-examinations, or re-issue applications that the Company determines may
be required to advance the purposes of this Agreement or otherwise to protect the rights and licenses granted hereunder. The Company shall
control such prosecution and maintenance, using counsel of its choosing, in the name of Licensor, and agrees to keep Licensor reasonably
informed with respect to the status and progress of any such applications, prosecutions and maintenance activities and to consult in good
faith with Licensor and take into account Licensor s reasonable comments and requests with respect thereto prior to the filing of
any such documents. Licensor shall promptly notify Company in writing and reasonable detail of any Improvements and assist Company in
filing, prosecuting, and maintaining, in Licensor s name, Patent Rights claiming the same. Both parties agree to provide reasonable
cooperation to each other to facilitate the application and prosecution of patents pursuant to this Agreement and the Licensor shall execute
all lawful papers and instruments and make all rightful oaths and declarations as may be necessary in the preparation, prosecution and
maintenance of all patents and other filings referred to in this Article 8. 

8.2 Patent Term Extensions 

The Company shall promptly notify Licensor of
the issuance of each Governmental Approval and, where reasonably possible and reasonably useful or valuable in the commercialization of
Licensed Products, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to apply or enable Licensor to apply for a patent term extension, adjustment or
restoration, supplementary protection certificate, or other form of market exclusivity conferred by Applicable Laws (collectively, Patent
Term Extensions in the relevant country of the Territory. Licensor shall, to the extent reasonably possible and
reasonably useful or valuable in the commercialization of Licensed Products, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to, if and as requested
by the Company, and at the Company s expense, obtain (or assist the Company in obtaining) all available Patent Term Extensions.
The Parties shall cooperate with each other in obtaining Patent Term Extensions wherever and whenever applicable, reasonably possible
to obtain, and reasonably useful or valuable in the commercialization of Licensed Products. 

8.3 Abandonment 

The Company may, in its discretion, elect to abandon
any patent applications or issued patent in the Patent Rights. Following such abandonment, Licensor shall have the right, but not the
obligation, to commence or continue such prosecution and to maintain any such patent or patent application under its own control and at
its own expense and such patent or patent application shall thereafter be excluded from the definition of Patent Rights for purposes of
this Agreement (and, as between the parties hereto, such abandoned patent applications or issued patent in the Patent Rights shall, at
the election of the Licensor, become the sole and exclusive property of the Licensor). Prior to any such abandonment, the Company shall
give Licensor at least ninety (90) days notice, where practical, and a reasonable opportunity to take over prosecution of such patent
or patent application. The Company agrees to cooperate in such activities including execution of any documents necessary to enable Licensor
to retain ownership and control of such patent or patent application. 

13 

Article 9 Infringement, Enforcement and Other
Actions 

9.1 
 Notice of Infringement of Patent Rights 

The Company and Licensor shall promptly provide
written notice, to the other party, of any alleged infringement or any challenge or threatened challenge to the validity, enforceability
or priority of any of the Patent Rights, and provide each other with any available evidence of such infringement, challenge or threatened
challenge by a Third Party of the Patent Rights and provide such other party with any available evidence of such infringement. 

9.2 
 Prosecution or Defense of Patent Rights 

During the Term, the Company shall have the first
right and the obligation, to take appropriate action (in the discretion of its board of directors) to enforce the Patent Rights, to defend
any declaratory judgments seeking to invalidate or hold the Patent Rights unenforceable, to control any litigation or other enforcement
action and to enter into, or permit, the settlement of any such litigation, declaratory judgments or other enforcement action pertaining
to Patent Rights, with respect to any potential, threatened, alleged, or actual infringement of, or challenge, to, the Patent Rights,
at its own expense and with counsel of its choosing. In furtherance of such right, Licensor hereby agrees that the Licensor may join Company
as a party in any such suit (and will join at the Company s request), provided that the Company pay all of Licensor s reasonable,
documented out-of-pocket expenses with respect thereto. If, within twelve (12) months of the written notice provided for in Article 9.1,
the Company (i) shall have been unsuccessful in persuading the alleged infringer to desist or (ii) shall not have brought and shall not
be diligently prosecuting an infringement action as a result of its board of directors good faith determination that such action
is not in the Company s best interest, then Licensor shall then have the right to bring suit to enforce such Patent Rights, at its
own expense; provided, however, that, within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice of Licensor s intent to file such suit, Company
shall have the right to jointly prosecute such suit and to fund up to one-half ) the costs of such suit in exchange for a commensurate
share of the proceeds of such suit. Subject to the effects of the foregoing in the event the Company exercises the aforementioned right,
any recovery of damages or amounts received in settlement pursuant to this Article 9.2 shall be allocated pursuant to Article 9.5 below. 

9.3 
 Infringement by Licensed Product 

In the event that a claim or suit is asserted
or brought against the Company alleging that the manufacture or sale of any Licensed Product by the Company, an Affiliate of the Company,
or any Sublicensee, or the use of such Licensed Product by any customer of any of the foregoing, infringes proprietary rights of a Third
Party, the Company shall give written notice thereof to Licensor. The Company may, in its sole discretion, modify such Licensed Product
to avoid such infringement and/or may settle on terms that it deems advisable in its sole discretion, provided that any final disposition
of the litigation that will restrict the claims in or admit any invalidity of any Patent Rights(s) shall not be made without consultation
with and approval by Licensor, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. Otherwise, the Company shall have the first right and obligation,
to defend any such claim or suit. If the Company has, based on its board of directors good faith determination, not exercised such
right to defend or entered into settlement discussions concerning such alleged infringement within the sooner of (i) twelve (12) months
of the assertion of such a claim or (ii) thirty (30) days of the filing of such a suit, or if the Company notifies Licensor that it has
decided not to undertake such defense or enter into settlement discussions with respect to its alleged infringement as a result of its
board of directors good faith determination that such action is not in the Company s best interest, then Licensor shall then
have the right, but not the obligation, to defend such alleged infringement, at its sole expense, provided however that no settlement
affecting Patent Rights will be agreed upon without Company s prior written consent. 

14 

9.4 
 Control of Infringement Action 

The party controlling any action, suit, or defense
under Article 9.2 or 9.3 (the Controlling Party shall be free to enter into a settlement, consent judgment, or other voluntary
disposition of any such action, provided, however, that (i) the Controlling Party shall consult with the other party (the Secondary
Party prior to entering into any settlement thereof and (ii) any settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary disposition of
such actions which (1) materially limits the scope, validity, or enforceability of any Patent Rights or, if the Company is the Secondary
Party, patents or patent applications owned or Controlled by the Company, (2) subjects the Secondary Party to any non-indemnified liability,
payment obligation, or injunction, or (3) admits fault or wrongdoing on the part of the Secondary Party must be approved in writing by
the Secondary Party, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. The Secondary Party shall provide the Controlling Party notice of
its approval or denial of such approval within fifteen (15) business days of any request for such approval by the Controlling Party, provided
that (i) in the event the Secondary Party wishes to deny such approval, such notice shall include a written description of the Secondary
Party s reasonable objections to the proposed settlement, consent judgment, or other voluntary disposition and (ii) the Secondary
Party shall be deemed to have approved such proposed settlement, consent judgment, or other voluntary disposition in the event it fails
to provide such notice within such fifteen (15) business day period. 

9.5 
 Allocation of Damages Recovered 

Any recovery of damages or amounts received in
settlement by Company or its Affiliates under Article 9.2 or 9.3 shall be applied first in satisfaction of any unreimbursed expenses and
legal fees of the Company and Licensor relating thereto, with the balance remaining from any such recovery or settlement being allocated
as follows: (i) amounts reasonably attributable to lost profits on Licensed Products shall be treated as Net Sales by the Company and
(ii) the remaining balance shall be retained by the Company. Any recovery of damages or amounts received in settlement by Licensor under
Articles 9.2 or 9.3 shall be applied first in satisfaction of any unreimbursed expenses and legal fees of the Company and Licensor relating
thereto, with the balance remaining from any such recovery being allocated as follows: (i) any amounts reasonably attributable to any
intellectual property rights of the Company (other than those licensed or assigned to the Company hereunder) being paid to Company and
(ii) the remaining balance shall be retained by the Licensor. 

9.6 
 Cooperation 

In any suit to enforce and/or defend the Patent
Rights pursuant to this Agreement, or defend against any alleged infringement of Third Party intellectual property rights by the manufacture,
use, sale, or import of a Licensed Product, the Secondary Party shall, at the request and expense of the Controlling Party, cooperate
in all respects and, to the extent possible, have its employees testify when requested and make available relevant records, papers, information,
samples, specimens, and the like. 

Article 10 Dispute Resolution 

10.1 
 Disputes 

10.1.1 
 The parties recognize that disputes as to certain matters may from time to time arise during the Term which relate to either party s rights and/or obligations hereunder or to the interpretation, performance, breach, or termination of this Agreement (a Dispute ). It is the objective of the parties to establish procedures to facilitate the resolution of a Dispute in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without resort to litigation. To accomplish this objective, the parties agree to follow the procedures set forth in this Article 10 if and when a Dispute arises under this Agreement. 

15 

10.1.2 
 A Dispute among the parties will be resolved as recited in this Article 10. Any Disputes relating to or arising under this Agreement shall be promptly presented to the Chief Executive Officers of Licensor and the Company, or their respective designees (who must be members of a party s senior management) for resolution. From the date of referral of a Dispute to the Chief Executive Officers or their designees of the parties and until such time as any matter has been resolved by the parties or has been finally settled by arbitration hereunder, the running of the cure periods (if any) as to which a party must cure a breach that is part of the subject matter of any Dispute shall be suspended. In the event that the Chief Executive Officers of Licensor and the Company, or their respective designees, cannot after good faith negotiations resolve the Dispute within forty-five (45) days (or such other period of time as mutually agreed to by the parties in writing) of being requested by a party to resolve a Dispute, the parties agree that such Dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with this Article 10.1. 

10.1.3 
 If a party intends to begin arbitration to resolve such Dispute, such party shall provide written notice (the Arbitration Notice to the other party informing such other party of such intention and the issues to be resolved. Any arbitration hereunder shall be conducted pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA such rules, the AAA Rules ), except as modified herein. The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) independent, neutral arbitrators that are industry experts experienced in the issues comprising the Dispute and have no past, present or reasonably anticipated future affiliation with either party (the Panel ). Company and Licensor shall each be entitled to select one (1) such arbitrator, with the two such arbitrators so selected selecting the third such arbitrator. In the event either party fails to select its arbitrator within such ten (10) day period, the arbitrator selected by the other party within such ten (10) day period shall be entitled to select such arbitrator. The arbitration shall take place in New York, New York and be conducted in English. The Panel shall apply the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. The Panel shall issue appropriate protective orders to protect each party s Confidential Information. If a party can demonstrate to the Panel that the complexity of the issue or other reasons warrant the extension of one or more timetables in the AAA Rules, the Panel may extend such timetables but in no event shall the proceeding extend more than twelve (12) months from the date of filing of the arbitration notice with the AAA. The Panel s decision shall be in writing. The Panel shall have the authority to award any remedy allowed by law, including but not limited to compensatory damages, pre-judgment interest, and punitive or other damages. Each party shall bear its own costs, fees and expenses in the arbitration and shall share equally the Panel s fees, unless the Panel determines that its fees are to be paid by the non-prevailing party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, without prejudice to the above procedures, either party may seek, in a court of competent jurisdiction, injunctive relief or other provisional judicial relief if, in its reasonable judgment, such action is necessary to avoid irreparable damage or otherwise enforce its rights hereunder 

16 

10.2 
 Performance to Continue 

This license shall remain in full force and effect
until a Dispute is resolved. Each party shall continue to perform its obligations, and shall be permitted to continue to exercise its
rights, under this Agreement pending final resolution of any Dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement; provided, however, that
a party may suspend performance of its obligations during any period in which the other party fails or refuses to perform its obligations. 

10.3 
 Determination of Patents and Other Intellectual Property 

Notwithstanding Article 10.1, any dispute relating
to the ownership, scope, validity or infringement of intellectual property rights (including any determination of validity of claims,
infringement or claim interpretation relating to Licensor s Patent Rights) shall be submitted exclusively to the courts. 

10.4 
 Statute of Limitation and Time-Based Defenses Tolled 

All applicable statutes of limitation and time-based
defenses (such as estoppel and laches) shall be tolled while any arbitration proceedings are pending and during any arbitration proceedings.
The parties shall cooperate in taking any actions necessary to achieve this result. 

Article 11 Term and Termination 

11.1 
 Term 

This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective
Date and shall expire on a country-by-country basis upon the earlier of (i) the date of the expiration of the last to expire Valid Claim
contained in the Patent Rights in such country in the Territory or (ii) the payment and release of all amounts due under Articles 6.1
and 6.2 (the Term ), unless earlier terminated as provided in Articles 11.2 or 11.4. 

11.2 
 Termination for Material Breach 

Upon any material breach or default of this Agreement
by the Company (including but not limited to non-payment), Licensor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and the rights, privileges
and license granted hereunder by giving sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company. If said breach is incapable of being cured,
or if upon the expiration of the sixty (60) day period, if the Company shall not have cured such breach or default, this Agreement shall,
at the option of Licensor, terminate upon written notice of Licensor. In the event of a bona fide dispute over any material breach, the
parties shall attempt to resolve such dispute in accordance with Article 10. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the nature
of the breach is such that additional time is reasonably needed to cure such breach, and Company has commenced and continues with good
faith diligent efforts to cure such breach, then Licensor shall provide Company with additional time in which to cure such breach. 

17 

11.3 
 Expiration of Term on a Country by Country Basis 

Upon the expiration of the Term in each country
in the Territory, the Company will have an irrevocable, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free exclusive license, with rights of sublicense
(through multiple tiers), under all rights granted under this Agreement to conduct research, develop, have developed, make, have made,
use, have used, import, have imported, export, have exported, offer for sale, have sold, sell, produce, manufacture, distribute and market
Licensed Products in such country. 

11.4 
 Termination by Company 

The Company shall have the right at any time to
terminate this Agreement in its entirety or on a country-by-country basis by giving sixty (60) days notice thereof in writing to Licensor,
following a good faith determination by the Company s Board of Directors not to proceed with the development of Licensed Products. 

11.5 
 Consequences of Termination 

Upon the termination of this Agreement by either
party, the following shall occur: 

11.5.1 
 
 Subject to Article 11.5.2, the Company and its
Affiliates (as the case may be) shall have no right to practice within the Patent Rights or use any of the Patent Rights and Know-how,
and all rights, title or interest in, or other incidents of ownership under the Patent Rights and Know-how shall revert to and become
the sole property of Licensor, and the licenses granted under Article 2.1 shall automatically terminate. 

11.5.2 
 
 Notwithstanding Article 11.5.1, if this Agreement
is terminated other than pursuant to Article 11.4, the Company and its Affiliates shall have the right, at the Company s sole discretion,
to sell all completed Licensed Products and complete (or have completed) any Licensed Products in the process of manufacture at the time
of such termination and sell the same, in each case for a period not to exceed six (6) months after the effective date of such termination.
All such sales of Licensed Products by the Company and its Affiliates shall be included in Net Sales. If the Company and its Affiliates
elect not to sell off any such inventory of Licensed Products, then the Company shall, at Licensor s election, transfer and deliver,
all Licensed Products (including those in the process of manufacture at the time of such termination) to the Licensor, who shall pay
the Company (i) the fair market value therefor if the termination is as the result of Licensor s breach of this Agreement and (ii)
[ ] of the fair market value if this Agreement or any provisions of this Agreement are terminated by the Company for any other reason.
Following such transfer, the Licensor shall have the right to sell all completed Licensed Products (and retain all proceeds therefrom). 

11.5.3 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, each
 sublicense granted under this Agreement by the Company or its Affiliates to a Sublicensee shall, to the extent not imposing obligations
 on Licensor in excess of those contained herein, survive such termination and be automatically assigned to Licensor as provided for in
 Article 2, in order to provide for the applicable Sublicensees continued enjoyment of their rights under such sublicenses. 

18 

11.5.4 
 
 Upon any termination of this Agreement, other
than due to the Licensor s material breach: (i) for no additional consideration, the Company will assign or otherwise transfer,
and the Licensor will assume, all of the Company s rights, obligations and responsibilities under the Assigned Agreements as of
the effective date of such termination, but excluding the Exclusive License and Consulting Agreement between Licensor and Hans-Dietrich
Polaschegg, dated as of April 29, 2005, and (ii) the parties will enter into a mutually agreeable arrangement for a royalty-bearing non-exclusive
or exclusive license (as may be negotiated by the parties) under any modifications, enhancements, or improvements of a Licensed Product,
or any Company Inventions (as defined below), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, and import Licensed Products (collectively, the Reversion ).
As used above, Company Inventions means any inventions, discoveries, improvements (whether patentable or not), information,
and data, and any related patent rights, in each case that are owned or Controlled by the Company as of the effective date of such termination
and which are used in or would be infringed by the manufacture, use, or sale of any Licensed Product as conducted as of such termination
effective date. For clarity, Licensor shall not assume any indemnification or other liabilities or obligations under the Assigned Agreements
that occurred or arose from transactions occurring or actions or inactions prior to the Reversion but after the Effective Date that arose
under or in connection with this Agreement Company Liabilities ). Company Liabilities shall be the sole responsibility
of the Company. If, following good faith negotiations, the parties are unable to agree on mutually agreeable terms with respect to the
license described in clause (ii) above within ninety (90) days following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, then the
parties shall submit such dispute for final resolution to mediation in New York, NY (with the mediator being mutually acceptable to the
parties hereto), with the cost thereof being shared equally by the Company and the Licensor. In no event shall the termination of this
Agreement result in any forfeiture or loss of any equity securities of the Company that are issued to Licensor pursuant to Section 1
of the Subscription Agreement. 

11.5.5 
 
 If such termination was made by the Company
pursuant to Article 11.4 then the payments described in Article 6.1 and Article 6.2 shall survive any such termination solely with respect
to products the manufacture, use or sale of which would infringe one or more issued patents licensed pursuant to the Exclusive License
and Consulting Agreement between Licensor and Hans-Dietrich Polaschegg, dated as of April 29, 2005. Such payments shall be made pursuant
to the terms of Articles 6.3, 6.4 and 6.5. 

11.6 
 Partial Termination 

Upon the early termination of this Agreement by
either party in respect of a country, the terms of Article 11.5 shall apply in respect of such country; provided, however, that the Company
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to sell any Licensed Products located in such country that have not yet been sold in another
country in which it is marketing the Licensed Products. 

11.7 
 Survival 

Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason,
nothing herein shall be construed to release either party from any obligation that matured prior to the effective date of such termination,
and the following provisions shall survive such termination: Articles 6 (solely to the extent expressly provided in Section 11.5.5), 7,
9 (with respect to infringement occurring prior to such termination), 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, and 16. 

19 

Article 12 Representations and Warranties 

12.1 
 Licensor Warranties 

Except as is set forth on the Disclosure Schedule
prepared and delivered by Licensor to the Company, Licensor represents and warrants that, except as described on Schedule 12.1: 

12.1.1 
 
 Licensor owns all right, title, and interest
in and to the Patent Rights and Know-how, including the exclusive, absolute, irrevocable right, title and interest thereto, free and
clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or other restrictions or limitations of any kind whatsoever. As of the Effective Date, the
Patent Rights are existing and, to the best of Licensor s knowledge, are valid and enforceable, in whole or in part. 

12.1.2 
 
 There is no claim, pending or threatened,
of infringement, interference or invalidity regarding any part or all of the Patent Rights or Know-how or their use. 

12.1.3 
 
 The US and foreign patent applications and
patents itemized on Schedule 1.25 set forth all of the patents and patent applications necessary or useful for practicing the Technology
in the Field of Use owned by or licensed to Licensor on the Effective Date. 

12.1.4 
 
 The Licensor is a limited liability company
duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The Licensor has the requisite power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Licensor have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of the Licensor. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Licensor and, subject to the due authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreements by the Company, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Licensor,
enforceable against the Licensor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be affected by bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditor s rights generally and except for general principles of equity. 

12.1.5 
 
 No consent, approval or authorization of,
or declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Third Party (a Consent is required on the part of the
Licensor in connection with its execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

20 

12.1.6 
 
 There are no suits or actions, administrative,
arbitration or other proceedings, or governmental investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Licensor, threatened against or
affecting the Licensor with respect to Licensed Products or the Patent Rights. No Person has notified the Licensor in writing of any
material claim against the Licensor alleging any personal property or economic injury, loss or damage incurred as a result of or relating
to the use of the Technology or any Licensed Products. There is no judgment, order, injunction, decree, writ or award against the Licensor
that is not satisfied and remains outstanding with respect to the Technology, Patent Rights, or any Licensed Product. 

12.1.7 
 
 Schedule 12.1.7 hereto sets forth a true
and complete list of each license, contract or other agreement (together with certain other agreements and any amendments to any of the
foregoing) to which the Licensor is a party or by or to which any property of the Licensor is otherwise bound or subject that relates
to the Licensed Products or the Patent Rights, including but not limited to the Assigned Agreements (collectively, the Material
Agreements ). True and complete copies of all Material Agreements have been previously delivered to the Company. Each of the Material
Agreements is valid, binding and in full force and effect, and enforceable by the Licensor, in each case in accordance with its respective
terms. No Person (other than the Licensor) that is a party to any Material Agreement or is otherwise bound thereby is, to the knowledge
of the Licensor, in default or breach thereof and no event, condition or act exists that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time
or both, would give rise to such a default or breach thereof or a right of cancellation by the Licensor thereunder. The Licensor is not
in default or breach in any material respect of any of the Material Agreements and, no event, condition or act exists that, with the
giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would give rise to a default or breach by the Licensor thereof or a right of cancellation
thereunder by any other party thereto. Except as set forth on Schedule 12.1.7, each Assigned Agreement is assignable by Licensor to the
Company without the Consent of any other person. 

12.1.8 
 
 To the knowledge of the Licensor, none of
the Patent Rights, Licensed Products, or Technology, nor the practice, development, use, manufacture, sale, or import of any of the foregoing,
infringes or conflicts in any material respect with, and the Licensor has not received any notice of infringement of, or conflict with,
any license, patent, copyright, trademark, service mark or other intellectual property right of any Third Party and, to the knowledge
of the Licensor, there has not been and is not currently any infringement or unauthorized use by any Third Party of any of the Patent
Rights, Technology, Know-how, or Licensed Products. Except as provided herein, the validity or enforceability of any of the Patent Rights
and or the title of the Licensor thereto has not been questioned in any litigation, governmental inquiry or proceeding to which the Licensor
is a party and, to the knowledge of the Licensor, no such litigation, governmental inquiry or proceeding is threatened. 

12.1.9 
 
 Licensor owns all right, title, and interest
to the Licensor IND(s)/IDE(s) free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances, the Licensor IND(s)/IDE(s) constitute the only INDs,
IDEs, or regulatory filings of any kind concerning any Licensed Product, and there are no Governmental Approvals in place or effective
in any jurisdiction with respect to any Licensed Product. 

12.2 
 Company Warranties 

The Company represents and warrants that: 

12.2.1 The Company is a corporation duly formed, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The Company has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance and consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, subject to the due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreements by the Licensor, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be affected by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditor s rights generally and except for general principles of equity. 

12.2.2 No consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration
or filing with, any Competent Authority, other governmental authority, or other Third Party is required on the part of the Company in
connection with its execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

21 

Article 13 Limitation of Liability, Indemnity 

13.1 
 NO IMPLIED WARRANTIES 

EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 12, LICENSOR DOES
NOT MAKE AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

13.2 
 Indemnity 

13.2.1 
 The Company agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, its Affiliates, directors, employees and officers Licensor Indemnitees from and against all third party liability, demands, damages, including without limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses, and losses including death, personal injury, illness or property damage to the extent arising directly or indirectly out of the Company s use, manufacture, sale, or other disposition of Licensed Products under the terms of this Agreement, to the extent not resulting from any Licensor Indemnitees breach of this Agreement, negligence, willful misconduct, or failure to comply with Applicable Laws. 

13.2.2 
 Licensor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its Affiliates, directors, employees, and officers Company Indemnitees from and against all third party liability, demands, damages, including without limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses, and losses (including but not limited to death, personal injury, illness or property damage) to the extent arising directly or indirectly out of (a) any of the Assigned Agreements for any act or omission of Licensor occurring prior to the Effective Date, or any breach of a representation or warranty made by Licensor under such Assigned Agreements (excluding the Exclusive License and Consulting Agreement with Hans-Dietrich Polaschegg, dated as of April 29, 2005), (b) any claim relating to the Licensor s acquisition of the Patent Rights, Know-how, Technology, and Assigned Agreements from the bankruptcy proceeding for Biolink Corporation, or (c) any claim relating to activities undertaken or performed in connection with the Technology by or on behalf of Biolink Corporation or Licensor prior to the Effective Date. 

13.2.3 
 In the event that either party intends to seek indemnification for any claim under Article 13.2.1 or 13.2.2, it shall inform the other party of the claim promptly after receiving notice of the claim. 

In the case of a claim for which Licensor
seeks indemnification under Article 13.2.1, Licensor shall permit the Company to direct and control the defense of the claim and shall
provide such reasonable assistance as is reasonably requested by the Company (at the Company s cost) in the defense of the claim,
provided that nothing in this Article 13.2.3 shall permit the Company to make any admission on behalf of Licensor, or to settle any claim
or litigation which would impose any financial obligations on Licensor without the prior written consent of Licensor, such consent not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

In the case of a claim for which the
Company seeks indemnification under Article 13.2.2, the Company shall permit Licensor to direct and control the defense of the claim and
shall provide such reasonable assistance as is reasonably requested by Licensor (at Licensor s cost) in the defense of the claim,
provided that nothing in this Article 13.2.3 shall permit Licensor to make any admission on behalf of the Company, or to settle any claim
or litigation which would impose any financial obligations on the Company without the prior written consent of the Company, such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

13.3 
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO DAMAGES ARISING FOR INFRINGEMENT
OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, BREACHES OF ARTICLES 14.3, ARTICLE 15, PAYMENT TO THIRD PARTIES OR ANY DUTY TO INDEMNIFY FOR SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER ARTICLE 13.2.1 OR 13.2.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES
BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY
AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. 

Article 14 Use of Names and Publication 

14.1 
 Use of Name 

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed
as granting any right to the Company or its Affiliates to use in advertising, publicity, or other promotional activities any name, trade
name, trademark, or other designation of Licensor or any of its units (including contraction, abbreviation or simulation of any of the
foregoing) without the prior, written consent of Licensor; provided that Company may identify Licensor as the licensor under this Agreement
without such consent to actual or potential investors, investment bankers, acquirers, acquisition targets, and strategic partners, and
where the use of such names may be required by Applicable Law. 

22 

14.2 
 No Agency 

Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a
relationship of principal and agent between Licensor and the Company, nor any of their agents or employees for any purpose whatsoever.
This Agreement shall not be construed as creating a partnership between the Licensor and the Company, or as creating any other form of
legal association or arrangement, which would impose liability upon one party for the act or failure to act of the other party. 

14.3 
 Publication 

In the event that Licensor or any Affiliate, employee,
officer, director, or shareholder thereof desires to publish or disclose, by written, oral or other presentation, any information included
in the Patent Rights, Know-how, or any material information related thereto, Licensor shall provide the Company with a copy of the proposed
publication, presentation, or disclosure at least sixty (60) days prior to its submission for presentation, publication, or disclosure.
The Company may request that Licensor, no later than sixty (60) days following the receipt of such proposed publication, presentation,
or disclosure, (i) delay such presentation, publication or disclosure for up to an additional ninety (90) days in order to enable the
Company to file, or have filed on their behalf, a patent application, copyright or other appropriate form of intellectual property protection
related to the information to be disclosed or request that Licensor do so, (ii) remove the Company s Confidential Information from
such presentation, publication or disclosure, and/or (iii) make any other reasonable changes to such proposed publication, presentation,
or disclosure, as applicable. Upon receipt of such request, Licensor shall (i) arrange for a delay of such presentation, publication or
disclosure until such time as the Company or Licensor have filed, or had filed on its behalf, such patent application, copyright or other
appropriate form of intellectual property protection in form and in substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company and Licensor, (ii)
remove the Company s Confidential Information from such presentation, publication or disclosure, and/or (iii) reasonably consider
any other reasonable changes proposed by the Company. If Licensor does not receive any request from the Company to delay such presentation,
publication or disclosure, Licensor may submit such material for presentation, publication or other form of disclosure, subject to Licensor s
obligations under Article 15. 

Article 15 Confidentiality 

15.1 
 Confidentiality and Non-Use 

Any proprietary or confidential information relating
to the Technology, Patent Rights, Know-how (including but not limited to patent prosecution documents relating to Patent Rights), reports
and records provided under Article 7, and any other reasonably confidential or proprietary information concerning a party s business
or technology disclosed to the other party under this Agreement, including the terms of this Agreement, collectively constitute the Confidential
Information. Neither party will use or disclose the Confidential Information for any purpose unrelated to the exercise of their
rights or fulfillment of their obligations under this Agreement, and will hold it in confidence during the Term and for a period of seven
(7) years after the termination or expiration of the Term. Each party shall exercise with respect to the Confidential Information the
same degree of care as the party exercises with respect to its own confidential or proprietary information of a similar nature, but in
no event less than reasonable care, and shall not disclose it or permit its disclosure to any Third Party (except to those of its employees,
consultants, or agents who are bound by a substantially similar obligation of confidentiality of this Agreement). However, such undertaking
of confidentiality shall not apply to any information or data which: 

23 

15.1.1 
 
 The receiving party receives without obligation
of confidentiality at any time from a third-party lawfully in possession of same and having the right to disclose same; 

15.1.2 
 
 is, as of the date of this Agreement, in
the public domain, or subsequently enters the public domain through no fault of the receiving party; 

15.1.3 
 
 is independently developed by the receiving
party as demonstrated by written evidence without reference to or benefit of information disclosed to the receiving party by the disclosing
party; 

15.1.4 
 
 is disclosed pursuant to the prior written
approval of the disclosing party; or 

15.1.5 
 
 is required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable
Law or legal process (including, without limitation, to a governmental authority) provided that recipient will (i) give prior written
notice of such required disclosure to the other party, to the extent reasonably practicable, (ii) give reasonable assistance to the other
party, as requested thereby, seeking confidential or protective treatment thereof, and (iii) only disclose such Confidential Information
to the extent required by such Applicable Law or legal process. 

15.2 
 Limited Disclosure by Licensor 

Licensor acknowledges and agrees that the Know-how
licensed to the Company has value to the Company in being maintained as confidential. Therefore, Licensor shall not disclose the Know-how
to any Third Party without the Company s prior written consent. 

15.3 
 Material Non-Public Information 

The Licensor understands that it is the intent
of the Company to register its capital stock on a national securities exchange, on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
Automated Quotation System, or the Over The Counter Bulletin Board and accordingly, the Licensor understands that confidential information
provided to it by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement may constitute material non-public information concerning
the Company. 

Article 16 Miscellaneous Provisions 

16.1 
 Assignment 

This Agreement and the rights and duties appertaining
hereto may not be assigned by either party without first obtaining the written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Any such purported assignment without the written consent of the other party shall be deemed null and void. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, either party may assign this Agreement without the consent of the other party (i) to a purchaser, merging, or consolidating
corporation, or acquirer of all or substantially all of the other party s assets or business (or that portion thereof to which this
Agreement relates) and/or pursuant to any reorganization of the party or (ii) to an Affiliate of the party. 

24 

16.2 
 Binding Nature and Inurnment 

This Agreement will not be binding upon the parties
until it has been signed below on behalf of each party, in which event, it shall be effective as of the Effective Date. As of the Effective
Date, this Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

16.3 
 Counterparts; Facsimile 

This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This
Agreement may be signed and delivered to the other party by facsimile signature; such transmission will be deemed a valid signature. 

16.4 
 Entire Agreement; Amendment 

The parties hereto acknowledge that this Agreement,
including the Exhibits, Schedules and documents incorporated by reference, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
hereto as to the subject matter hereof, and shall not be subject to any change of modification except by the execution of a written instrument
subscribed to by the parties hereto and shall supersede all previous communications, representations or understandings, either oral or
written, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. No subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Agreement
shall be binding upon the parties hereto unless reduced to writing and signed by the 

 respective authorized officers of the parties. 

16.5 
 Force Majeure 

Neither party is responsible for delays resulting
from causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation fire, explosion, flood, war, strike, or riot, provided that the
nonperforming party uses Commercially Reasonable Efforts to avoid or remove those causes of nonperformance and continues performance under
this Agreement with reasonable dispatch whenever the causes are removed. 

16.6 
 Further Assurances 

From time to time during the Term, at the request
of either party, the other party shall execute and deliver such documents and take such other action as the requesting party may reasonably
request to consummate more effectively the transactions contemplated hereby. 

16.7 
 Headings 

The headings of the several articles are inserted
for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

16.8 
 Law 

This Agreement shall be construed, governed, interpreted
and applied in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

25 

16.9 
 Payments, Notices and Other Communications 

Any payment, notice or other communication required
or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by certified first class mail, postage prepaid, by hand
delivery or by facsimile if confirmed in writing, in each case effective upon receipt, at the addresses below or as otherwise designated
by written notice given to the other party: 

In the case of Licensor: 

ND Partners LLC 

 One Joy Street 

 Boston, MA 02108 

 Attention: Anastasios Parafestas 

With a copy to: 

 BRL Law Group LLC 

 31 St. James Avenue, Suite 850 

 Boston, MA 02116 

 Attention: Thomas B. Rosedale 

 Tel: 617-399-6935 

 Fax: 617-399-6930 

In the case of the Company: 

CorMedix, Inc. 

 86 Summit Avenue, Suite 301 

 Summit, NJ 07901 

 Attn: President 

 Tel: 

 Fax: 

16.10 
 Payment of Own Fees and Expenses 

Each of the Company and Licensor shall be responsible
for their own expenses relating to the preparation and consummation of this Agreement and, except as specified herein, the agreements
and transactions contemplated hereby. 

16.11 
 Severability 

The provisions of this Agreement are severable,
and in the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any controlling body of
law, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof. 

16.12 
 Waiver 

The failure of either party to assert a right
hereunder or to insist upon compliance with any term or condition of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse
a similar subsequent failure to perform any such term or condition by the other party. Any waiver of any rights or failure to act in a
specific instance relates only to that instance and is not an agreement to waive any rights or fail to act in any other instance. 

[Signature page to follow.] 

26 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement,
in triplicate by proper persons thereunto duly authorized. 

ND PARTNERS LLC 
 CORMEDIX, INC. 

By: Spinnaker Capital LLC, its Managing Member 

By: 
 /s/ Anastasios Parafestas 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Bruce Cooper 

Name: 
 Anastasios Parafestas 
 
 Name: 
 Bruce Cooper 

Title: 
 Manager 
 
 Title: 
 CEO 

Date: 
 1/30/08 
 
 Date: 
 1/30/08 

27 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_cormedixinc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement of CorMedix Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-170498, 333-192840, 333-212430, 333-235556, and 333-268019) and on S-3 (File
Nos. 333-211695, 333-223562, 333-227846, 333-249901, and 333-258756) of our report dated March 30, 2023 with respect to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of CorMedix Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CorMedix Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Marlton, New Jersey 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-2_cormedixinc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
of CorMedix Inc. (the Company on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-170498, 333-192840, 333-212430, 333-235556
and 333-268019) and on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-211695, 333-223562, 333-227846, 333-249901, and 333-258756) of our report dated March 29,
2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended
December 31, 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CorMedix Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.
We were dismissed as auditors on October 17, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect
to any financial statements incorporated by reference for the periods after the date of our dismissal. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

 Marlton, New Jersey 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_cormedixinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Joseph Todisco, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CorMedix Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

(c) Any
incidents of cybersecurity that have a significant impact on internal controls over financial reporting and financial statements. 

March
 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Joseph Todisco 

Name: 
 Joseph
 Todisco 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_cormedixinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Matthew David, certify that: 

1 I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CorMedix Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2 Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3 Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

c. Any
incidents of cybersecurity that have a significant impact on internal controls over financial reporting and financial statements. 

March
 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Matthew David 

Name: 
 Matthew
 David 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_cormedixinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CorMedix Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph Todisco, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

March
 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Joseph Todisco 

Name: 
 Joseph
 Todisco 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_cormedixinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CorMedix Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew David, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

March
 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Matthew David 

Name: 
 Matthew
 David 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 crmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 crmd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 crmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 crmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 crmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

