<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_744187_0000930413-23-001143.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6371791</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175815</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1482945</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1448666</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1499926</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1586702</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-23-001143.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330151732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-23-001143
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REX AMERICAN RESOURCES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000744187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				311095548
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09097
		FILM NUMBER:		23780267

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7720 PARAGON ROAD
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45459
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9372763931

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7720 PARAGON ROAD
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45459

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REX STORES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930915

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUDIO VIDEO AFFILIATES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-23-001143.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 c106065_10k-ixbrl.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF 

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2023 	COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller
reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicated by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previous issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive offices during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

At the close of business on July 31, 2022, the
aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (for purposes of this
calculation, 2,124,645 shares beneficially owned by directors and executive officers of the registrant were treated as being held by affiliates
of the registrant), was . 

There were shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023 

2 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Form 10-K contains or may contain forward-looking
statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements can be identified by use of forward-looking
terminology such as may, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate or
 continue or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Readers are cautioned that there
are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those referred to in such forward-looking
statements. These risks and uncertainties include the risk factors set forth from time to time in the Company s filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and include among other things: the effect of pandemics such as COVID-19 on the Company s business
operations, including impacts on supplies, demand, personnel and other factors, the impact of legislative and regulatory changes, the
price volatility and availability of corn, distillers grains, ethanol, non-food grade corn oil, gasoline and natural gas, commodity market
risk, ethanol plants operating efficiently and according to forecasts and projections, logistical interruptions, changes in the international,
national or regional economies, the impact of inflation, the ability to attract employees, weather, results of income tax audits, changes
in income tax laws or regulations, the impact of U.S. foreign trade policy, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the effects
of terrorism or acts of war. The Company does not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements except as required by law.
Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in Item
1A. 

Available
Information 

REX makes available free of charge on its Internet
website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as
soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. REX s Internet website
address is www.rexamerican.com. The contents of the Company s website are not a part of this
report. 

PART
I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

References to we , us ,
 our , REX or the Company refer to REX American Resources Corporation and its majority owned subsidiaries. 

Fiscal Year 

All references in this report to a particular
fiscal year are to REX s fiscal year ended January 31. We refer to our fiscal year by reference to the year immediately preceding
the January 31 fiscal year end date. For example, fiscal year 2022 means the period February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023. 

Corporate History and Background 

REX was incorporated in Delaware in 1984 as a
holding company. Our principal offices are located at 7720 Paragon Road, Dayton, Ohio 45459. Our telephone number is (937) 276-3931. 

In 2006, we started investing in ethanol production
facilities. We are currently invested in three ethanol production entities One Earth Energy, LLC One Earth ), NuGen
Energy, LLC NuGen ), and Big River Resources, LLC Big River ). We own a majority interest in One Earth and
NuGen. We also own a majority interest in an entity that owned and, until November 18, 2021, operated a refined coal facility. As we have
ceased operating the refined coal facility, we began classifying the financial results of the operating segment as discontinued operations.
We now have one reportable segment, ethanol and by-products. 

3 

General Overview 

We reported net income attributable to REX common
shareholders of 27.7 million in fiscal 2022 compared to approximately 52.4 million in fiscal 2021. Our ethanol business had reduced
profits in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 as a result of lower crush spreads in fiscal 2022. The two largest drivers of ethanol profitability
are corn and ethanol pricing, both of which experienced significant volatility within the year. Chicago Board of Trade corn prices per
bushel ranged from a low of 5.64 in July 2022 to a high of 8.18 in April 2022. S P Global Platts ethanol pricing per gallon ranged
from a low of 1.99 in February 2022 to a high of 2.88 in June 2022. 

The form and structure of our ethanol investments
are tailored to the specific needs and goals of each project and the local farmer group or investor with whom we partner. We generally
participate in the oversight of our projects through our membership on the board of managers of the limited liability companies that own
the plants. We provide management oversight and direction with respect to most aspects of plant operations for our consolidated ethanol
companies. We have equity investments in three entities engaged in the production of ethanol as of January 31, 2023. The following table
is a summary of our ethanol entity ownership interests at January 31, 2023: 

Entity 

REX s Current 
Ownership Interest 
 
 One Earth Energy, LLC 
 75.8 
 
 NuGen Energy, LLC 
 99.7 

Big River Resources, LLC: 

 Big River Resources W Burlington, LLC 

 Big River Resources Galva, LLC 

 Big River United Energy, LLC 

 Big River Resources Boyceville, LLC 

10.3 

 10.3 

 5.7 

 10.3 

The three entities own a total of six ethanol
production facilities, which in aggregate shipped approximately 691 millions gallons of ethanol over the twelve-month period ended January
31, 2023. REX s effective ownership of gallons shipped, for the twelve-month period ended January 31, 2023, by the ethanol production
facilities in which we have ownership interests was approximately 271 million gallons. 

Our ethanol operations are highly dependent on
commodity prices, especially prices for corn, ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil and natural gas, and availability of
corn. As a result of price volatility for these commodities, our operating results can fluctuate substantially. The price and availability
of corn is subject to significant fluctuations depending upon several factors that affect commodity prices in general, including crop
conditions, the amount of corn stored on farms, weather, federal policy, foreign trade and international disruptions caused by wars or
conflicts. Because the market prices of ethanol and distillers grains are not always directly related to corn prices (for
example, demand for crude and other energy and related prices, the export market demand for ethanol and distillers grains, soybean meal
prices, and the results of federal policy decisions and trade negotiations) , at times ethanol and distillers grains prices may
not follow movements in corn prices. In an environment of higher corn prices or lower ethanol or distillers grains prices, the overall
margin structure at the plants could be reduced. As a result, at times, we may operate our plants at negative or minimally positive operating
margins. 

We expect our ethanol plants to produce approximately
2.9 gallons of denatured ethanol for each bushel of grain processed in the production cycle. We refer to the actual gallons of denatured
ethanol produced per bushel of grain processed as the realized yield. We refer to the difference between the price per gallon of ethanol
and the price per bushel of grain (divided by the realized yield) as the crush spread. Should the crush 

4 

spread decline,
it is possible that our ethanol plants will generate operating results that do not provide adequate cash flows for sustained periods of
time. In such cases, production at the ethanol plants may be reduced or stopped altogether in order to minimize variable costs at individual
plants. 

We attempt to manage the risk related to the volatility
of commodity prices by utilizing forward grain and natural gas purchase contracts, forward ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade
corn oil sale contracts, and commodity futures agreements, as management deems appropriate. We attempt to match quantities of these sales
contracts with an appropriate quantity of grain purchase contracts over a given period of time when we can obtain an adequate gross margin
resulting from the crush spread inherent in the contracts we have executed. However, the market for future ethanol sales contracts generally
lags the spot market with respect to ethanol prices. Consequently, we generally execute fixed price contracts for no more than four months
into the future at any given time and we may lock in our corn or ethanol price without having a corresponding locked in ethanol or corn
price for short durations of time. As a result of the relatively short period of time our fixed price contracts cover, we generally cannot
predict the future movements in our realized crush spread for more than four months; thus, we are unable to predict the likelihood or
amounts of future income or loss from the operations of our ethanol facilities. 

On August 10, 2017, we purchased, through a 95.35 
owned subsidiary, for approximately 12.0 million, the entire ownership interest of an entity that owned a refined coal facility. We began
operating the refined coal facility immediately after the acquisition. As the plant was no longer eligible to receive federal production
tax credits beginning on November 18, 2021, we ceased operations on that date and subsequently sold the facility. We began classifying
this operation as discontinued operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Through our affiliate, One Earth Energy, LLC,
we are in the exploratory stage of a carbon sequestration project near the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. A test well has been drilled
to a total depth of approximately 7,100 feet, in which almost 2,000 feet of Mt. Simon Sandstone was encountered, which represents the
region s primary carbon storage resource. Three-dimensional seismic testing has been performed, as well as geological modeling for
predicting the movement of injected carbon and the plume area to determine maximum injection pressure, reservoir quality and storage capacity
for the potential wells. We have applied for a Class VI injection well permit for three wells with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA ). In addition, we have signed a construction contract to capture, dehydrate, and compress carbon to a state suitable
for sequestration for the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. We are currently working on an engineering design study for a short pipeline
to deliver carbon from the ethanol plant to the sequestration site. Although we have made meaningful progress, we continue to complete
documents required from various government agencies and obtain other approvals with no assurances of ultimate success. If successful,
we believe we would qualify for tax credits under section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code 45Q and section 45Z of the
Internal Revenue Code 45Z as outlined in the Inflation Reduction Act. 

During fiscal year 2013, we entered into a joint
venture to file and defend patents for eSteam technology. The patented technology is an enhanced method of heavy oil recovery involving
zero emissions downhole steam generation. To date, we have not successfully had a field operation nor demonstrated that the technology
is commercially feasible. We own 60 and our partner owns 40 of the entity named Future Energy, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company.
We have no current plans to operate this technology and are maintaining patents in limited countries. 

We plan to seek and evaluate various investment
opportunities including energy related, carbon sequestration, agricultural and other ventures we believe fit our investment criteria.
We can make no assurances that we will be successful in our efforts to find such opportunities. 

5 

Ethanol Industry 

Ethanol is a renewable fuel produced by processing
corn and other biomass through a fermentation process that creates combustible alcohol that can be used as a fuel additive to reduce vehicle
emissions from gasoline, as an octane enhancer to improve the octane rating of gasoline with which it is blended and, to a lesser extent,
as a gasoline substitute. The majority of ethanol produced in the United States is made from corn because of its wide availability and
ease of convertibility from large amounts of carbohydrates into glucose, the key ingredient in the fermentation process that is used in
producing alcohol. Ethanol production can also use feedstocks such as grain sorghum, switchgrass, wheat, barley, potatoes and sugarcane
as carbohydrate sources. Most ethanol plants have been located near large corn production areas, such as Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota,
Nebraska, Ohio and South Dakota. Railway access and interstate access are vital for ethanol facilities due to the large amount of raw
materials and finished goods required to be shipped to and from the facilities. An adequate supply of natural gas is key to maintaining
optimal operating levels. 

According to the Renewable Fuels Association RFA ),
the United States ethanol industry produced an estimated 15.4 billion gallons of ethanol in 2022, compared to 15.0 billion gallons in
2021. Approximately 1.4 billion gallons were exported from the United States in 2022. According to the RFA, the United States ethanol
industry consists of 199 plants in 25 states with an annual capacity of approximately 17.9 billion gallons of ethanol production. 

Domestic demand for ethanol is highly dependent
upon federal and state legislation and regulations. On December 19, 2007, the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (the Energy
Act of 2007 was enacted. The Energy Act of 2007 established new levels of renewable fuel mandates, including two different categories
of renewable fuels: conventional biofuels and advanced biofuels. The federal government mandates the use of renewable fuels under Renewable
Fuel Standard II RFS II ), established in October 2010. Corn-based ethanol is considered a conventional biofuel. There were
mandated volumes established as part of the RFS II for conventional and advanced biofuels through the year 2022. After 2022, RFS volumes
are to be determined by the EPA in coordination with the Secretaries of Energy and Agriculture. The mandated volumes for conventional
biofuel were to reach 15.0 billion gallons in 2015 and maintain that level until 2022. 

The EPA has proposed conventional renewable fuel
volumes of 15.0 billion gallons for 2023 and 15.25 billion gallons for both 2024 and 2025. Additionally, the proposal for 2023 also restores
the remaining 250 million gallons previously waived in 2016. 

Under RFS II, a small refiner that processes less
than 75,000 barrels of oil per day can petition the EPA for a waiver of their requirement to acquire and submit renewable identification
numbers RINs ). The EPA, through consultation with the Department of Energy and the Department of Agriculture, can grant
the refiner a full or partial waiver, or deny the waiver. The EPA issued 88 refinery exemptions for 2016-2018 compliance years, undercutting
the statutory renewable fuel volumes by a total of 4.3 billion gallons. The EPA has not granted any small refinery waivers for 2019-2022
and has continued that stance in the proposed volumes for 2023-2025. There remain multiple ongoing legal challenges on how the EPA has
handled the small refinery waivers. 

Ethanol Production 

The plants we
have invested in are designed to use the dry milling method of producing ethanol. In the dry milling process, the entire corn kernel is
first ground into flour, which is referred to as meal, and processed without separating out the various component parts
of the grain. The meal is processed with enzymes, chemicals and water, and then placed in a high-temperature cooker. It is then transferred
to fermenters where yeast is added and the conversion of sugar to ethanol begins. After fermentation, the resulting liquid is transferred
to distillation columns where the ethanol is separated from the remaining stillage for fuel uses. 

6 

The anhydrous ethanol
is then blended with a denaturant, such as natural gasoline, to render it undrinkable and thus not subject to beverage alcohol tax. With
the starch elements of the corn consumed in the above-described process, the principal by-product produced by the dry milling process
is dry distillers grains with solubles, or DDGS. DDGS is sold as a protein used in animal feed, which recovers a portion of the corn value
not absorbed in ethanol production. Depending on market and operating conditions, we may also sell modified distillers grains, or wet
distillers grains, by removing less liquid content compared to DDGS. We also generate revenues from the sale of non-food grade corn oil
produced at our facilities. Non-food grade corn oil is sold to the animal feed market, as well as biodiesel and other chemical markets.

The Primary Uses of Ethanol 

Blend component. Today,
much of the ethanol blending in the U.S. is done to meet the RFS. Most regular gasoline is produced using blendstock with an octane rating
of 84, which is then increased to 87 (the minimum octane rating required in most states) by adding 10 ethanol according to the RFA. The
industry is attempting to expand ethanol blending above the current 10 for most vehicles in use. The EPA has approved the use of 15 
ethanol E-15 ), which has an octane rating of 88, in gasoline for cars, SUV s and light duty trucks made in 2001 and
later. Previously, the EPA had not granted E-15 the same Reid vapor pressure RVP waiver as E-10 so it could only be sold
from September 16 through May 31 for those vehicles in most markets. In May 2019, the EPA finalized regulatory changes to allow the same
RVP waiver for E-15 for the summer months that it allows for E-10. However, in July 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit
overturned the EPA ruling and stated the EPA had exceeded its authority. Then in April 2022, the EPA issued an emergency waiver to allow
the sale of E-15 through May 20, 2022, and ultimately extended the waiver multiple times to allow for E-15 to be used throughout the remainder
of the 2022 summer months. Certain Midwest states petitioned the EPA to allow year round sales of E-15 in their states. On March 1, 2023,
the EPA proposed a rule to allow this to occur in eight states beginning in 2024. A public comment period on the proposed rule will be
open for 45 days. 

Clean air additive. Ethanol
is employed by the refining industry as a fuel oxygenate, which when blended with gasoline, allows engines to combust fuel more completely
than gasoline that has not been oxygenated and thus reduce emissions from motor vehicles. Ethanol contains 35 oxygen, which results in
more complete combustion of the fuel in the engine cylinder. Oxygenated gasoline is used to help meet certain federal and air emission
standards. 

Octane enhancer. Ethanol
increases the octane rating of gasoline with which it is blended. Octane is a measure of fuel performance. Ethanol is used by gasoline
suppliers as an octane enhancer both for producing regular grade gasoline from lower octane blending stocks and for upgrading regular
gasoline to premium grades. 

Legislation 

The United States ethanol industry is highly dependent
upon federal and state legislation. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of legislation affecting the U.S. ethanol industry. 

Refined Coal Facility 

On August 10, 2017, we purchased, through a 95.35 
owned subsidiary, the entire ownership interest of an entity that owned a refined coal facility. We began operating the refined coal facility
immediately after the acquisition. Using licensed technology, our plant applied two separate chemicals to convert feedstock coal into
refined coal, which was sold to the end user of the refined coal. The refined coal operating results were subsidized by federal production
tax credits through November 18, 2021, subject to meeting qualified emissions reductions as governed by Section 45 of the IRC. We ceased
operating the facility on November 18, 

7 

2021 and subsequently sold the facility. We began to report these results as discontinued operations
in the third quarter of 2021. 

Section 45 of the IRC was created by Congress
to encourage the development and use of environmentally sound solutions to control harmful emissions during energy production and to facilitate
and move the United States towards better compliance with global environmental energy standards. The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004
amended Section 45 of the IRC by adding provisions to incentivize the production of emission reducing refined coal. To qualify for tax
credits under Section 45 of the IRC, a process must reduce coal emissions of nitrogen oxide by 20 and either sulfur dioxide or mercury
by 40 . 

Facilities 

As of our fiscal year end, our consolidated ethanol
entities owned a combined 1,342 acres of land and two facilities that shipped a combined quantity of approximately 266 million gallons
of ethanol in fiscal year 2022. We also own our corporate headquarters office building, consisting of approximately 7,500 square feet,
located in Dayton, Ohio. 

Human Capital Resources 

The
attraction, retention and development of employees is critical to our success. We accomplish these objectives through a variety of actions,
including our competitive compensation policies, training initiatives and growth opportunities within our Company. At January 31, 2023,
we had 122 employees at our two consolidated ethanol plants and at our corporate headquarters. None of our employees are represented by
a labor union. We expect this employment level to remain relatively stable. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good . 

We took measures to protect
the health and safety of our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic while continuing to meet the needs of our customers. We continue to
monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, including our employees, and take appropriate actions to mitigate the impact,
including emphasizing CDC guidelines. 

We conduct regularly scheduled
safety meetings and require all employees to go through safety training. We evaluate employee safety incidents monthly and investigate
such incidents promptly. In addition, we conduct periodic safety audits performed by an independent third party. A portion of our incentive
compensation plan rewards employees for attaining certain safety goals. 

We believe we offer market competitive
compensation and benefit programs for our employees. In addition to competitive base wages, all employees are eligible for an incentive
compensation program, a Company matched 401(k) plan, healthcare benefits, and paid time off. 

Service Marks 

We have registered the service marks REX 
and Farmer s Energy with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We are not aware of any adverse claims concerning
our service marks. 

8 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

We encourage you to carefully consider the risks
described below and other information contained in this report when considering an investment decision in REX common stock. Any of the
events discussed in the risk factors below may occur. If one or more of these events do occur, our results of operations, financial condition
or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In this instance, the trading price of REX stock could decline, and investors might
lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to our Ethanol and By-Products
Business 

The ethanol industry is changing rapidly which
could result in unexpected developments that could negatively impact our operations. 

According to the RFA, the ethanol industry grew
from approximately 1.5 billion gallons of domestic annual ethanol production in 1999 to a peak of approximately 16.1 billion gallons in
2018. In 2022 and 2021, the industry produced approximately 15.4 and 15.0 billion gallons, respectively, with the reduction from the peak
year reflecting industry conditions and reduced demand. Thus, there have been significant changes in the supply and demand of ethanol
over a relatively short period of time which could lead to difficulty in maintaining profitable operations at our ethanol plants. 

The financial returns on our ethanol investments
are highly dependent on commodity prices, which are subject to significant volatility, uncertainty and regional supply shortages, so our
results could fluctuate substantially. 

The financial returns on our
ethanol investments are highly dependent on commodity prices, especially prices for corn, natural gas, ethanol, dried distillers grains,
non-food grade corn oil and unleaded gasoline. As a result of the volatility of the prices for these items, our returns may fluctuate
substantially and our investments could experience periods of declining prices for their products and increasing costs for their raw materials,
which could result in operating losses at our ethanol plants. 

Our returns on ethanol
investments are highly sensitive to grain prices. 

Corn is the principal raw material
our ethanol plants use to produce ethanol and by-products. As a result, changes in the price of corn can significantly affect our businesses.
Rising corn prices result in higher production costs of ethanol and by-products. Because ethanol competes with non-corn-based fuels, our
ethanol plants may not be able to pass along increased grain costs to our customers. At certain levels, grain prices may make ethanol
uneconomical to produce. 

The price of corn is influenced
by weather conditions and other factors affecting crop yields, transportation costs, farmer planting decisions, exports, foreign production,
the value of the U.S. dollar, and general domestic and foreign economic, market and regulatory factors, including, but not limited to,
the impacts from the Russian-Ukraine conflict. These factors include government policies and subsidies with respect to agriculture and
international trade and global and local demand and supply. The significance and relative effect of these factors on the price of corn
is difficult to predict. Any event that tends to negatively affect the production and/or supply of corn, such as adverse weather or crop
disease, could increase corn prices and potentially harm the business of our ethanol plants, to include intermittent production slowdowns
or stoppages. Increasing domestic ethanol production could boost the demand for corn and result in increased corn prices. International
demand for corn could also result in higher corn prices. Our ethanol plants may also have difficulty, from time to time, in physically
sourcing corn on economic terms due to regional supply shortages, transportation issues, delays in farmer marketing decisions or unfavorable
local pricing. The corn harvest near our NuGen facility 

9 

for 2022 was negatively impacted by dry weather and we expect will impact the
supply of corn until the 2023 harvest. Such a shortage or price impact could require our ethanol plants to suspend operations which would
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 

The spread between ethanol
and corn prices can vary significantly. 

The gross margin at our ethanol
plants depends principally on the spread between ethanol and corn prices. Fluctuations in the spread are likely to continue to occur.
A sustained narrow or negative spread, whether as a result of sustained high or increased corn prices or sustained low or decreased ethanol
prices, would adversely affect the results of operations at our ethanol plants. 

Our risk management strategies
may be ineffective and may expose us to decreased profitability and liquidity. 

In an attempt to partially offset
the impact of volatility of commodity prices, we enter into: i) forward contracts to sell a portion of our ethanol, distillers grains,
and non-food grade corn oil production and to purchase a portion of our corn and natural gas requirements and; ii) commodity futures and
swap agreements. The financial impact of these risk management activities is dependent upon, among other items, the prices involved and
our ability to receive or deliver the commodities involved. Risk management activities can result in financial loss when positions are
purchased in a declining market or when positions are sold in an increasing market. In addition, we may not be able to match the appropriate
quantity of corn contracts with quantities of ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil contracts. Further, o ur
results may be impacted by a mismatch of gains or losses associated with the positions during a reporting period when the physical commodity
purchase or sale has not yet occurred. We vary the amount and type of risk management techniques we utilize, and we may choose
not to engage in any risk management activities. Should we fail to properly manage the inherent volatility of commodity prices, our results
of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The market for natural
gas is subject to market conditions that create uncertainty in the price and availability of the natural gas that our ethanol plants use
in their manufacturing process. 

Our ethanol plants rely upon
third parties for their supply of natural gas, which is consumed as fuel in the production process. The prices for and availability of
natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by factors beyond the ethanol plants 
control, such as weather conditions, overall economic conditions, governmental regulation and foreign and domestic relations, including,
but not limited to, the impacts from the Russian-Ukraine conflict. Significant disruptions in the supply of natural gas could impair or
completely prevent the ethanol plants ability to economically manufacture ethanol for their customers. Furthermore, increases in
natural gas prices may adversely affect results of operations and financial position at our ethanol plants. 

Fluctuations in the selling price of commodities
may reduce profit margins at our ethanol plants. 

Ethanol is marketed as a fuel additive to reduce
vehicle emissions from gasoline, as an octane enhancer to improve the octane rating of gasoline with which it is blended and, to a lesser
extent, as a gasoline substitute. As a result, ethanol prices are influenced by the supply and demand for gasoline, and our ethanol plants 
results of operations and financial position may be materially adversely affected if gasoline demand decreases or the price of gasoline
declines making ethanol less economical. 

Distillers grains compete with other protein-based
animal feed products. The price of distillers grains may decrease when the prices of competing feed products decrease. The prices of competing
animal feed products 

10 

are based in part on the prices of the commodities from which these products are made. Historically, sales prices
for distillers grains have tracked along with the price of corn. However, there have been instances when the price increase for distillers
grains has lagged increases in corn prices. 

The production of distillers grains has increased
as a result of increases in dry mill ethanol production in the United States. This could lead to price declines in what we can sell our
distillers grains for in the future. Such declines could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Increased ethanol production
or decreases in demand for ethanol may result in excess production capacity in the ethanol industry, which may cause the price of ethanol,
distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil to decrease. 

According to the RFA, domestic
ethanol production capacity is approximately 17.9 billion gallons per year. Under RFS II, there were mandated volumes through 2022 for
conventional and advanced biofuels. After 2022, RFS volumes are to be determined by the EPA in coordination with the Secretaries of Energy
and Agriculture. The EPA has proposed conventional renewable fuel volumes of 15.0 billion gallons for 2023 and 15.25 billion gallons for
2024 and 2025. In addition, the proposal for 2023 also restores the remaining 250 million gallons previously waived in 2016. The implied
excess capacity over the EPA proposed volumes could have an adverse effect on the results of our operations. In a manufacturing industry
with excess capacity, producers have an incentive to manufacture additional products for so long as the price exceeds the marginal cost
of production (i.e., the cost of producing only the next unit, without regard for interest, overhead or fixed costs). This incentive could
result in the reduction of the market price of ethanol to a level that is inadequate to generate sufficient cash flow to cover costs. 

Excess capacity may also result
from decreases in the demand for ethanol, which could result from a number of factors, including, but not limited to, regulatory developments
and reduced U.S. gasoline consumption. Reduced gasoline consumption could occur as a result of increased prices for gasoline or crude
oil, which could cause businesses and consumers to reduce driving or acquire vehicles with more favorable gasoline mileage or acquire
non-gasoline powered vehicles. In addition, decreased overall economic activity could also lead to reduced gasoline consumption. 

In addition, because ethanol
production produces distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil as by-products, increased ethanol production will also lead to increased
supplies of distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil. An increase in the supply of distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil,
without corresponding increases in demand, could lead to lower prices or an inability to sell our ethanol plants distillers grains
and non-food grade corn oil production. A decline in the price of distillers grains or non-food grade corn oil could have a material adverse
effect on the results of our ethanol operations. 

The price of ethanol and distillers grains
may decline as a result of trade restrictions or duties on ethanol and distillers grains exports from the United States or from unfavorable
foreign currency exchange rates. 

If the United States were to withdraw from or
materially modify certain international trade agreements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. Ethanol and other products that we produce are sold into various other countries with trade agreements with the United
States. If tariffs were raised on the foreign-sourced goods that lead to retaliatory actions, it could have material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The United States exported approximately 1.4 billion
gallons of ethanol in 2022, up from approximately 1.2 and approximately 1.3 billion gallons in 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022 and
2021, approximately 11.4 

11 

and 11.6 million metric tons, respectively, of distillers grains were exported, which represented approximately
34 and 36 , respectively, of U.S production. If producers and exporters of ethanol and distillers grains are subject to trade restrictions,
or additional duties are imposed on exports, it may make it uneconomical to export these products. The industry has experienced various
trade policy disputes, tariffs and investigations in foreign countries that have adversely impacted the international demand for our products.
Reduced international demand could lead to further oversupply and reduce pricing. 

Future demand for ethanol is uncertain and
changes in overall consumer demand for transportation fuel could affect demand. 

There are limited markets for ethanol other than
what is federally mandated. Increased consumer acceptance of E15 and E85 fuel is likely necessary in order for ethanol to achieve significant
market share growth beyond federal mandate levels. 

Consumer demand for gasoline may be impacted by
emerging transportation trends, such as electric vehicles. Most automobile manufacturers have made varying levels of commitments to phase
out internal combustion engine production, such as General Motors with a target date of 2035 to phase out the production of gasoline and
diesel-powered vehicles and Nissan targeting the early 2030s to convert their entire fleet to electric vehicles. There also have been
pledges to ban the sale of internal combustion engines in countries such as Japan and the United Kingdom by 2035, as well as a statewide
ban in California, which several states are imitating. If realized, these bans would accelerate the decline of liquid fuel demand and
by extension demand for ethanol, biodiesel and renewable diesel. Recent federal legislation seeks to address the ever-increasing demand
for electric vehicle infrastructure. Reduced demand for ethanol could cause our results of operations to be materially impacted. 

We depend on our partners to operate certain
of our ethanol investments . 

Our investments currently represent both majority
and minority equity positions. Day-to-day operating control of minority owned plants generally remains with the local investor group.
We do not have the ability to directly modify the operations of these plants in response to changes in the business environment or in
response to any deficiencies in local operations of the plants. In addition, local plant operators, who also represent the primary suppliers
of corn and other crops to the plants, may have interests, such as the price and sourcing of corn and other crops, that may differ from
our interest, which is based solely on the operating profit of the plant. The limitations on our ability to control day-to-day plant operations
could adversely affect plant results of operations. 

We may not successfully acquire or develop
additional ethanol investments. 

The growth of our ethanol business
depends on our ability to identify and develop new ethanol investments. Our ethanol development strategy depends on referrals, and introductions,
to new investment opportunities from industry participants, such as ethanol plant builders and owners, financial institutions, marketing
agents and others. We must continue to maintain favorable relationships with these industry participants, and a material disruption in
these sources of referrals would adversely affect our ability to expand our ethanol investments. 

Any expansion strategy will
depend on prevailing market conditions for the price of ethanol and the cost of corn and natural gas and the expectations of future market
conditions. Additional financing may also be necessary to implement any expansion strategy, which may not be accessible or available on
acceptable terms. In addition, failure to adequately manage the risks associated with additional ethanol investments could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

12 

We may not successfully develop our planned
carbon sequestration facility near the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. 

The Company has committed significant time and
resources towards a carbon sequestration project near the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. The completion of this project requires numerous
government and landowner approvals. If we are not successful in obtaining all these approvals, we may not be able to complete this project
and could result in a write off of our commitments and investments. 

If we are not successful on this project, our
ethanol plant could be at a disadvantage in the industry as our inability to sequester our carbon could result in a higher carbon intensity
(CI) score than our competitors if they are able to sequester their carbon. If we are unable to reduce our CI score, we may not be able
to participate in the state and federal clean fuel programs, including federal tax credits outlined in the Inflation Reduction Act. 

Our ethanol plants may be adversely affected
by technological advances and efforts to anticipate and employ such technological advances may prove unsuccessful. 

The development and implementation of new technologies
may result in a significant reduction in the costs of ethanol production. For instance, any technological advances in the efficiency or
cost to produce ethanol from inexpensive cellulosic sources such as corn stalk, wheat, oat or barley straw could have an adverse effect
on our ethanol plants, because our plants are designed to produce ethanol from corn, which is, by comparison, a raw material with other
high value uses. We cannot predict when, or if, new technologies may become available, the rate of acceptance of new technologies by competitors
or the costs associated with new technologies. In addition, advances in the development of alternatives to ethanol could significantly
reduce demand for or eliminate the need for ethanol. 

Any advances in technology which require significant
unanticipated capital expenditures to remain competitive or which reduce demand or prices for ethanol would have a material adverse effect
on the results of our ethanol operations. 

In addition, alternative fuels, additives and
oxygenates are continually under development. Alternative fuel additives that can replace ethanol may be developed, which may decrease
the demand for ethanol. It is also possible that technological advances in engine and exhaust system design and performance could reduce
the use of oxygenates, which would lower the demand for ethanol. Reduced demand for ethanol could cause our results of operations to be
materially adversely affected. 

The U.S. ethanol industry is highly dependent
upon a myriad of federal and state legislation and regulation and any changes in legislation or regulation could materially and adversely
affect our results of operations and financial position. 

The renewable fuel standard program was authorized
under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and was expanded under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA). EISA increased the
amount of renewable fuel required to be blended into gasoline with RFS II and required a minimum usage of corn-derived renewable fuels
of 12.0 billion gallons in 2010, increasing annually by 600 million gallons to 15.0 billion gallons in 2015 through 2022, with no specified
volume subsequent to 2022. After 2022, RFS volumes are to be determined by the EPA in coordination with the Secretaries of Energy and
Agriculture. The EPA has the authority to assign the mandated amounts of renewable fuels to be blended into transportation fuel to individual
fuel blenders. RFS II has been a primary factor in the growth of ethanol usage. Over the past several years various pieces of legislation
have been introduced to the U.S. Congress that were intended to reduce or eliminate ethanol 

13 

blending requirements. To date, none of the
bills have been successful but they are an indication of the continued effort to undermine the EISA. 

The EPA has proposed conventional renewable fuel
volumes of 15.0 billion gallons for 2023 and 15.25 billion gallons for both 2024 and 2025. Additionally, the proposal for 2023 also restores
the remaining 250 million gallons previously waived in 2016. 

Obligated parties use RINs to show compliance
with RFS-mandated volumes. RINs are attached to renewable fuels by producers and detached when the renewable fuel is blended with transportation
fuel or traded in the open market. The market price of detached RINs affects the price of ethanol in certain markets and influences the
purchasing decisions by obligated parties. As a result of fluctuations in RINs pricing, certain obligated parties have petitioned the
EPA and filed court actions to change the point of obligation or to seek relief from their obligation. The EPA granted 88 total Small
Refinery Exemptions SREs for 2016 through 2018 totaling approximately 4.3 billion gallons. This action led to reduced
values for RINs, and further action could decrease RIN values and ethanol pricing. 

In January 2020, the U.S Court of Appeals for
the 10 th Circuit overturned the EPA s granting of refinery exemptions to three refineries on two separate grounds. The
Court ruled refineries are eligible for SREs only if such waivers are extensions of waivers granted in previous years. The refineries
did not qualify for waivers in the year prior to the year the EPA granted them. The Court also stated the disproportionate economic hardship
of SREs should be based solely on whether compliance with RFS II creates such hardship, not whether compliance and other issues create
the hardship. Two of the refiners appealed the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court, and on January 25, 2021, the Supreme Court partially
ruled in favor of the small refiners, but only as to the interpretation of extension of a waiver. 

Flexible fuel vehicles FFVs receive
preferential treatment in meeting federally mandated corporate average fuel economy CAFE standards for automobiles manufactured
by car makers. High blend ethanol fuels such as E-85 result in lower fuel efficiencies. Absent the CAFE preferences, car makers would
not likely build flexible-fuel vehicles. In recent years, automobile manufactures have backtracked in the production of FFVs for the U.S.
Any change in CAFE preferences could reduce the growth of E-85 markets and result in lower ethanol prices. 

Unfavorable changes in legislation or regulations
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

The inability to generate or obtain RINs could
adversely affect our operating results . 

Virtually all our ethanol is sold with RINs that
are used by customers to comply with RFS II. If our production does not meet EPA requirements for RIN generation, as an efficient producer,
in the future, we would have to purchase RINs in the open market or sell our ethanol at substantially lower prices to adjust for the absence
of RINs. The price of RINs varies based on many factors and cannot be predicted. Failure to obtain sufficient RINs or reliance on invalid
RINs could subject us to fines and penalties imposed by the EPA. 

Various studies have criticized the efficiency
of ethanol, in general, and corn-based ethanol in particular, which could lead to the reduction or repeal of incentives and tariffs that
promote the use and domestic production of ethanol or otherwise negatively impact public perception and acceptance of ethanol as an alternative
fuel. 

Although many trade groups, academics and governmental
agencies have supported ethanol as a fuel additive that promotes a cleaner environment, others have criticized ethanol production as consuming
considerably 

14 

more energy and emitting more greenhouse gases than other biofuels and as potentially depleting water resources. Other studies
have suggested that corn-based ethanol negatively impacts consumers by causing prices to increase for dairy, meat and other foodstuffs. 

If these views gain acceptance, support for existing
measures promoting use and domestic production of corn-based ethanol could decline, leading to reduction or repeal of these measures.
These views could also negatively impact public perception of the ethanol industry and acceptance of ethanol as an alternative fuel. 

Federal support of cellulosic ethanol may result
in reduced incentives to corn-derived ethanol producers. 

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009 and EISA provide funding opportunities in support of cellulosic ethanol obtained from biomass sources such as switchgrass and poplar
trees. These federal policies may suggest a long-term political preference for cellulosic processes using alternative feedstocks such
as switchgrass, silage or wood chips. Cellulosic ethanol has a smaller carbon footprint than corn-derived ethanol and is unlikely to divert
foodstuff from the market. Our plants are designed as single-feedstock facilities, located in corn production areas with limited alternative
feedstock nearby, and would require significant additional investment to convert to the production of cellulosic ethanol. The adoption
of cellulosic ethanol as the preferred form of ethanol could have a significant adverse effect on our ethanol business. 

Our ethanol business is affected by environmental and other regulations
which could impede or prohibit our ability to successfully operate our plants. 

Our ethanol production facilities are subject
to extensive air, water and other environmental regulations. We have had to obtain numerous permits to construct and operate our plants.
Regulatory agencies could impose conditions or other restrictions in the permits that are detrimental, or which increase our costs. More
stringent federal or state environmental regulations could be adopted which could significantly increase our operating costs or require
us to expend considerable resources. 

Our ethanol plants emit various airborne pollutants
as by-products of the ethanol production process, including carbon dioxide (a greenhouse gas). In 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court classified
carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle
emissions. In February 2010, the EPA released its final regulations on the Renewable Fuel Standard program. We believe our plants are
grandfathered up to certain operating capacity, but plant expansion requires us to meet a 20 threshold reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions from a 2005 baseline measurement to produce ethanol eligible for the RFS II mandate. To further expand our plant capacity, we
may be required to obtain additional permits, install advanced technology equipment, or reduce drying of certain amounts of distillers
grains. We may also be required to install carbon dioxide mitigation equipment or take other steps in order to comply with future laws
or regulations. Compliance with future laws or regulations with respect to emissions of carbon dioxide, or if we choose to expand capacity
at certain of our plants, compliance with then-current regulations of carbon dioxide, could be costly and may prevent us from operating
our plants as profitably, which may have a negative impact on our financial performance. We also face the risk of ethanol production above
our grandfathered capacity not qualifying for RINs if the plants do not meet certain emission requirements. 

The California Air Resources Board CARB adopted a Low Carbon Fuel Standard LCFS requiring a 10 reduction in GHG emissions from transportation fuels. An Indirect
Land Use Charge is included in this lifecycle GHG emission calculation. This standard could have an adverse impact on the market for corn-based
ethanol in California if corn-based ethanol fails to achieve lifecycle GHG emission reductions and in other states if they adopt similar
standards. This could have a negative impact on our financial performance. 

15 

Our ethanol business may become subject to
various environmental and health and safety and property damage claims and liabilities. 

Operation of our ethanol business exposes the
business to the risk of environmental and health and safety claims and property damage claims, such as failure to comply with environmental
regulations. These types of claims could also be made against our ethanol business based upon the acts or omissions of other persons.
Serious claims could have a material negative impact on our results of operations, financial position and future cash flows. 

During the early months of 2020, a new strain
of COVID-19 spread into the United States and other countries. 

In an effort to contain the spread of this virus,
there were various government mandated restrictions, in addition to voluntary privately implemented restrictions, including limiting public
gatherings, retail store closures, restrictions on employees working and the quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus.
The above actions led to reduced demand for ethanol. Although most restrictions have been lifted, if in the future the virus continues
to mutate or other viruses surface, it could lead to prolonged production stoppages at our ethanol plants and could result in an adverse
material impact on the results of operations and on our financial position. We idled our NuGen and One Earth ethanol plants for portions
of fiscal year 2020, largely due to the impact of the pandemic. 

Our business is not diversified. 

Our financial results depend heavily on our ability
to operate our ethanol plants profitably. Our lack of diversification could have a material negative impact on our results of operations,
financial position and future cash flows should our ethanol plants operate unprofitably. 

We may not be able to meet commitments to produce
and sell ethanol. 

We may, at times, sell our products with forward
contracts. If we are unable to produce the products due to economic conditions, business interruption, or other factors, we may incur
additional costs or have to obtain commodities at unfavorable prices to meet our contractual commitments. This could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

We may not be able to meet commitments to purchase
commodities. 

We may, at times, purchase certain commodities
with forward contracts without a corresponding quantity of ethanol sold via forward contracts at known prices. Should ethanol and by-product
prices decline to levels that would lead to significant unprofitable results of operations, we may incur additional costs and/or losses
to meet our contractual commitments. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our revenue from the sale of distillers grains
depends upon its continued market acceptance as an animal feed. 

Distillers grains is a by-product from the fermentation
of corn to produce ethanol. Antibiotics may be used during the fermentation process to control bacterial contamination; therefore, antibiotics
may be present in small quantities in distillers grains marketed as animal feed. The U. S. Food and Drug Administration s Center
for Veterinary Medicine has expressed concern about potential animal and human health hazards from the use of distillers grains as an
animal feed due to the possibility of antibiotic residues. If the public became concerned 

16 

about the impact of distillers grains in the
food supply or as an acceptable animal feed, the market for distillers grains could be negatively impacted, which would have a negative
impact on our results of operations. We may not be able to obtain a suitable replacement for antibiotics, should this be required, which
would also negatively impact the market for distillers grains. 

An estimated 34 of distillers grains produced
in the United States were exported in 2022. The price of distillers grains has benefitted from the exports of the product. In recent years,
certain countries have refused to import U.S. distillers grains for a variety of reasons. If export shipments are rejected or delayed,
the market price for distillers grains would be negatively impacted, which would have a negative impact on our ethanol results of operations. 

We extract non-food grade corn oil immediately
prior to the production of distillers grains. Several studies are attempting to determine whether non-food grade corn oil extraction may
impact the nutritional value of the resulting distillers grains. If it is determined that non-food grade corn oil extraction adversely
impacts the nutritional energy content of distillers grains, the value of the distillers grains we sell may be negatively impacted, which
would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

We face significant competition
in the ethanol industry. 

We face significant competition
for new ethanol investment opportunities. Many of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources and name recognition
than we do. We must compete for investment opportunities based on our strategy of supporting and enhancing local development of ethanol
plant opportunities. We may not be successful in competing for investment opportunities based on our strategy. 

The ethanol industry is primarily
comprised of entities that engage exclusively in ethanol production and large integrated grain companies that produce ethanol along with
their base grain business. Several large oil companies have entered the ethanol production market. If these companies increase their ethanol
plant ownership or if other oil companies seek to engage in direct ethanol production, there would be less of a need to purchase ethanol
from independent producers such as our ethanol plants. No assurance can be given that our ethanol plants will be able to compete successfully
or that competition from larger companies with greater financial resources will not have a materially adverse impact on the results of
our ethanol operations. 

We may face competition from
foreign producers. 

There is a risk of foreign competition
in the ethanol industry. Brazil is presently the second largest producer of ethanol in the world. Brazil s ethanol production is sugarcane
based, and, depending on feedstock prices, may be cheaper to produce than corn-derived ethanol. Under the RFS, certain parties were obligated
to meet an advanced biofuel standard. In recent years, sugarcane-based ethanol imported from Brazil has been one of the most economical
means for obligated parties to comply with this standard. 

If significant additional foreign
ethanol production capacity is created, such facilities could create excess supplies of ethanol, which may result in lower prices of ethanol.
In addition, foreign ethanol producers may be able to produce ethanol at costs lower than ours. These risks could have significant adverse
effects on our financial performance. 

We are exposed to credit
risk from our sales of ethanol and distillers grains to customers. 

The inability of a customer
to make payments to us for our accounts receivable may cause us to experience losses and may adversely impact our liquidity and our ability
to make our payments when due. 

17 

We may not be able to hire
and retain qualified personnel to operate our ethanol plants. 

Our ability to attract and retain
competent personnel has a significant impact on operating efficiencies and plant profitability. Competition for key plant employees in
the ethanol industry can be intense, and there has been an increased demand for workers in the U.S. We may not be able to attract and
retain qualified employees. Failure to do so could have a negative impact on our financial results at individual plants. 

Our plants depend on an uninterrupted supply of energy and water
to operate. Unforeseen plant shutdowns could harm our business. 

Our plants require a significant and uninterrupted
supply of natural gas, electricity and water to operate. We generally rely on third parties to provide these resources. If there is an
interruption in the supply of energy or water for any reason, such as supply, delivery or mechanical problems and we are unable to secure
an adequate alternative supply to sustain plant operations, we may be required to stop production. A production halt for an extended period
of time could result in material losses. 

We rely on information technology in our operations
and financial reporting and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach of that technology could harm our ability
to efficiently operate our business and report our financial results accurately and timely. 

We rely heavily on information technology systems
across our operations, including for management of inventory, purchase orders, production, invoices, shipping, accounting and various
other processes and transactions. Our ability to effectively manage our business, coordinate the production, distribution and sale of
our products and ensure the timely and accurate recording and disclosure of financial information depends significantly on the reliability
and capacity of these systems. While we have taken appropriate precautions to protect our systems, and to date, we have not experienced
any material adverse events related to a security breach or cyber-attack, the failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems
with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or a breach in security of these systems through a cyber-attack or otherwise could
cause delays and/or interruptions in plant operations, product sales, reduced efficiency of our operations and delays in reporting our
financial results. Significant capital investments could be required to remediate any such problem. Security breaches of employee information
or other confidential or proprietary data could also adversely impact our reputation and could result in litigation against us or the
imposition of penalties. 

We are exposed to potential business disruption
from factors outside our control, including natural disasters, severe weather conditions, accidents, pandemic diseases, international
disputes, and unforeseen operational failures any of which could negatively affect our transportation operations and could adversely affect
our cash flows and operating results. 

Potential business disruption in available transportation
due to natural disasters, severe weather conditions, the outbreak of a pandemic disease, significant track damage resulting from a train
derailment, strikes or other interruptions by our transportation providers could result in delays in procuring and supplying raw materials
to our ethanol facilities, or transporting ethanol and distillers grains to our customers. Such business disruptions may result in our
inability to meet customer demand or contract delivery requirements, as well as the potential loss of customers. 

18 

We ship much of our products and receive a
portion of our corn via rail, which involves risks involving potential regulatory changes that could adversely affect our cash flows and
operating results. 

A large portion of our ethanol and distillers
grains sales are shipped via rail. In addition, we receive some corn via rail. Given the notoriety of recent major train derailments,
it is possible that additional regulations could be enacted. Any changes to existing laws and regulations, or new laws and regulations,
including voluntary measures taken by the rail industry, could result in higher shipping costs, or new requirements for the design, construction
or operation of tank cars that transport hazard materials, such as ethanol. In addition, any derailments involving our products could
result in legal claims being brought against us that could involve significant liabilities. 

We operate in a capital intensive industry.
Limitations on external financing could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We may need to incur additional financing to fund
growth of our business or in times of increasing liquidity requirements (such as increases in raw material costs). Bankruptcy filings
by several ethanol companies in past years and capital market volatility has reduced available capital for the ethanol industry. Any delays
in obtaining additional financing, or our inability to do so, could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 

Risks Related to our Refined Coal Operations 

We believe our refined coal production company
qualified to earn tax credits under IRC Section 45 through November 18, 2021. Our ability to generate returns and avoid write-offs in
connection with this investment is subject to various risks and uncertainties. These include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties
as set forth below. 

Availability of the tax credits under IRC Section 45. 

Our ability to claim tax credits under IRC Section
45 depends upon our refined coal operation satisfying certain conditions set forth in IRC Section 45. The IRS could ultimately determine
that our refined coal facility and/or its operations did not satisfy the conditions set forth in IRC Section 45. This operation is currently
under audit by the IRS and if we were to lose these tax credits, it could have a material impact on our results of operations. 

Our refined coal operation and its by-products may result in environmental
and product liability claims and environmental compliance costs. 

The construction and operation of refined coal
operations were subject to Federal, state and local laws, regulations and potential liabilities arising under or relating to the protection
or preservation of the environment, natural resources and human health and safety. Such laws and regulations generally require the operations
and/or the utilities at which the operations are located to obtain and comply with various environmental registrations, licenses, permits,
inspections and other approvals. Such laws and regulations also impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of a party s
conduct, on certain entities that are considered to have contributed to, or are otherwise involved in, the release or threatened release
of hazardous substances into the environment. Such hazardous substances could be released as a result of burning refined coal in a number
of ways, including air emissions, wastewater, and by-products such as fly ash. One party may, under certain circumstances, be required
to bear more than its share or the entire share of investigation and cleanup costs at a site if payments or participation cannot be obtained
from other responsible parties. We may be exposed to the risk of becoming liable for environmental damage we may have had little, if any,
involvement in creating. Such risk remains even after production ceases at an operation to the extent the 

19 

environmental damage can be
traced to the types of chemicals or compounds used or operations conducted in connection with the use of refined coal. 

No assurances can be given that
contractual arrangements and precautions taken to ensure assumption of these risks by facility owners or operators will
result in that facility owner or operator accepting full responsibility for any environmental damage. It is also not uncommon
for private claims by third parties alleging contamination to also include claims for personal injury, property damage,
diminution of property or similar claims. Furthermore, many environmental, health and safety laws authorize citizen suits,
permitting third parties to make claims for violations of laws or permits and force compliance. Our insurance may not cover
all environmental risk and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event of an environmental claim. If
significant uninsured losses arise from environmental damage or product liability claims, or if the costs of environmental
compliance increase for any reason, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We will have to generate taxable income to
utilize the Section 45 federal production tax credits. 

If we do not generate sufficient taxable income
to utilize the tax credits earned by our refined coal operation, we could incur write-offs of the related tax attributes which could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We used patented technology. 

As part of the operations, we paid a license fee
for patented technology. If our third-party operator is subject to patent infringement claims, we may incur legal fees to defend our position
and be subject to additional costs and fees. 

Risks Related to REX and General Risk Factors 

We have concentrations of cash deposits at
financial institutions that exceed federal insurance limits. 

We generally have cash deposits that exceed federal
insurance limits. Should the financial institutions we deposit our cash in experience insolvency or other financial difficulty, our access
to cash deposits could be limited. In extreme cases, we could lose our cash deposits entirely. This would negatively impact our liquidity
and results of operations. 

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits
of mergers, acquisitions, or other investments. 

We intend to continue seeking growth opportunities.
Acquisitions and similar transactions involve many risks that could harm our business, which include: 

The anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be fully realized, or take longer to realize than
expected, 

Future acquisitions could result in operating losses or loss of investment, 

Future acquisitions may involve incurring debt to complete these transactions, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, and 

Future acquisitions may require us to invest a significant portion of our excess cash, which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

20 

Rising focus on environmental, social and corporate
governance matters from investors and regulators may increase our operating costs, bring down the value of our products and assets, and
impact our ability to access capital markets. 

Global climate change continues to receive significant
attention from the public and the scientific community concerning the impacts from human activity, particularly the impact of greenhouse
gas emissions, such as those from carbon dioxide and methane. The current federal administration s focus on environmental issues
has added pressure to take action domestically where there was already a heavier focus internationally. International, national, and local
regulations are likely to increase in the coming years. Added requirements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may increase our production
costs. In addition, legislation promoting alternatives to combustion engine vehicles could reduce the demand for our products. 

Climate change is also thought by some to be the
cause for an increase in extreme weather events such as increased intensity of storms, rising sea levels, as well as heavy rains or droughts
in areas historically less prone to those events. Any of these events can have a significant impact on our operations or quality of raw
materials we purchase, resulting in increased costs. At this time, we are unable to determine the financial impact of any potential adverse
weather events caused by climate change. 

Incremental to legislative and regulatory pressure,
institutional investors have continued to adopt environmental, social and governance guidelines (ESG). Some investors, including certain
public and private fund management firms, pension funds, university endowments and family offices, have in recent years, begun adding
stated policies to reduce or eliminate fossil fuel equities and encouraging additional consideration of ESG practices in a manner that
could negatively impact our stock price. This may also result in a reduction of available capital funding for potential development projects,
further impacting our future financial results. 

Federal, state and local jurisdictions may
challenge our tax return positions. 

We use significant judgments, estimates and interpretation
and application of complex tax laws in preparing the tax returns we file, and the positions contained therein. We believe that our tax
return positions are fully supportable. However, certain positions may be successfully challenged by federal, state and local jurisdictions.
We are currently undergoing a federal income examination related to tax credits claimed for the years ended January 31, 2015 through 2020.
This could result in material additional income tax payments we would have to make and higher income tax expense in future periods. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The information required by this Item 2 is set
forth in Item 1 of this report under Ethanol Investments and Facilities . 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are, from time to time, involved in various
legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of our business. We believe that any current proceedings will not have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

21 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

Set forth below is certain information about each
of our executive officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Stuart Rose 
 68 
 Executive Chairman of the Board 
 
 Zafar Rizvi 
 73 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Douglas Bruggeman 
 62 
 Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Edward Kress 
 73 
 Secretary 

Also serves as a director. 

Stuart Rose was elected our Executive Chairman
of the Board in 2015. Mr. Rose had served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since our incorporation in 1984 as
a holding company. Prior to 1984, Mr. Rose was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Rex Radio and Television, Inc., which
he founded in 1980 to acquire the stock of a corporation which operated four retail stores. 

Zafar Rizvi was elected Chief Executive
Officer in 2015. Mr. Rizvi has been our President and Chief Operating Officer since 2010, was Vice President from 2006 to 2010. From 1991
to 2006, Mr. Rizvi was our Vice President Loss Prevention. 

Douglas Bruggeman has been our Vice President Finance
and Treasurer since 1989 and was elected Chief Financial Officer in 2003. From 1987 to 1989, Mr. Bruggeman was our Manager of Corporate
Accounting. Mr. Bruggeman was employed with the accounting firm of Ernst Young prior to joining us in 1986. 

Edward Kress has been our Secretary since
1984. Mr. Kress has been a partner of the law firm of Dinsmore Shohl LLP (formerly Chernesky, Heyman Kress P.L.L.), our legal
counsel, since 1988. Mr. Kress has practiced law in Dayton, Ohio since 1974. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Shareholder Information 

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol REX. 

As of March 29, 2023, there were 71 holders of record of our common stock, including shares held in nominee or street name by brokers. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has no history of paying cash dividends
on our common stock. 

22 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

On August 31, 2021, our Board of Directors increased
our share repurchase authorization by an additional 1,500,000 shares (split-adjusted). At January 31, 2023, a total of 876,786 shares
remained available to purchase under this authorization. 

There were no share repurchases in the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

Refer to Item 12 Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information regarding shares authorized for issuance under
equity compensation plans. 

Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the yearly percentage
change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our Common Stock against the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Stock Index
and a peer group comprised of Alto Ingredients, Inc. and Green Plains, Inc. for the period commencing January 31, 2018 and ended January
31, 2023. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in our Common Stock and each index on January 31, 2018 and reinvestment of all dividends. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

23 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

We have been an investor in ethanol production
facilities beginning in 2006 and a refined coal production facility during the period from 2017 through November 2021. We currently have
equity investments in three ethanol production entities, two of which are majority ownership interests. Our refined coal business ceased
operations in November 2021 and the facility was subsequently sold. We have classified the refined coal business as discontinued operations.
We may make additional alternative energy investments in the future and are currently working on a carbon sequestration project near our
One Earth Energy location. 

Our ethanol operations are highly dependent on
commodity prices, especially prices for corn, ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil, and natural gas, and availability of
corn. As a result of price volatility for these commodities, our operating results can fluctuate substantially. The price and availability
of corn is subject to significant fluctuations depending upon a number of factors that affect commodity prices in general, including crop
conditions, the amount of corn stored on farms, weather, federal policy, foreign trade and international disruptions caused by wars or
conflicts. Because the market price of ethanol and distillers grains are not always directly related to corn prices (for example, demand
for crude and other energy and related prices, the export market demand for ethanol and distillers grains, soybean meal prices, and the
results of federal policy decisions and trade negotiations can impact ethanol and distillers grains prices), at times ethanol and distillers
grains prices may not follow movements in corn prices and, in an environment of higher corn prices or lower ethanol prices, reduce the
overall margin structure at the plants. As a result, at times, we may operate our plants at negative or minimally positive operating margins. 

We expect our ethanol plants to produce approximately 2.9 gallons of denatured ethanol for each bushel of grain processed in the production cycle. We refer to the
actual gallons of denatured ethanol produced per bushel of grain processed as the realized yield. We refer to the difference between
the price per gallon of ethanol and the price per bushel of grain (divided by the realized yield) as the crush spread. 
Should the crush spread decline, it is possible that our ethanol plants will generate operating results that do not provide adequate
cash flows for sustained periods of time. In such cases, production at the ethanol plants may be reduced or stopped altogether in
order to minimize variable costs at individual plants. 

We attempt to manage the risk related to the volatility
of commodity prices by utilizing forward grain and natural gas purchase contracts, forward ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade
corn oil sale contracts and commodity futures agreements, as management deems appropriate. We attempt to match quantities of these sales
contracts with an appropriate quantity of grain purchase contracts over a given period of time when we can obtain an adequate gross margin
resulting from the crush spread inherent in the contracts we have executed. However, the market for future ethanol sales contracts generally
lags the spot market with respect to ethanol price. Consequently, we generally execute fixed price contracts for no more than four months
into the future at any given time and we may lock in our corn or ethanol price without having a corresponding locked in ethanol or corn
price for short durations of time. As a result of the relatively short period of time our fixed price contracts cover, we generally cannot
predict the future movements in our realized crush spread for more than four months; thus, we are unable to predict the likelihood or
amounts of future income or loss from the operations of our ethanol facilities. We utilize derivative financial instruments, primarily
exchange traded commodity future contracts and swaps, in conjunction with certain of our grain procurement and commodity marketing activities. 

We reported net income attributable to REX common
shareholders of 27.7 million in fiscal 2022 compared to approximately 52.4 million in fiscal 2021. Our ethanol business had reduced
profits in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 as a result of lower crush spreads in fiscal 2022. The two largest drivers of ethanol 

24 

profitability
are corn and ethanol pricing, both of which experienced significant volatility within the year. Chicago Board of Trade corn prices per
bushel ranged from a low of 5.64 in July 2022 to a high of 8.18 in April 2022. S P Global Platts ethanol pricing per gallon ranged
from a low of 1.99 in February 2022 to a high of 2.88 in June 2022. 

On August 10, 2017, we purchased, through a 95.35 
owned subsidiary, the entire ownership interest of an entity that owned a refined coal facility. We began operating the refined coal facility
immediately after the acquisition. As the plant was no longer eligible to receive federal production tax credits beginning on November
18, 2021, we ceased operations on that date and subsequently sold the facility. We began classifying this operation as discontinued operations
in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. 

One
Earth Sequestration, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of One Earth Energy, LLC, is in the exploratory stage of a carbon sequestration project
near the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. A test well has been drilled to a total depth of approximately 7,100 feet, in which almost
2,000 feet of Mt. Simon Sandstone was encountered, which represents the region s primary carbon storage resource. Three-dimensional
seismic testing has been performed, as well as geological modeling for predicting the movement of injected carbon and the plume area to
determine maximum injection pressure, reservoir quality and storage capacity for the potential wells. We have applied for a Class VI injection
well permit for three wells with the EPA. 

In addition, we have signed a construction contract
to capture, dehydrate, and compress carbon to a state suitable for sequestration for the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. We are currently
working on an engineering Design study for a short pipeline to deliver carbon from the ethanol plant to the sequestration site. Although
we have made meaningful progress, we continue to complete documents required from various government agencies and obtain other approvals
with no assurances of ultimate success. 

During fiscal year 2013, we entered into a joint
venture to file and defend patents for eSteam technology. The patented technology is an enhanced method of heavy oil recovery involving
zero emissions downhole steam generation. To date, we have not successfully had a field operation nor demonstrated that the technology
is commercially feasible. We own 60 and our partner owns 40 of the entity named Future Energy, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company.
We have no current plans to operate this technology and are maintaining patents in limited countries. 

We plan to seek and evaluate various investment
opportunities including ethanol and/or energy related, carbon sequestration, agricultural or other ventures we believe fit our investment
criteria. We can make no assurances that we will be successful in our efforts to find such opportunities. 

Ethanol Investments 

In fiscal year 2006, we entered the ethanol industry
by investing in several entities organized to construct and subsequently operate, ethanol producing plants. We are invested in three entities
as of January 31, 2023, utilizing equity investments. 

25 

The following table is a summary of our ethanol
entity ownership interests at January 31, 2023: 

Entity 

REX s Current 
Ownership Interest 
 
 One Earth Energy, LLC 
 75.8 
 
 NuGen Energy, LLC 
 99.7 

Big River Resources, LLC: 

 Big River Resources W Burlington, LLC 

 Big River Resources Galva, LLC 

 Big River United Energy, LLC 

 Big River Resources Boyceville, LLC 

10.3 

 10.3 

 5.7 

 10.3 

The three entities own a total of six ethanol
production facilities, which in aggregate shipped approximately 691 millions gallons of ethanol over the twelve-month period ended January
31, 2023. REX s effective ownership of gallons shipped, for the twelve-month period ended January 31, 2023, by the ethanol production
facilities in which we have ownership interests was approximately 271 million gallons. 

Trends and Uncertainties 

Renewable Fuel Standard II RFS II ),
established in October 2010, has been an important factor in the growth of ethanol usage in the United States. In recent years, there
has been much uncertainty on the enforcement of RFS II. When it was originally established, RFS II required the volume of conventional 
or corn derived ethanol to be blended with gasoline to increase each year until it reached 15.0 billion gallons in 2015 and required that
it remain at that level through 2022. There are no established congressional target volumes beginning in 2023. The EPA has the authority
to waive the biofuel mandate, in whole or in part, if there is inadequate domestic renewable fuel supply or the requirement severely harms
the domestic economy or environment. In addition, under RFS II, a small refiner that processes less than 75,000 barrels of oil per day
can petition the EPA for a waiver of their requirement to submit renewable identification numbers RINs for the oil they
process. The EPA, through consultation with the Department of Energy and the Department of Agriculture, can grant the refiner a full or
partial waiver, or deny the waiver. The EPA issued 88 refinery exemptions for 2016-2018 compliance years, undercutting the statutory renewable
fuel volumes by a total of 4.3 billion gallons. 

On December 1, 2022, the EPA issued proposed
Renewable Fuel Standard volume obligations for calendar years 2023-2025. The proposed volumes from conventional biofuels (which includes
corn-based ethanol) were 15.0 billion gallons for 2023 and 15.25 billion gallons each for 2024 and 2025. They also proposed an additional
250 million gallon supplemental obligation for 2023 to make good on the shortfall from the 2016 compliance year. 

The USDA reported United States corn harvest
in 2022 was 13.7 billion bushels, a decrease of 9 from the prior year. The 2022 corn harvest near the NuGen Energy, LLC ethanol plant
was below average for that area, which has lead to increased corn cost and lower supply for that plant. 

Due to the Russian-Ukraine conflict, corn
and natural gas supplies worldwide have been adversely affected, which has contributed to volatility in the prices for both commodities
and has impacted corn availability in the United States. 

The recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 will likely impact our business by creating a new Clean Fuel Production Credit, section 45Z of the Internal Revenue Code 45Z ),
that would be dependent on the level of greenhouse gas emissions reduction for each gallon of ethanol produced and sold, available for
years 2025 to 2027. The Act also raises the carbon capture tax credit from 50 per metric ton to 85 per 

26 

metric ton, under section 45Q
of the Internal Revenue Code 45Q ). Taxpayers may elect to be treated as making a payment against tax for 100 of the value
of the 45Q credit direct pay for the first five years, starting with the year a qualifying carbon sequestration facility
is placed in service, but not beyond December 31, 2032. Companies may elect either the 45Q credit or the 45Z credit in periods in which
both tax credits are available. Other potential impacts include (a) extending the biodiesel tax credit, which could impact our renewable
corn oil values, as this co-product serves as a low-carbon feedstock for renewable diesel and biomass based diesel production; (b) creating
a new tax credit for sustainable aviation fuel; (c) funding biofuel refueling infrastructure which could impact the availability of higher
level ethanol blended fuel; and (d) providing for production and purchase credits for electric vehicles, which could impact the amount
of internal combustion engines on the road over time, and ultimately reduce the demand for gasoline, diesel fuels and ethanol. 

Should these trends and uncertainties continue,
our future operating results could be impacted. 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes our results from operations (amounts
in thousands): 

Fiscal Year 

2022 
 2021 

Net sales and revenue 
 855,000 
 774,802 
 
 Cost of sales 
 800,269 
 677,242 
 
 Gross profit 
 54,731 
 97,560 

Income before income taxes 
 47,479 
 75,838 

Provision for income taxes 
 (9,542) 
 (19,031) 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders (continuing operations) 
 27,697 
 47,572 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders (discontinued operations) 
 - 
 4,792 

27 

The following table summarizes net sales and revenue by product group
(amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal Year 

2022 
 2021 

Ethanol 
 649,501 
 613,597 
 
 Dried distillers grains 
 139,118 
 125,009 
 
 Non-food grade corn oil 
 55,595 
 38,852 
 
 Modified distillers grains 
 11,579 
 9,104 
 
 Derivative financial instruments losses 
 (1,024) 
 (12,109) 
 
 Other 
 231 
 349 
 
 Total, continuing operations 
 855,000 
 774,802 

Refined coal (discontinued operations) 1 
 - 
 400 

1 Refined coal sales were recorded net of the cost of
coal as the Company purchased the coal feedstock from the same customer to which the processed refined coal was sold. 

The following table summarizes selected operating data: 

Fiscal Year 

2022 
 2021 

Average selling price per gallon of ethanol (net of hedging) 
 2.44 
 2.21 
 
 Gallons of ethanol sold (in millions) 
 265.8 
 277.8 
 
 Average selling price per ton of dried distillers grains 
 232.98 
 197.86 
 
 Tons of dried distillers grains sold 
 597,126 
 631,818 
 
 Average selling price per pound of non-food grade corn oil 
 0.71 
 0.50 
 
 Pounds of non-food grade corn oil sold (in millions) 
 77.8 
 77.2 
 
 Average selling price per ton of modified distillers grains 
 123.66 
 85.19 
 
 Tons of modified distillers grains sold 
 93,637 
 106,864 
 
 Average cost per bushel of grain 
 7.24 
 5.99 
 
 Average cost of natural gas (per MmBtu) 
 6.66 
 4.27 

Comparison of Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 (Consolidated
Results) 

Continuing Operations 

Net Sales and Revenue Net
sales and revenue in fiscal year 2022 increased approximately 10 compared to fiscal year 2021. Quantities sold at our consolidated plants
during fiscal year 2022 did not change significantly from fiscal year 2021. Stronger commodity pricing in fiscal year 2022 contributed
to the increase in sales between the two fiscal years. 

Ethanol sales increased in fiscal year 2022 compared
to fiscal year 2021 as the average price per gallon increased 10 , offset partially by a decrease in gallons sold of 4 . The increase
in ethanol selling price resulted primarily from an increase in commodity prices. 

Dried distillers grains sales increased 11 in
fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 as the average price per ton sold increased 18 , offset by a decrease in tons sold
of 5 . The increase in the dried 

28 

distillers grains selling price resulted primarily
from an increase in corn prices as dried distillers grains prices often correlate with corn pricing. 

Non-food grade corn oil sales increased 43 in
fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 as the average selling price per pound increased approximately 42 . The
increase in the non-food grade corn oil selling price resulted primarily from an increase in demand from the biodiesel industry. 

Modified distillers grains sales increased 27 
in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 as the average selling price per ton increased 45 , offset partially by a 12 decrease
in the number of tons sold. The increase in the modified distillers grains selling price resulted primarily from an increase in corn prices
as distillers grain pricing often correlates with corn pricing. 

Losses on derivative financial instruments were
approximately 1.0 million during fiscal year 2022, compared to 12.1 million in fiscal year 2021. The decrease in losses on derivative
financial instruments resulted primarily from a decrease in activity by the Company within the ethanol derivatives market during 2022. 

Gross Profit Gross profit
for fiscal year 2022 decreased approximately 42.8 million, or 43.9 , over fiscal year 2021. Gross profit in fiscal year 2022 was 6.4 
of net sales and revenue, versus approximately 12.6 of net sales and revenue in fiscal year 2021. The primary contributor to the decrease
in gross profit was the decreased crush spread and higher natural gas prices. The crush spread for fiscal year 2022 was approximately
 0.02 per gallon of ethanol sold compared to approximately 0.16 per gallon of ethanol sold during fiscal year 2021. Given the inherent
volatility in ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil, grain and natural gas prices, we cannot predict the likelihood that
the spread between ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil and grain prices in future periods will be consistent with prices
in historical periods. 

Grain accounted for approximately 83 667.4
million) of our cost of sales during fiscal year 2022 compared to approximately 84 568.9 million) during fiscal year 2021. Natural
gas accounted for approximately 6 47.4 million) of our cost of sales during fiscal year 2022 compared to approximately 4 29.4 million)
during fiscal year 2021. Both the grain and natural gas dollar increases were primarily attributable to an increase in the cost per unit. 

We attempt to match quantities of ethanol, distillers
grains and non-food grade corn oil sale contracts with an appropriate quantity of grain purchase contracts over a given period of time
when we can obtain an adequate margin resulting from the crush spread inherent in the contracts we have executed. However, the market
for future ethanol sales contracts generally lags the spot market with respect to ethanol price. Consequently, we generally execute fixed
price contracts for no more than four months into the future at any given time and we may lock in our corn or ethanol price without having
a corresponding locked in ethanol or corn price for short durations of time. As a result of the relatively short period of time our fixed
price contracts cover, we generally cannot predict the future movements in our realized crush spread for more than four months. We utilize
derivative financial instruments, primarily exchange traded commodity future contracts and swaps, in conjunction with our grain procurement
and commodity marketing activities. 

Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses SG A expenses for fiscal year 2022 were approximately 29.0 million (3.4 of net sales and revenue), an increase
of approximately 0.5 million or 2 from approximately 28.5 million (3.7 of net sales and revenue) for fiscal year 2021. The increase
was due, in part, to higher incentive compensation associated with the new restricted stock units issued in May 2022, as well as an increase
in professional fees. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in outbound freight expense as
fewer sales contracts provided for shipping to be paid by us compared to fiscal year 2021, as well as a decrease in rail car lease expense. 

29 

Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Ethanol
Affiliates During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we recognized income of approximately 8.7 million and 6.6 million, respectively,
from our equity investment in Big River Resources, LLC Big River ). During
the second quarter of 2022, COVID-19 relief grants from the USDA received by Big River contributed 1.6 million to the increase in income
we recognized in 2022. Our investment in Big River, which has interests in four ethanol production plants, represents an effective
ownership of approximately 38.0 million gallons of ethanol shipped in the trailing twelve months ended January 31, 2023. 

We expect the operating experience of Big River
to be generally consistent with the trends in crush spread margins described in the Overview section as Big River s
results are dependent on the same key drivers as our other ethanol investments (ethanol, corn, dried distillers grains and natural gas
pricing). 

Interest and Other Income 
Interest and other income for fiscal year 2022 was approximately 13.0 million compared to approximately 0.1 million for fiscal year
2021. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company s consolidated plants received
COVID-19 relief grants from the USDA totaling approximately 7.8 million based on reduced production in 2020. The remaining increase is
primarily due to an increase in interest income as yields on our excess cash increased during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year
2021. 

Income from Continuing Operations Before
Income Taxes As a result of the foregoing, income from continuing operations before income taxes was approximately 47.5
million for fiscal year 2022 versus approximately 75.8 million for fiscal year 2021. 

Provision for Income Taxes 
Our effective tax rate was a provision of 20.1 and 25.1 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our effective rate is impacted
by the noncontrolling interests of the companies we consolidate, as we recognize 100 of their income or loss before income taxes and
noncontrolling interests. However, we only provide an income tax provision or benefit for our portion of the subsidiaries income or loss.
During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, our effective tax rate decreased 5.4 (approximately 2.5 million) and 6.8 (approximately 5.2 million),
respectively, from the statutory rate, as a result of research and experimentation credits from our ethanol plants. The amount of these
credits earned in future periods will vary depending on the level of qualifying research expenditures at our ethanol plants and changes
in tax law. The provision for uncertain tax positions increased our effective tax rate 4.8 (approximately 2.3 million) and 10.9 (approximately
 8.3 million) in fiscal year 2022 and 2021, respectively, from the statutory rate. 

Net Income from Continuing Operations 
 As a result of the foregoing, net income from continuing operations was approximately 37.9 million for fiscal year 2022 versus
approximately 56.8 million for fiscal year 2021. 

Noncontrolling Interests (continuing operations)
 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests (continuing operations) was approximately 10.2 million and 9.2 million
during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, and represents the other owners share of the income of NuGen and One Earth. 

Net Income Attributable to REX Common Shareholders
(continuing operations) As a result of the foregoing, net income attributable to REX common shareholders (continuing operations)
was approximately 27.7 million for fiscal year 2022 compared to 47.6 million for fiscal year 2021. 

Discontinued Operations 

The Company
ceased operation of its refined coal business as tax credits could no longer be earned on its operation beginning November 18, 2021. Beginning
in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021, the results of the operation of the refined coal business have been recognized as discontinued
operations. The refined coal 

30 

business operated at a pre-tax loss but generated tax credits that normally exceeded the operating loss.
There was no activity related to the discontinued operations in fiscal year 2022. 

Gross loss was approximately 8.2 million in fiscal
year 2021. The benefit for income taxes was approximately 13.3 million This amount includes the benefit of
Section 45 production tax credits and a benefit related to operating loss before income taxes. Loss related to noncontrolling interests
was approximately 0.4 million during fiscal year 2021. This amount represents the other owner s
share of the pre-tax loss of refined coal operations. Net income attributable to REX common shareholders
from discontinued operations, net of tax, for fiscal year 2021 was approximately 4.8 million. 

Net Income 

As a result of the foregoing, including results
from both continuing and discontinued operations, net income attributable to REX common shareholders was approximately 27.7 million and
approximately 52.4 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Comparison of Fiscal Years 2021 and 2020 

See Item 7 Management s discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31,
2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of cash have been income from
operations. Our primary uses of cash have been capital expenditures at our ethanol plants, stock repurchases, payments to noncontrolling
interests holders and, in prior years, contributions to fund refined coal operating losses. 

Outlook Our cash and short-term
investments balance of approximately 280.9 million at January 31, 2023 included approximately 238.8 million held by One Earth and NuGen.
We expect that One Earth and NuGen will use a majority of their cash for working capital needs, capital expenditures, general corporate
purposes and dividend payments. One Earth Energy is currently working on a carbon sequestration project and is expected to have related
capital expenditure needs. We expect our equity method investee to limit the payment of dividends based upon working capital and capital
expenditure needs. 

We are investigating various uses of our excess
cash. We have a stock buyback program with an authorization level of an additional approximately 877,000 shares at January 31, 2023. We
typically repurchase our common stock when our stock price is trading at prices we deem to be a discount to the underlying value of our
net assets. We plan to seek and evaluate various investment opportunities including ethanol and/or energy related, carbon sequestration
related, agricultural or other ventures we believe fit our investment criteria. 

Depending on progress made on our carbon sequestration
project, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of approximately 60 million to 70 million in fiscal year 2023 for various
expansion and CI score reduction projects at our consolidated ethanol plants. However, actual capital expenditures could vary from this
range for unexpected expenditures as our plants continue to age or potential projects materialize. We expect to fund these capital expenditures
with available cash at our ethanol plant subsidiaries. 

Operating Activities Net
cash provided by operating activities was approximately 54.8 million for fiscal year 2022 compared to approximately 91.7 million in
fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2022, operating cash flow was provided by net income from continuing operations of approximately
 37.9 million and adjustments of approximately 14.6 million, which consisted of depreciation, amortization of operating lease right-of-use
assets, stock-based compensation expense, income from equity method investments, interest 

31 

income from investments, and the deferred income
tax provision. Big River paid dividends to REX of approximately 6.3 million during fiscal year 2022. Accounts receivable decreased approximately
 0.7 million, primarily a result of the timing of products shipped and the receipt of customer payments at One Earth and NuGen. Inventory
increased approximately 6.5 million, primarily a result of larger quantities of work-in-process materials and higher per unit costs
at January 31, 2023. Prepaid expenses and other assets increased approximately 0.5 million, primarily a result of an increase in spare
parts of approximately 1.1 million and in prepaid insurance of 0.3 million, offset by a decrease in the fair values of forward purchase
contracts of 0.9 million. Accounts payable increased approximately 1.5 million, primarily a result of the timing of inventory receipts
and vendor payments. Refundable income taxes decreased 3.7 million as a result of the timing of estimated tax payments. Accrued expenses
and other liabilities decreased approximately 2.8 million, which was primarily a result of operating lease payments of approximately
 5.0 million partially offset by an increase in accrued income taxes of approximately 2.0 million. 

Net cash provided by operating activities was
approximately 91.7 million for fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2021, operating cash flow was provided by net income from continuing
operations of approximately 56.8 million and adjustments of approximately 31.4 million, which consisted of depreciation, amortization
of operating lease right-of-use assets, stock-based compensation expense, income from equity method investments, interest income from
investments, and the deferred income tax provision. Big River paid dividends to REX of approximately 5.5 million during fiscal year 2021.
 Accounts receivable increased approximately 6.1 million, primarily a result of the
timing of products shipped and the receipt of customer payments at One Earth and NuGen. Inventory increased approximately 4.8 million,
primarily a result of larger quantities of raw materials and higher per unit costs at January 31, 2022. Prepaid expenses and other assets
decreased approximately 0.2 million, primarily a result of a slight change in fair values of forward purchase contracts. Accounts payable
increased approximately 16.0 million, primarily a result of the timing of inventory receipts and vendor payments. Refundable income taxes
increased 1.1 million as a result of the timing of estimated tax payments. Accrued expenses and other liabilities increased approximately
 0.5 million, which was primarily a result of higher incentive compensation in fiscal year 2021, offset partially by operating lease payments
made. Discontinued operations used cash of 6.7 million in fiscal year 2021. 

Investing Activities Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 198.5 million during fiscal year 2022 compared to net cash provided by investing
activities of approximately 5.3 million during fiscal year 2021. Capital expenditures in fiscal year 2022 totaled approximately 15.6
million, the majority of which were various projects at One Earth s and NuGen s ethanol plants, including approximately 10.6
million related to the carbon sequestration project near the One Earth Energy ethanol plant. During fiscal year 2022, we used cash of
approximately 399.4 million for purchases of short-term investments and received cash of approximately 216.7 million related to maturities
of these investments as certain of these investments remained outstanding at January 31, 2023. 

Net cash provided by investing activities was
approximately 5.3 million during fiscal year 2021. Capital expenditures in fiscal year 2021 totaled approximately 5.1 million, the majority
of which were various projects at One Earth s and NuGen s ethanol plants. During fiscal year 2021, we used cash of approximately
 88.9 million for purchases of short-term investments and received cash of approximately 99.3 million related to maturities of these
investments. 

Financing Activities Net
cash used in financing activities was approximately 17.0 million during fiscal year 2022 compared to approximately 11.1 million for
fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2022, we purchased approximately 471,000 shares of our common stock for approximately 13.0 million
in open market transactions. During fiscal year 2022, we used cash of approximately 4.0 million to purchase shares from and pay dividends
to noncontrolling members of the entities that own One Earth s and NuGen s ethanol plants. 

Net cash used in financing activities was approximately
 11.1 million during fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2021, we purchased approximately 252,000 shares of our common stock for approximately
 6.6 million 

32 

in open market transactions. During fiscal year 2021, we used cash of approximately 4.8 million to purchase shares from
and pay dividends to noncontrolling members of the entities that own One Earth s and NuGen s ethanol plants. During fiscal
year 2021, we received approximately 0.3 million in capital contributions from the minority investor in the refined coal business which
is now classified as discontinued operations. 

Based on our forecasts, which are primarily based
on estimates of plant production, prices of ethanol, corn, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil and natural gas as well as other
assumptions, management believes that cash flow from operating activities together with working capital will be sufficient to meet One
Earth s and NuGen s respective liquidity needs. However, if a material adverse change in the financial position of One Earth
or NuGen should occur, or if actual sales or expenses are substantially different than what has been forecasted, One Earth s and
NuGen s liquidity, and ability to fund future operating and capital requirements could be negatively impacted. 

Approximately 2.6 of our net assets are restricted
pursuant to the terms of various loan agreements of our equity method investee as of January 31, 2023. None of our consolidated subsidiaries
or the parent company has restricted net assets at January 31, 2023. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into
agreements under which we are legally obligated to make future cash payments. These agreements include obligations related to purchasing
inventory and natural gas and leasing rail cars. Aggregate minimum lease payments under the operating lease agreements for future fiscal
years as of January 31, 2023 totaled 17.0 million, with 5.6 million payable in the next twelve months. Refer to Note 7 Leases
included in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information. As of January 31, 2023, we had contracted future purchases
of grain, natural gas, natural gas pipeline lease and other contracts for capital expenditures at our ethanol plants valued at approximately
 87.7 million, with 75.1 payable in the next twelve months. Refer to Note 11 Commitments included in the notes to consolidated
financial statements for more information. 

Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations 

Our business is directly affected by the supply
and demand for ethanol. The demand for ethanol typically increases during the spring and summer months and during holiday travel. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We believe the application of the following accounting
policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, require significant assumptions, judgments and estimates
on the part of management. We base our assumptions, judgments, and estimates on historical experience, current trends and other factors
that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management
reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty,
actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. Further, if different assumptions,
judgments and estimates had been used, the results could have been different and such differences could be material. For a summary of
all of our accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Management believes that the following accounting
policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. 

33 

Revenue Recognition We recognize
sales of ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil when obligations under the terms of the respective contracts with customers
are satisfied; this occurs with the transfer of control of products, generally upon shipment from the ethanol plant or upon loading of
the rail car used to transport the products. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
We review our long-lived assets, consisting of property and equipment, equity method investments and operating lease right-of-use assets,
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. We assess
long-lived assets for impairment by first determining the forecasted, undiscounted cash flows the asset group is expected to generate.
If this total is less than the carrying value of the asset, we will then determine the fair value of the asset group. An impairment loss
would be recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeded the fair value of the asset. Significant management
judgement is required to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, which includes discounted cash flows. Such estimates could be
significantly affected by future changes in market conditions. We recorded no impairment charges in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020.
During fiscal year 2020, we concluded the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our industry and our operating results was an indicator that
impairment may exist related to certain of our long-lived assets. As a result, we performed a recoverability test for the One Earth and
NuGen asset groups (the lowest level at which related cash flows can be identified) and determined that there was no impairment as the
gross undiscounted future cash flows substantially exceeded the respective carrying values. 

Income Taxes Income taxes
are recorded based on the current year amounts payable or refundable, as well as the consequences of events that give rise to deferred
tax assets and liabilities based on differences in how those events are treated for tax purposes, net of valuation allowances. We base
our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates and other expectations about future outcomes. Changes
in existing regulatory tax laws and rates and future business results may affect the amount of deferred tax liabilities or the valuation
of deferred tax assets over time. We have established valuation allowances for certain state net operating loss carryforwards. We assessed
all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether we expect sufficient future taxable income will be generated to allow
for the realization of existing federal deferred tax assets. We believe there is sufficient objectively verifiable income for management
to conclude that it is more likely than not that the Company will utilize available federal deferred tax assets prior to their expiration.
However, realization of these deferred tax assets is not certain. Changes in our current estimates for factors such as unanticipated market
conditions and legislative developments could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

For information related to recent accounting
pronouncements, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

34 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations
associated with commodity prices as discussed below. 

Commodity Price Risk 

We manage a portion of our risk with respect to
the volatility of commodity prices inherent in the ethanol industry by using forward purchase and sale contracts. At January 31, 2023,
One Earth and NuGen combined had purchase commitments for approximately 18.0 million bushels of corn, the principal raw material for their
ethanol plants. At January 31, 2023, One Earth and NuGen combined had purchase commitments for approximately 2.7 million MmBtu of natural
gas. At January 31, 2023, One Earth and NuGen had combined sales commitments for approximately 46.5 million gallons of ethanol, 101,000
tons of distillers grains and 9.9 million pounds of non-food grade corn oil. Not all of our commitments are at fixed price. Our exposures
to market risk, which include the impact of our risk management activities, are based on the estimated effect on pre-tax income starting
on January 31, 2023, are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Commodity 
 Estimated Total Volume for the
 
Next 12 Months 
 Unit of Measure 
 Decrease in Pre-tax Income From a 10 
 Adverse Change in Price 

Ethanol 
 284,000 
 Gallons 
 60,787 
 
 Corn 
 101,429 
 Bushels 
 68,587 
 
 Distillers Grains 
 730 
 Tons 
 14,581 
 
 Non-food grade Corn Oil 
 82,435 
 Pounds 
 5,200 
 
 Natural Gas 
 7,400 
 MmBtu 
 2,067 

35 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

January 31, 
 
 ASSETS 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Refundable income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment - net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Equity method investments 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable trade (includes million and million with related parties at January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Deferred taxes 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Notes 11 and 13) 

EQUITY: 

REX shareholders equity: 

Common stock, shares authorized, shares issued at par 

Paid in capital 
 
 - 
 
 Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, and shares, respectively 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total REX shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

36 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

Years Ended January 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net sales and revenue 

Cost of sales (includes million, million and million with related parties for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

Interest and other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

(Provision) benefit for income taxes 
 ) 
 ) 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (continuing operations) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net income attributable to REX common shareholders (continuing
 operations) 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax (includes expense of million and ) million with related parties for the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 - 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (discontinued operations) 
 - 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders
 (discontinued operations) 
 - 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share from continuing operations attributable to REX common shareholders 

Basic and diluted net income per share from discontinued operations attributable to REX common shareholders 
 - 

Basic and diluted net income per share attributable to REX common shareholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

37 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023, 2022 AND 2021 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

REX Shareholders 

Common Shares 
Issued 
 Treasury 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at January 31, 2020 

) 

Net income 

Capital contributions 

Treasury stock acquired 

) 

) 

Noncontrolling interests distribution and other 

) 
 ) 

Issuance of equity awards and stock based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at January 31, 2021 

) 
 - 

Net income 

Capital contributions 

Treasury stock acquired 

) 

) 

Noncontrolling interests distribution and other 

) 
 ) 

Issuance of equity awards and stock based compensation expense 
 -
 
 -
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 -

Balance at January 31, 2022 

) 
 - 

Net income 

Treasury stock acquired 

) 

) 

Noncontrolling interests distribution and other 

) 
 ) 

Issuance of equity awards and stock based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 ) 

- 

Balance at January 31, 2023 

) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

38 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

Years Ended January 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income including noncontrolling interests 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 - 

Net income from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Stock based compensation expense 

Income from equity method investments 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Dividends received from equity method investments 

Interest income from investments 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 (Gain) loss on disposal of real estate and property and equipment 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Deferred income tax 

) 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Inventory 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Income taxes refundable 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Accounts payable-trade 

) 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital expenditures 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Purchases of short-term investments 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Sales of short-term investments 

Proceeds from sale of real estate and property and equipment 

Deposits 
 ) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Treasury stock acquired 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Payments to noncontrolling interests holders 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND
 RESTRICTED CASH 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH-Beginning of year 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH-End of year 

Continued on the following page 

39 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Amounts in Thousands) 

Continued from the previous page 

Non cash financing activities-Stock awards issued 

Non cash financing activities-Stock awards accrued 

Non cash investing activities-Accrued capital expenditures 

Right-of-use assets acquired and liabilities incurred upon lease execution 

Reconciliation of total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

40 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

operating
entities are consolidated and is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The results of One Earth
are included on a delayed basis of one month lag as One Earth has a fiscal year end of December 31. The other consolidated entity
has the same fiscal year end as the parent company. 

reportable segment, ethanol and by-products. Within the ethanol and
by-products segment, the Company has equity investments in three ethanol limited liability companies, two of which are majority
ownership interests. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current segment reporting. 

(fiscal year 2022), (fiscal year 2021), and (fiscal year 2020) customers accounted for approximately , ,
and of the 

41 

and , respectively, of the Company s accounts receivable balance. The Company has not experienced any significant
losses in such accounts. 

and million of inventory write-downs in cost of sales at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively. Fluctuations
in the write-down of inventory generally relate to the levels and composition of such inventory at a given point in time and commodity
prices . 

Work in process 

Grain and other raw materials 

Total 

. Estimated useful lives are to 
for buildings and improvements, and to for fixtures and equipment. 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery, equipment and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

42 

million, million, and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

ownership interest, using the equity method
of accounting when the factors discussed in ASC 323 Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures are met.
The excess of the carrying value over the underlying equity in the net assets of equity method investees is allocated to specific
assets and liabilities. Investments in businesses that the Company does not control but for which it has the ability to exercise
significant influence over operating and financial matters are accounted for using the equity method. The Company accounts for
its investment in Big River using the equity method of accounting and includes the results of Big River on a delayed basis of one
month as it has a fiscal year end of December 31. 

43 

, , and in
fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, associated with contracts not accounted
for under the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception of ASC 815 at January 31, 2023. The Company recorded
an asset of approximately million at January 31, 2022 associated with contracts not accounted for under the normal
purchases and normal sales scope exemption of ASC 815. 

shares of common
stock for issuance pursuant to its terms. The plan provides for the granting of shares of stock, including options to purchase
shares of common stock, stock appreciation rights tied to the value of common stock, restricted stock, and restricted stock unit
awards to eligible employees, non-employee directors and consultants. The Company measures share-based compensation grants at fair
value on the grant date, adjusted for estimated forfeitures. The Company records noncash compensation expense related to equity
and liability awards in its consolidated financial statements over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. See Note
10 for a further discussion of restricted stock. 

million from this program,
which was recorded within Interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal
year 2022. The Company has no further reporting or other obligations related to the receipt of these funds. 

44 

45 

Dried distillers grains 

Non-food grade corn oil 

Modified distillers grains 

Derivative financial instruments losses 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Other 

Total sales 

Sales of products, discontinued
 operations: 

Refined coal 1 
 -

Ownership percentage 

million in Big River which is a holding company for several entities. Big River, through its various entities (both wholly
and partially owned), operates four ethanol manufacturing facilities, that combined shipped approximately million gallons
of ethanol in the twelve months ended January 31, 2023. The Company recorded income of approximately million, million,
and million as its share of earnings from Big River during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company received
dividends of approximately million, million, and million from Big River during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020,
respectively. At January 31, 2023, the carrying value of the investment in Big River was approximately million; the amount
of underlying equity in the net assets of Big River was approximately million. 

46 

Non current assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Noncontrolling interests 

Gross profit 

Income from continuing operations 

Net income 

million; the Company s proportionate share of restricted net assets of
Big River is approximately million. 

million. The contractual maturity of these investments was less than one year. The yield to maturity rate was approximately
 . Unrealized gains or losses were insignificant. 

million. The contractual maturity of these investments was less than one year. The yield to maturity rate was approximately
 . Unrealized gains or losses were insignificant. 

47 

48 

-

Commodity futures (4) 
 -

-

Investment in cooperative (2) 
 -
 
 -

Total assets 
 - 

Forward purchase contracts liability (5) 
 -

-

Commodity futures (3) 
 -

-

Total liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

-

Investment in cooperative (2) 
 -
 
 -

Total assets 
 - 

Commodity futures (3) 
 -

-

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

49 

Other 

Total 

Accrued utility charges 

Accrued transportation related items 

Commodity futures 

Forward purchase contracts 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued real estate taxes 

Accrued income taxes 

Other 

Total 

50 

Variable lease expense 

Total lease expense 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: present value discount 

Operating lease liabilities 

years, and the weighted average discount rate was for the above leases. 

years and the weighted average discount rate was . 

stock dividend, payable on August 5, 2022 to stockholders of record at the close of business on July 29,
2022. The stock split has been retroactively reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

51 

shares, shares, and shares of its common stock for approximately
 million, million, and million, respectively. At January 31, 2023, the Company had prior authorization by its Board
of Directors to purchase, in open market transactions, an additional approximately shares of its common stock. 

Issued shares 

Outstanding shares 

-

Forward purchase contracts (2) 

-

million bushels and bushels,
respectively at January 31, 2023. Commodity futures liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities.
These contracts are short/sell positions for approximately million bushels and million bushels of corn at January 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

(2) Forward purchase contracts assets are included in prepaid expenses
and other. These contracts are for purchases of approximately million bushels and million bushels of corn at January 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. Forward purchase contracts liabilities are included in accrued 

52 

million bushels of corn at January 31, 2023 

and , respectively, to secure the Company s derivative liability position, which has been recorded on the balance
sheet as restricted cash. See Note 4 which contains fair value information related to derivative financial instruments. 

, , and in fiscal years
2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

, and in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and
2020, respectively. 

shares of common stock
for issuance pursuant to its terms. The plan provides for the granting of shares of stock, including options to purchase shares
of common stock, stock appreciation rights tied to the value of common stock, restricted stock, and restricted stock unit awards
to eligible employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Until the current year, the Company had only granted restricted
stock awards. In May 2022, the Company issued restricted stock units to certain officers of the Company which vest based on the
Company s Total Shareholder Return (TSR) compared to the TSRs of companies that comprise the Russell 2000 Index over a three-year
performance period. The Company measures share-based compensation grants at fair value on the grant date, adjusted for estimated
forfeitures. The Company records noncash compensation expense related to liability and equity awards in its consolidated financial
statements over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. shares remain available for issuance under the
Plan at January 31, 2023. 

and . 

53 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Non-Vested at January 31, 2023 

2021 

Weighted 
 Weighted 

Average Grant 
 Average Remaining 

Non-Vested 
 Date Fair Value 
 Vesting Term 

Shares 
 (000 s) 
 (in years) 

Non-Vested at January 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Non-Vested at January 31, 2022 

2020 

Weighted 
 Weighted 

Average Grant 
 Average Remaining 

Non-Vested 
 Date Fair Value 
 Vesting Term 

Shares 
 (000 s) 
 (in years) 

Non-Vested at January 31, 2020 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Non-Vested at January 31, 2021 

54 

RSUs to certain officers. The number of RSUs eligible to vest will be determined based on how the Company s TSR
compares to the TSR of companies that comprise the Russell 2000 Index during the three-year performance period ending December 31,
2024. The number of RSUs eligible to vest ranges from zero percent to two hundred percent, depending on actual performance during
the performance period. At grant date, the fair value of the RSUs was approximately million based on a Monte-Carlo simulation
model. 

million. 

million bushels of corn, the principal raw material for
their ethanol plants and they had combined forward purchase contracts for approximately MmBtu of natural gas. 

million gallons of ethanol, tons of distillers grains and
 million pounds of non-food grade corn oil. 

million. 

-year
agreement in 2009 with an unrelated party for the use of a portion of that party s natural gas pipeline. A new -year agreement,
with monthly payments of was effective February 1, 2019. One Earth paid approximately in fiscal years 2022, 2021,
and 2020 pursuant to the agreement. 

, , and in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for these marketing services. 

and in fiscal years 2021 and
2020. 

55 

Deferred 

State and Local: 

Current 

Deferred 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Accrued liabilities 

State net operating loss carryforward 

Other items 

Valuation allowance 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Basis in pass through entities, including depreciation 

Other 

Total 

Net deferred tax asset 

million and million at January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company can carry
these credits forward for up to twenty years. The carryforward period begins to expire in fiscal year 2038. 

and at January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to state net operating loss carryforwards. The Company decreased
the 

56 

in fiscal year 2022. These adjustments to the valuation allowance are a result of estimates
of realizing certain future state tax benefits. 

million and million during fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million, ) million, and million, respectively. The credits can be used to
reduce future income tax liabilities for up to 20 years. 

, , and in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company received refunds of income
taxes of approximately in fiscal year 2020. The Company did not receive any refunds in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Research and experimentation credits 

Uncertain tax positions 

Noncontrolling interest 

Other 

Total 

,
and accrued penalties and interest were approximately . If the Company were to prevail on all unrecognized tax benefits
recorded, the provision for income taxes would be reduced by approximately . In addition, the impact 

57 

Changes for tax positions for prior years 

Changes for tax positions for current year 

Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 

at January 31, 2023 as a probable and reasonably estimable loss associated
with a legal contingency for a patent infringement case involving our refined coal facility which is no longer in operation. There
were no liabilities recorded at January 31, 2022 as the Company did not believe that there was a probable and reasonably estimable
loss associated with any legal contingencies. 

58 

Cost of Sales 

Gross loss 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

Loss before income taxes 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Benefit for income taxes 

Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders 

59 

Gross profit 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders 

Basic and diluted net income per share attributable to REX common shareholders (a) 

Gross profit 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders (continuing operations) 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders (discontinued operations) 

Net income attributable to REX common shareholders 

Basic and diluted net income per share attributable to REX common shareholders (continuing operations) (a) 

Basic and diluted net income per share attributable to REX common shareholders (discontinued operations) (a) 

Basic and diluted net income per share attributable to REX common shareholders (a) 

60 

million, million, and million, respectively, of corn
and other supplies from minority equity investors. The Company had amounts payable to related parties of approximately million
and million at January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

million, ) million, respectively, payable to the minority
investor in the refined coal entity. The commission expense is associated with the refined coal business, and as such, there was
no commission expense recorded in fiscal year 2022. 

million in capital contributions from the minority investor in the refined coal entity. The Company did not
receive capital contributions related to the refined coal entity in fiscal year 2022. 

61 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of REX American
Resources Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of REX American Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended January
31, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as
of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March
30, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

62 

Income Taxes Valuation Allowance Refer
to Notes 1 and 12 to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company provides for deferred tax liabilities and assets
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company provides for a valuation
allowance if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company has a general business credit carryforward of approximately
 26.1 million at January 31, 2023. The Company can carry these credits forward for up to twenty years and the carryforward period
begins to expire in fiscal year 2038. The Company assessed all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether it
expects sufficient future taxable income will be generated to allow for the realization of existing federal deferred tax assets.
For the three-year period ended January 31, 2023, the Company has cumulative pre-tax book income on a comprehensive basis, including
the impact of an operation that has historically produced pre-tax book losses, but after tax net income. This entity ceased operations
in fiscal year 2021. The Company expects to realize the federal deferred tax assets prior to their expiration based on their projection
of future taxable income based on objectively verifiable historical results. 

We identified management s assertion that the federal deferred
income tax assets are more likely than not going to be realized as a critical audit matter due to the significance of management s
judgments and the inherent uncertainty in forecasting financial results, coupled with the specialized tax knowledge that is necessary
to accurately schedule future taxable income and deductions. A high degree of auditor judgment and the involvement of our tax
specialists was required when performing audit procedures to evaluate management s assertion. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures, with the assistance of income tax specialists,
to evaluate management s assertion that the unreserved federal deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable included
the following: 

We tested the effectiveness of the Company s controls over income taxes,
 including those over the evaluation of a valuation allowance and the projections of future taxable income. 

We evaluated management s projections of future taxable income by: 

Evaluating management s ability to accurately project future reversals
 of temporary differences, including the use of tax planning strategies, by comparing these projections to historical results,
 evaluation of current tax laws, and our understanding of anticipated future events. 

Testing the reasonableness of management s determination of the Company s objectively
 verifiable income by: 

Agreeing applicable amounts historical results 

Testing the normalization for appropriate one-time items 

We evaluated management s assessment that it is more likely than not
 that sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to utilize the federal deferred tax assets. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s valuation allowance analysis. 

63 

We evaluated whether the projections of future taxable income were consistent
 with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

We evaluated the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures related to the realizability
 of deferred income tax assets and valuation allowances in the financial statements. 

/s/ 

March 30, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002 

64 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Schedule II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023, 2022 AND 2021 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Balance Beginning of Year 
 Additions Charged to 
 Cost and Expenses 
 Deductions Charges for 
 Which Reserves Were Created 
 Balance End of Year 

2023: 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 
 
 213 
 
 - 
 
 21 
 
 192 

2022: 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 
 
 232 
 
 - 
 
 19 
 
 213 

2021: 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 
 
 232 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 232 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management evaluated, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by
this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Our officers concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are also effective at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Material Changes to Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

65 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems deemed to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 based on the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based upon this assessment, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023 based on those criteria. 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of January 31, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their report which is included herein. 

/s/ ZAFAR A. RIZVI 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Zafar A. Rizvi 
 (principal executive officer) 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ DOUGLAS L. BRUGGEMAN 
 Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Douglas L. Bruggeman 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 March 30, 2023 

66 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of REX American
Resources Corporation 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting
of REX American Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by COSO. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
ended January 31, 2023 of the Company and our report dated March 30, 2023 expressed
an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

67 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte and Touche LLP 

Dayton, Ohio 

March 30, 2023 

68 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item
10 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 15, 2023, except
for certain information concerning our executive officers which is set forth in Part I of this report. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item
11 is set forth in the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 15, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item
12 is set forth in the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 15, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item
13 is set forth in the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 15, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item 14 is set forth in the
Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 15, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements
of REX American Resources Corporation and subsidiaries are filed as a part of this report at Item 8 hereof. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended January 31, 2023,
 2022 and 2021 

69 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) 

(a)(2)(i) Financial Statement Schedules 

The following financial statement schedules are filed as a part of this report at Item 8 hereof. 

Schedule II -Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

All other schedules are omitted because
they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements
or notes thereto. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3(a) 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Form 10-Q for quarter ended July 31, 2010, File No. 001-09097) 

3(b) 
 By-Laws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3(a) to Form 8-K filed June 8, 2015, File No. 001-09097) 

4(a) 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section
 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Form 10-K filed April 1, 2020, File No. 001-09097) 

10(a) 
 Employment Agreement dated May 24, 2022 between Rex
 Radio and Television, Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company) and Zafar A. Rizvi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022, File No. 001-09097) 

10(b) 
 Employment Agreement dated May 24, 2022 between Rex
 Radio and Television, Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company) and Douglas L. Bruggeman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022, File No. 001-09097) 

10(c) 
 Employment Agreement dated May 24, 2022 between Rex
 Radio and Television, Inc. (a subsidiary of the Company) and Stuart A. Rose (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022, File No. 001-09097) 

10(d) 
 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10(d) to Form 8-K filed June 8, 2015, File No. 001-09097) 

10(e) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the
 REX American Resources 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 22, 2022, File
 No. 001-09097) 

70 

10(f) 
 Form of REX American Resources Corporation Restricted
 Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employee-Performance Based Vesting Award) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form
 8-K filed May 27, 2022, File No. 001-09097) 

(21) 
 Subsidiaries of the registrant: 

21 
 Subsidiaries of registrant 

(23) 
 Consents of experts and counsel: 

23(a) 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP to use its reports dated March 30, 2023 included in this annual report on Form 10-K into registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-205419) 

(31) 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications: 

31 
 Certifications 

(32) 
 Section 1350 Certifications: 

32 
 Certifications 

(101) 
 Interactive Data File: 

101 
 The following information from REX American
 Resources Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, formatted in iXBRL: (i) Consolidated
 Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (iv)
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 The cover page from REX American Resources Corporation on Form 10-K for
 the year ended January 31, 2023 

Copies of the Exhibits not filed herewith
 may be obtained by writing to Edward M. Kress, Secretary, REX American Resources Corporation, 7720 Paragon Road, Dayton, Ohio
 45459. 

Those exhibits marked with an asterisk ) above are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements for directors or executive officers of the registrant. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 

By: /s/ ZAFAR A. RIZVI 

Zafar A. Rizvi 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ STUART A. ROSE 
Stuart A. Rose 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ ZAFAR A. RIZVI 
Zafar A. Rizvi 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ DOUGLAS L. BRUGGEMAN 
Douglas L. Bruggeman 
 
 Vice President-Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ EDWARD M. KRESS 
Edward M. Kress 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ CHARLES A. ELCAN 
Charles A. Elcan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ DAVID S. HARRIS 
David S. Harris 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ MERVYN L. ALPHONSO 
Mervyn L. Alphonso 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ LEE I. FISHER 
Lee I. Fisher 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ ANNE C. MACMILLAN 
Anne C. MacMillan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ CHERYL L. BUSTOS 
Cheryl L. Bustos 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

72 

<EX-21>
 3
 c106065_ex21.htm

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 

Name 
 State of Incorporation or Organization 

Alistar Enterprises, LLC (1) 
 Delaware 

AVA Acquisition Corp. 
 Delaware 

Rex Radio and Television, Inc. (2) 
 Ohio 

Rex Acquisition, LLC (3) 
 Ohio 

REX Carbon, LLC 
 Ohio 

RGPP I, LLC (4) 
 Ohio 

REX/GPP II, LLC (4) 
 Ohio 

REX Investment, LLC (5) 
 Ohio 

REX IP, LLC 
 Ohio 

REX Marketing Group, LLC (4) 
 South Dakota 

RRC1, LLC (6) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Incorporated 
 Delaware 

Farmers Energy Big River Holding, LLC (7) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Big River, LLC (8) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Cardinal Holding, LLC (4)(7) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Highwater Holding, LLC (4)(7) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Highwater, LLC (4)(8) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Levelland Holding, LLC (4)(7) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Levelland, LLC (4)(8) 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Millennium Holding, LLC (4)(7) 
 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Millennium, LLC (4)(8) 
 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy One Earth Holding, LLC (7) 
 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy One Earth, LLC (8) 
 
 Ohio 

One Earth Energy, LLC (9) 
 
 Illinois 

One Earth Sequestration, LLC (10) 
 
 Illinois 

Farmers Energy Patriot Holding, LLC (7) 
 
 Ohio 

Farmers Energy Patriot, LLC (8) 
 
 Ohio 

FEI Investment Incorporated 
 
 Delaware 

Future Energy, LLC (11) 
 
 Ohio 

FE-II, LLC (12) 
 
 Ohio 

REX NuGen Holding, LLC (7) 
 
 South Dakota 

REX NuGen, LLC (8) 
 
 South Dakota 

NuGen Energy, LLC (9) 
 
 South Dakota 
 
 ___________________ 

(1) 
 Wholly-owned subsidiary of RRC1, LLC 
 
 (2) 
 Wholly-owned subsidiary of AVA Acquisition Corp. 
 
 (3) 
 Wholly-owned subsidiary of Rex Radio and Television, Inc. 
 
 (4) 
 Non-operating or inactive subsidiary. 
 
 (5) 
 AVA Acquisition Corp. is the managing member and owns a 98.032 Class A membership interest, a 95.46 Class B membership interest and a 100 Class C membership interest. 
 
 (6) 
 AVA Acquisition Corp. owns a 95.35 percentage interest. 
 
 (7) 
 First-tier wholly-owned subsidiary of Farmers Energy Incorporated. 
 
 (8) 
 Second-tier wholly-owned subsidiary of Farmers Energy Incorporated. 
 
 (9) 
 Third-tier majority-owned subsidiary of Farmers Energy Incorporated. 
 
 (10) 
 Fourth-tier majority-owned subsidiary of Farmers Energy Incorporated. 
 
 (11) 
 Majority-owned subsidiary of REX IP, LLC. 
 
 (12) 
 Wholly-owned subsidiary of Future Energy, LLC. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 c106065_ex23.htm

Exhibit 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-205419 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 30, 2023,
relating to the financial statements of REX American Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company 
 and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2023. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 c106065_ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Zafar A. Rizvi, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of REX American Resources Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Zafar A. Rizvi 
Zafar A. Rizvi 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Douglas L. Bruggeman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of REX American Resources Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Douglas L. Bruggeman 

Douglas L. Bruggeman 

Vice President, Finance, Treasurer
 and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 c106065_ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

REX American Resources Corporation 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned
officers of REX American Resources Corporation (the Company hereby certify, to their knowledge, that the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31 , 2023 which this certificate accompanies,
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information
contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/Zafar A. Rizvi 

 Zafar A. Rizvi 

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

/s/ Douglas L. Bruggeman 

 Douglas L. Bruggeman 

 Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rex-20230131.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rex-20230131_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rex-20230131_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rex-20230131_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rex-20230131_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

