<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1721484_0001213900-23-020006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6674012</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410225</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1367637</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1538854</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1650344</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1529519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-020006.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314172205
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-020006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Longeveron Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001721484
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				472174146
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40060
		FILM NUMBER:		23732078

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1951 NW 7TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33136
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-302-7158

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1951 NW 7TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33136

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LONGEVERON LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-020006.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_longeveron.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , 33136 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter). 

As of March 7, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, and shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share,
outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE . Part
III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates certain information from the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 2, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 21 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 57 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 57 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 57 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 57 

PART II 
 
 58 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 58 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 58 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 58 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 69 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 
 
 69 

PART III 
 
 70 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 70 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 70 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 70 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 70 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 71 

PART IV 
 
 72 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 72 

SIGNATURES 
 
 74 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In this document, the terms Longeveron, 
 Company, Registrant, we, us, and our refer to Longeveron Inc. We
have no subsidiaries. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that reflect our current
expectations about our future results, performance, prospects and opportunities. This 10-K contains forward-looking statements that can
involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this 10-K, including
statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, prospective products, product approvals,
research and development costs, future revenue, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations,
future results of anticipated products and prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. These statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, 
 project, should, target, will, or would or the negative of these
terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements contained
in this 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

the ability of
 our clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our product candidates, and other
 positive results; 

the timing and
 focus of our ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical trials, and the reporting
 of data from those studies and trials; 

the size of the
 market opportunity for our product candidates, including our estimates of the number of patients
 who suffer from the diseases we are targeting; 

the success of
 competing therapies that are or may become available; 

the beneficial
 characteristics, safety, efficacy and therapeutic effects of our product candidates; 

our ability to
 obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates in the U.S., Japan and
 other jurisdictions; 

our plans relating
 to the further development of our product candidates, including additional disease states
 or indications we may pursue; 

our plans and
 ability to obtain or protect intellectual property rights, including extensions of existing
 patent terms where available and our ability to avoid infringing the intellectual property
 rights of others; 

the need to hire
 additional personnel and our ability to attract and retain such personnel; 

our estimates
 regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our need to raise
 additional capital, the difficulties we may face in obtaining access to capital, and the
 dilutive impact it may have on our investors; 

our financial
 performance; and 

the period over
 which we estimate our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our future
 operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements. 

We have based these forward-looking statements
largely on our current expectations and projections about our business, the industry in which we operate and financial trends that we
believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and these forward-looking statements are not
guarantees of future performance or development. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this 10-K and are subject
to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this
report. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified,
you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our
forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained
herein after we file this 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly
rely upon these statements. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We are a clinical stage biotechnology company
developing regenerative medicines to address unmet medical needs. The Company s lead investigational product is Lomecel-B 
brand MSCs, an allogeneic medicinal signaling cell (MSC) therapy product isolated from the bone marrow of young, healthy adult donors.
Lomecel-B has multiple modes of action that include pro-vascular, pro-regenerative, and anti-inflammatory mechanisms, promoting
tissue repair and healing with broad potential applications across a spectrum of disease areas. 

We are currently pursuing three pipeline indications:
Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome (HLHS), Aging-related Frailty, and Alzheimer s disease (AD). Our mission is to advance Lomecel-B 
and other cell-based product candidates into pivotal Phase 3 trials, with the goal of achieving regulatory approvals, subsequent commercialization,
and broad use by the healthcare community. 

With respect to HLHS, we are exploring the possibility
that Lomecel-B when administered directly to the myocardium of affected infants, can improve outcomes in this devastating rare
pediatric disease. The standard of care in HLHS is a series of three reconstructive surgeries, typically at 10 days, 4 months, and approximately
4 years of life. Despite these life-saving surgical interventions, it is estimated that only 50 to 60 percent of affected individuals
survive until adolescence. The pro-vascular, pro-regenerative and anti-inflammatory properties of Lomecel-B may improve the function
of the right ventricle in these infants. A previously published Longeveron Phase 1 open-label study (ELPIS I) 1 indicated
that such a benefit may exist when outcomes were compared to historical controls. Longeveron is currently conducting a controlled study
to determine the actual benefit of Lomecel-B in these patients. 

Our philosophy is that healthy aging can be improved
through regenerative medicine approaches. Life expectancy has substantially increased over the past century as a result of medical and
public health advancements. However, this increase in longevity has not been paralleled by the number of years a person is expected to
live in relatively good health, with limited chronic disease and disabilities of aging a period known as healthspan. As we age,
we experience a decline in our own stem cells; a decrease in immune system function, known as immunosenescence; diminished blood vessel
functioning; chronic inflammation, known as inflammaging and other aging-related declines. Our preliminary clinical data
suggest that Lomecel-B can potentially address these problems through multiple mechanisms of action, or MOAs, that simultaneously
target key aging-related processes. 

Improving healthspan is an imperative for governmental
health agencies. The National Institute on Aging (NIA), an institute of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), has promoted the concept
of geroscience the idea that aging itself is the biggest risk factor for aging-related human diseases and that aging can be approached
as a treatable disease to improve healthspan. The geroscience hypothesis provides a strong rationale for the approach of treating underlying
biological processes contributing to aging as a way to reduce disease burden and advance global human health. Our investments into developing
and testing product candidates are aimed at reducing aging-related disease burden and improving healthspan. 

Summary of Clinical Development Strategy 

Our core strategy is to become a world-leading
regenerative medicine company through the development and commercialization of novel cell therapy products for unmet medical needs, with
a focus on HLHS. Key elements of our current business strategy are as follows. 

Focus on the execution
 of ELPIS II, a Phase 2 randomized controlled trial set forth in greater detail below, to
 measure the efficacy of Lomecel-B in HLHS. This trial is ongoing and is being conducted in
 collaboration with the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute through grants from the
 NIH. 

Continue to develop
 our existing international programs. We have selected Japan as our first non-U.S. territory
 for a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial to evaluate Lomecel-B
 for Aging-related frailty with the aim of receiving approval under the Act on the Safety
 of Regenerative Medicine (ASRM) based on previous clinical data from non-Japanese as well
 as this Phase 2 study in Japan. We may explore conditional or full approval in Japan of Lomecel-B
 under the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Act (PMDA) for the treatment of Aging-Related
 Frailty in the future. We may also explore other indications in Japan, and potentially pursue
 Aging-related frailty and other indications in additional international locations for further
 development and commercialization. 

1 Sunjay Kaushal,
 MD, PhD, Joshua M Hare, MD, Jessica R Hoffman, PhD, Riley M Boyd, BA, Kevin N Ramdas, MD,
 MPH, Nicholas Pietris, MD, Shelby Kutty, MD, PhD, MS, James S Tweddell, MD, S Adil Husain,
 MD, Shaji C Menon, MBBS, MD, MS, Linda M Lambert, MSN-cFNP, David A Danford, MD, Seth J Kligerman,
 MD, Narutoshi Hibino, MD, PhD, Laxminarayana Korutla, PhD, Prashanth Vallabhajosyula, MD,
 MS, Michael J Campbell, MD, Aisha Khan, PhD, Eric Naioti, MSPH, Keyvan Yousefi, PharmD, PhD,
 Danial Mehranfard, PharmD, MBA, Lisa McClain-Moss, Anthony A Oliva, PhD, Michael E Davis,
 PhD, Intramyocardial cell-based therapy with Lomecel-B during bidirectional cavopulmonary
 anastomosis for hypoplastic left heart syndrome: The ELPIS phase I trial, European
 Heart Journal Open , 2023. 

1 

Continue to pursue
 the therapeutic potential of Lomecel-B in Alzheimer s disease (AD). We have
 previously conducted a small Phase 1b study in which it appeared that a single dose of Lomecel-B 
 may preserve cognition in patients with mild AD as compared to those who received placebo
 treatment. We are now conducting a small multiple-dose Phase 2 randomized placebo-controlled
 study in mild AD patients to determine the safety of administering up to four doses of Lomecel-B 
 in this aged population. In addition to establishing safety for further investigation, we
 will endeavor to measure any positive effects of Lomecel-B in mild AD patients through
 a combination of cognitive and imaging endpoints as well as to determine the extent of target
 engagement by Lomecel-B in this patient population. 

Expand our manufacturing
 capabilities to commercial-scale production. We operate a current good manufacturing practice
 (cGMP)-compliant manufacturing facility and produce our own product candidates for testing.
 We continue to improve and expand our capabilities with the goal of achieving cost-effective
 manufacturing that may potentially satisfy future commercial demand should Lomecel-B 
 achieve commercialization. 

Collaborative
 arrangements and out-licensing opportunities. We will be opportunistic and consider entering
 into co-development, out-licensing, or other collaboration agreements for the purpose of
 eventually commercializing Lomecel-B and other products domestically and internationally
 if appropriate approvals are obtained. 

Product candidate
 development pipeline through internal research and development, and in-licensing. Through
 our research and development program, and through strategic in-licensing agreements, or other
 business development arrangements, we intend to actively explore promising potential additions
 to our pipeline. 

Continue to expand
 our intellectual property portfolio. Our intellectual property is vitally important to our
 business strategy, and we take significant steps to develop this property and protect its
 value. Results from our ongoing research and development efforts are intended to add to our
 existing intellectual property portfolio. 

Clinical Development Pipeline in 2023 

We are currently in clinical development of a
single product, Lomecel-B for three potential indications (See Figure 1 ). 

Figure 1: Lomecel-B clinical development
pipeline 

Hypoplastic Left
Heart Syndrome (HLHS) . Lomecel-B is being investigated in an ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial (ELPIS II) under FDA IND 017677.
ELPIS II is a 38-subject, randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate safety and efficacy of Lomecel-B 
in conjunction with reconstructive surgery compared to surgery alone. The trial is funded in part by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood
Institute (NHLBI, part of the NIH). The trial is continuing to enroll patients in the study, and is being conducted as a investigator-initiated
study led by Dr. Sunjay Kaushal through the auspices of the NHLBI at seven academic sites. This year it is anticipated that an eight
site will be added to enhance the enrollment rate. We have not provided a projection for the date of completion of this study as enrollment
to date has not been sufficient to provide such a projection. 

2 

Previously, we completed a Phase 1 study
under FDA investigational new drug application (IND) 017677 to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary evidence of Lomecel-B 
as a combinatorial therapy to surgery for this ultra-rare congenital heart defect. Babies born with this condition have an underdeveloped
left ventricle and undergo a series of three surgeries to prevent certain death. Despite these life-saving surgeries, HLHS patients still
have a high early mortality rate. We are investigating whether Lomecel-B , directly injected into the heart during the second stage
HLHS open-heart surgery, is safe and can improve short- and long-term outcomes in these vulnerable patients. These outcomes include heart
function, and heart-transplant-free survival. The Phase 1 study met the primary safety endpoint: no major adverse cardiac events (MACE)
nor any treatment-related infections during the first month post-treatment. In addition to the 12-month evaluation of outcomes from the
original study, we have continued to follow these 10 patients, none of whom have required a heart transplant nor died from their cardiac
disease for 3.4 to 5.0 years since the time of treatment with Lomecel-B. Of these patients, five have already undergone their stage III
palliation surgery. Based on historical data, approximately 20 of patients who undergo stage II palliation surgery either require a
heart transplant or die from HLHS within 12 months after their surgery. The apparent potential for a mortality benefit in HLHS paitents
treated with Lomecel-B is the reason the FDA granted Rare Pediatric Disease (RPD) Designation and Orphan Drug Designation (ODD). Most
recently, on August 24, 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation for the potential treatment of HLHS with Lomecel-B . 

Aging-related Frailty . Aging-related Frailty
is a life-threatening geriatric condition that disproportionately increases some patients risk for poor clinical outcomes from
disease and injury. It is believed by geriatricians to be treatable, although no approved pharmaceutical or biologic treatments currently
exist for the condition. The definition of Aging-related Frailty lacks consensus and would be a new indication from a regulatory standpoint.
As such, any approval of Lomecel-B for Aging-related Frailty will therefore require additional clinical data and continued discussion
with the U.S. FDA and Japan s PMDA. 

We have previously
 completed two U.S. clinical trials under FDA IND 016644: (1) a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled
 Phase 2b trial Phase 2b Trial ), which showed that a single infusion of Lomecel-B 
 improved 6-Minute Walk Test (6MWT) distance 9 months after infusion and also showed a dose-dependent
 increase in 6MWT distance 6 months after infusion; and (2) a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled
 Phase 1/2 trial HERA Trial that showed that Lomecel-B was generally
 safe and well tolerated in this patient population. The results showed that hemagglutinin
 inhibition (HAI) responses in the Lomecel-B and placebo groups to influenza
 were not statistically different. 

Japan Clinical
 Trial : The Japanese PMDA has approved a Clinical Trial Notification (CTN), which is equivalent
 to a U.S. IND, allowing an Investigator-sponsored Phase 2 clinical study for Aging-related
 frailty patients in Japan. This study is a 45-patient randomized placebo-controlled study
 with a primary objective of evaluating the safety of Lomecel-B in Japanese patients
 with Aging-related Frailty. The trial sites began screening patients at the end of 2022 and
 the first patient is expected to receive Lomecel-B in the first quarter of 2023. The goal
 of this study is to enable ASRM approval when combined with previous clinical results in
 non-Japanese patients. 

The Bahamas Registry
 Trial : We sponsor and operate a Registry Trial in Nassau, The Bahamas, where participants
 may receive Lomecel-B for Aging-related frailty and other indications, at the participant s
 own expense. Lomecel-B is designated as an investigational product in The Bahamas. 

Manufacturing 

The manufacture and delivery of cell therapy
products to patients involves complex, integrated processes. Commercial success in this area requires manufacturing processes that are
reliable, scalable, and economical. We currently operate a manufacturing facility in Miami, FL, which supplies Lomecel-B for our
clinical trials and also serves as our corporate headquarters. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to optimization
of process development and manufacturing to reduce per-unit manufacturing costs and to enable quick scale-up of production upon approval
of any of our candidates in a particular country. We also intend to expand the manufacturing capacities in the U.S. and potentially Japan
or other regions in Asia for commercialization at both a regional and global scale upon regulatory approvals. 

Our cGMP facility went online in early 2017 and
consists of 4,150 ft 2 (385.5 m 2 with approximately 3,000 ft 2 (279 m 2 of cGMP space comprised
of ISO 7 cleanrooms, and ISO 8 ancillary areas and 1,150 ft 2 (107 m 2 of warehouse, research and development and
Quality Control space. The cGMP cleanrooms are used exclusively for the manufacture of human cellular therapy products for use in clinical
trials. The facility is in compliance with FDA regulations in 21 CFR Parts 210 and 211. 

3 

Our lead product, Lomecel-B , consists
of human allogeneic bone-marrow derived MSCs as the active ingredient. These cells undergo culture-expansion using proprietary processes,
and are then formulated, packaged and stored frozen (cryopreserved) until shortly before use . Fresh bone marrow is procured from
established, licensed U.S.-based third-party tissue suppliers, which harvest the tissue from young, healthy consenting donors. Lomecel-B 
is produced using processes that FDA has reviewed and authorized as part of our INDs. We currently have bone marrow supply contracts
in place with two suppliers: the Oklahoma Blood Institute and Vista Health Research. These suppliers provide adequate bone marrow for
our current and anticipated needs; however, if one or both suppliers were to no longer provide bone marrow, alternate suppliers would
be needed or our ability to produce Lomecel-B in the future could be impacted. 

Technology Capabilities 

From the commencement of operations in 2014,
we recognized the potential for a cellular therapy product to be a novel therapeutic candidate in our chosen indications. We have assembled
a team of experts and proprietary technologies that we believe enables us to take a systematic approach to rapidly develop improved cell
therapies. We believe having established manufacturing capabilities and operations within the U.S. early in the development of our product
candidates is a competitive advantage. Over time, we expect to expand regional manufacturing capacity and potentially add external supply
nodes to meet projected product requirements for commercialization. We believe that anticipated future clinical and commercial demand
for Lomecel-B and new pipeline programs can be met, as our process has been designed to meet these demands as milestones are achieved.
We believe our scalable robust manufacturing process, along with our proprietary technologies and our industry experienced team, would
be challenging and costly for potential competitors to replicate. 

Contract Development and Manufacturing Services 

We produce all of our product candidates in the
ISO 7 cleanrooms of our cGMP facility to satisfy our ongoing clinical studies and The Bahamas Registry Trial. As a revenue-generating
opportunity, occasionally we utilize excess capacity, when available, to provide contract manufacturing and development services to third
parties; however, our business development activity is limited in this area. 

Commercialization 

We currently have no established sales, marketing
or product distribution infrastructure. In order to commercialize any of our product candidates if approved for commercial sale, we will
need a sales and marketing organization with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities or collaborate with third parties
that have sales and marketing experience. As we move our product candidates through development toward regulatory approval, we will evaluate
several options for each product candidate s commercialization strategy. These options include further building an internal sales
force, entering into a joint marketing collaboration with another pharmaceutical or biotechnology company, or out-licensing any future
approved product to another pharmaceutical or biotechnology company. All such commercialization will be in accordance with applicable
federal and state law. 

Competition 

The field of regenerative medicine, which includes
gene therapies, cell therapies (such as Lomecel-B ), and tissue-engineered products, is broadly defined as products intended
to repair, replace or regenerate organs, tissues, cells, genes, and metabolic processes in the body, per the Alliance for Regenerative
Medicine (ARM), an international advocacy organization. Regenerative medicine companies number over 1,300 worldwide as of the first half
of 2022. 

In some of our indications, we face competition
from both cellular therapy companies, and pharmaceutical/biotechnology companies. In our most important indication, Hypoplastic Left
Heart Syndrome, we were unable to find a competing company currently addressing the condition. The following table is a general, non-comprehensive
list of cellular therapy companies that we believe could be considered our primary competition, either because they also develop MSCs
as their primary mode of action, albeit for different indications in most cases or on the basis that these companies are addressing the
same indications as Longeveron. 

Name 
 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 
 Clinical stage pipeline
 indication(s) 
 
 Athersys, Inc. 
 
 U.S. 
 
 Ischemic stroke; ARDS; GvHD; Acute Myocardial Infarction 
 
 BioCardia, Inc. 
 
 U.S. 
 
 Heart failure; Acute myocardial infarction 
 
 BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics 
 
 U.S. 
 
 ALS; MS 
 
 Lisata Therapeutics 
 
 U.S. 
 
 Coronary microvascular dysfunction; Critical limb ischemia; Diabetic
 kidney disease 
 
 Corestem 
 
 South Korea 
 
 ALS (Commercial in South Korea); Lupus 
 
 Cynata Therapeutics 
 
 Australia 
 
 GvHD 
 
 Healios K.K. 
 
 Japan 
 
 Ischemic stroke; ARDS 
 
 Medipost 
 
 South Korea 
 
 Osteoarthritis (commercial); BPD; AD 
 
 Mesoblast Ltd. 
 
 Australia 
 
 Heart failure, low back pain, GvHD; ARDS; Crohn s Disease 
 
 Pluristem Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Israel 
 
 CLI; ARDS; ARS; GvHD 
 
 ReNeuron 
 
 U.K. 
 
 Ischemic stroke; Retinitis pigmentosa 
 
 SanBio Co., Ltd. 
 
 Japan 
 
 Ischemic stroke; Traumatic brain injury 
 
 Stemedica Cell Technologies 
 
 U.S. 
 
 Ischemic stroke; heart failure; AD 

ARDS = Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; GvHD
= Graft versus host disease; ALS = Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; MS = Multiple sclerosis; BPD = Bronchopulmonary dysplasia; CLI = Critical
limb ischemia; CMD = Coronary microvascular disease; ARS = Acute radiation syndrome. 

4 

Biology of Aging Research Companies 

To our knowledge, there are no other companies
currently conducting clinical trials for Aging-related frailty using a regenerative medicine approach. However, this is likely to change
as the emphasis on developing an effective treatment grows. Per ClinicalTrials.gov, as of February, 2023, there are a few groups testing
different types of MSCs for frailty. This is not an exhaustive list; moreover, only applicable clinical trials under U.S.
law are required to be listed in ClinicalTrials.gov: 

Healion Medical Inc. are recruiting
 subjects in the US to determine the safety and efficacy of delivery of autologous cellular
 stromal vascular fraction (cSVF) to improve the quality of life and functional health for
 patients with frail elderly syndrome. 

The Foundation for Orthopedics and Regenerative Medicine, Antigua and
 Barbuda are recruiting subjects to evaluate the safety of cultured allogeneic adult umbilical cord derived mesenchymal stem cell
 intravenous infusion for Aging-related frailty; 

Shanghai East Hospital in Shanghai, China is recruiting subjects for
 a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 clinical study of umbilical cord MSC infusion for Aging-related
 frailty; and 

Vinmec Research Institute of Stem Cell and Gene Technology is planning
 to initiate a trial to investigate the safety and potential therapeutic efficacy of allogeneic administration of umbilical cord-derived
 MSCs (UC-MSCs) in combination with standard frailty treatment in Vietnam. 

The University of Texas Health Science Center
in San Antonio is collaborating with the NIH to conduct a randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 clinical trial of metformin, the Type-2
diabetes medication, for the prevention of frailty in subjects aged 65 to 95. Other academic groups or hospitals have or are testing
hormonal treatments such as ghrelin or testosterone to prevent or treat frailty. Most interventional trials typically involve lifestyle
intervention, specifically evaluating diet, dietary supplements, or exercise modifications, or a combination thereof. Several companies
are researching different approaches and therapeutics in the broad anti-aging category, developing therapies that may extend
 healthspan by slowing or reversing diseases associated with aging, or the aging process itself. 

Calico Life Sciences, LLC : This Google-backed company
 is researching compounds that are intended to treat aging-related diseases and conditions; however, its first clinical study involves
 patients with advanced solid tumor cancers. 

Unity Biotechnology : Unity s focus is to extend
 human health span, the period in one s life unburdened by the disease of aging. UBX is targeting senescence (the process
 whereby cells cease to divide, and linger in the body releasing harmful proteins) and is in the category called senolytic
 medicines . 

AgeX Therapeutics : AgeX is a pre-clinical stage company
 testing telomerase-expressing Pluripotent Stem Cells (PSCs) in an attempt to reverse cell aging and extend human health and life
 spans. 

Competition in Alzheimer s Disease 

There are several companies currently testing
cellular therapy in neurologic and cognitive disorders. However, in the U.S., we believe we are the furthest advanced in the clinical
development of a regenerative medicine approach to treating AD. The following companies have publicly indicated that they are conducting,
or intend to conduct, cell therapy clinical trials in AD (does not include studies that were withdrawn). In addition, there are some
academic groups (not listed) also exploring the potential therapeutic effects of MSCs in AD. 

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics: In 2020, Brainstorm Cell
 Therapeutics, a U.S. company, announced its intention to initiate a multinational Phase 2 trial to test its autologous MSC neurotrophic
 factor investigational product in AD. 

VTBIO Co. LTD: VTBIO Co. LTD,
 a South Korean company, has reported that it has completed a Phase 2a study in AD using its umbilical cord-derived allogeneic MSCs.
 No results have been posted. 

5 

MD Stem Cells: MD Stem Cells,
 a U.S. company, is enrolling by invitation a study entitled Alzheimer s Autism and Cognitive Impairment Stem Cell Treatment
 Study using what is described as Intravenous Bone Marrow Stem Cell (BMSC) Fraction . 

Medipost Co. Ltd.: Medipost, a South Korean company,
 has reported that they are recruiting 12 patients for a trial testing the Possibility of Using Regulatory T Cells (VT301)
 for Treatment of Alzheimer s Disease. 

NKGen Biotech, Inc: NKGen Biotech,
 a U.S. company, is recruiting a study of SNK01, a natural killer cell product, in a Phase 1 study to explore the safety, tolerability
 and efficacy in mild AD patients. 

Nature Cell Co. LTD: Nature
 Cell Co. LTD, a South Korean company, has reported completing a Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of AstroStem [autologous
 adipose-derived MSCs] in Treatment of Alzheimer s Disease in 21 patients. There are no references to any resulting publication. 

CHABiotech Ltd.: This South Korea-based company is conducting
 a Phase 1/2 trial of CB-AC-02, some kind of Mesenchymal Stem Cell. Based on the website of the company, these are enhanced placenta-derived
 stem cells in AD. 

There are many other pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies that are conducting clinical trials of various therapeutics for the treatment of AD. According to the Alzheimer s Association,
in 2021 there were 121 unique therapies registered on ClinicalTrials.gov. Some of the more established and well-known companies in this
group include Biogen, Novartis, Eisai, and Eli Lilly. 

Intellectual Property 

We seek to protect our proprietary technology,
inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business by seeking, maintaining, and defending
patent rights, whether developed internally, acquired from third parties, or licensed from third parties. We also intend to seek and
rely on any statutory or regulatory protections, including FDA s expedited review program, data exclusivity, market exclusivity
and patent term extensions where available. 

We have a combination of Company-owned and in-licensed
patents and patent applications related to cell-based therapy and its various uses. This portfolio includes patent applications directed
to use of allogeneic MSCs to treat sexual dysfunction. We also have in-licensed a patent family directed to methods of use of CD271+
MSC precursor cells. Our patent applications contain claims that, if allowed, specifically protect the use of our product in individuals
with Aging-related frailty, immunosenescence, and other age-related diseases. We also rely on trade secrets that may be important to
the development of our business. Trade secrets are difficult to protect and enforce and therefore provide us with only limited protection. 

We expect to file additional patent applications
in support of current and new product candidates, as well as for process and manufacturing-related improvements or inventions, should
these arise. These expected additional patent applications may be related to existing patent applications or may create new patent families.
Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection for our current
and future product candidates and the methods used to develop, manufacture, administer, and use them. Our commercial success will also
depend on successfully defending our patents against third-party challenges and operating without infringing on the proprietary rights
of others. We are aware of several U.S. patents held by third parties covering potentially similar or related products, and their manufacture
and use. Generally, conducting clinical trials and other acts relating to FDA approval are not considered acts of infringement in the
U.S. If and when Lomecel-B MSCs are approved by the FDA, third parties may seek to enforce their patents by filing a patent infringement
lawsuit against us. Our ability to deter and, if necessary, to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing
our products or products that are similar to our products depends on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents
or trade secrets that cover these activities. We can neither be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending
patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any patents that may
be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our product candidates, discovery programs and processes. Unpublished
third-party patent applications may exist that would have an effect on our freedom to operate. For this and more comprehensive risks
related to our intellectual property, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property . 

The term of individual patents depends upon the
legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most jurisdictions where we file, including the U.S., the patent
term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the U.S., a patent s term may be lengthened
by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), in
examining and granting a patent. Patent term in the U.S. may be shortened if a patent is subject to a terminal disclaimer over another
patent. Delays on the part of a patentee may decrease patent term adjustment. 

6 

In the U.S., the term of a patent that covers
an FDA-approved active ingredient or methods of its use may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent
term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Drug Price Competition and Patent
Term Restoration Act of 1984, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, or the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 permit a patent
term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the statutory term of a patent, including any patent term adjustment to which
the patent is entitled. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the active ingredient or method is under
regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product
approval, only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for
using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions
to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect
to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We plan to seek patent term extensions for any issued patents
we may obtain in any jurisdiction where such patent term extensions are available. We are not assured that the applicable authorities,
including the FDA in the U.S., will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length
of those extensions. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks
Related to Intellectual Property . 

We may file patent applications directly with
the USPTO as provisional applications. We may file U.S. non-provisional applications, direct foreign applications under the Paris Convention
and the Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, and Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications. Those
applications may claim the benefit of the priority date of one or more earlier filed applications, when applicable. The PCT system allows
a single application to be filed within 12 months of the original priority date of the patent application and to designate all of the
PCT member states in which national or regional patent applications can later be pursued based on the PCT application. 

For all patent applications, we determine claim
strategy on a case-by-case basis. Advice of counsel and our business model and needs are considered. We seek to file patents containing
claims for protection of all useful applications of our proprietary technologies and any products, as well as all new applications and/or
uses we discover for existing technologies and products, assuming these are strategically valuable. We routinely reassess the number
and type of patent applications, as well as the pending and issued patent claims to pursue maximum coverage and value for our processes
and compositions. Further, we may modify claims during patent prosecution to meet our intellectual property and business needs. 

We recognize that the ability to obtain patent
protection and the degree of such protection depends on a number of factors. These include the volume and scope of the prior art, the
novelty, non-obviousness, and utility of the invention, and the ability to satisfy the written description and enablement requirements
of the patent laws. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly narrowed before the patent is issued,
and its scope can be reinterpreted or further altered even after patent issuance. Consequently, we may not obtain or maintain adequate
patent protection for any of our future product candidates or for our technology platform. We cannot predict whether the patent applications
we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide
sufficient protection from copying by competitors. Any patents that we hold may be challenged, circumvented, or invalidated by third
parties. We cannot predict whether, in certain jurisdictions, a third-party will use a method confidentially that we later independently
discover and patent, which may result in a limited grant to the third party of the ability to continue to practice that method despite
our patent. 

In addition to patent protection, we rely on
trademark registration, trade secrets, know how, other proprietary information and continuing technological innovation to develop and
maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information to protect aspects
of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Although we take steps to protect
our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contracts with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently
develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our
technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets indefinitely. 

We require our employees, consultants, outside
scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment
or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial
affairs developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential
and not disclosed to third parties except under specific circumstances. Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions
conceived by the employee in the course of employment with us or from the employee s use of our confidential information are our
exclusive property. However, such confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements can be breached, and we may not have
adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors.
To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes
may arise as to the rights in related or resulting trade secrets, know-how and inventions. For more information regarding the risks related
to our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property . 

7 

The patent positions of biotechnology companies
like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Our commercial success will also depend
in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. Third-party patents could require us to alter our development
or commercial strategies or our products or processes, to obtain licenses or to cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements
or our failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights required to develop or commercialize our future products may have a material
adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the U.S. that also claim technology to which we have rights,
we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. If third parties
file requests for inter partes review of our patents, then we may have to defend those patents in the USPTO. For more information,
see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property . 

When available to expand market exclusivity,
our strategy is to obtain, or license additional intellectual property related to current or contemplated development platforms, core
elements of technology and/or clinical candidates. 

Company-Owned Intellectual Property 

Methods of Using Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells
to Effect Cellular and Humoral Immunity . Certain claims in this family of patent applications relate to the ability for mesenchymal
stem cell therapy to improve the immune system function in patients with chronic systemic inflammation, a hallmark of frailty. It is
believed that raising or lowering specific biomarkers after therapeutic intervention by a minimum amount may provide broad protection
from an intellectual property standpoint and reflects clinical goals of treatment and treatment response. 

In this family we own one pending U.S. patent
application, 12 patent applications outside of the U.S. (in 12 jurisdictions), and a patent registration in South Africa. With two exceptions
(The Bahamas and Taiwan), all of the applications are national or regional phase applications based on a PCT application filed in November
2017 and claiming priority to a U.S. provisional application filed in November 2016. The applications in The Bahamas and Taiwan claim
priority to that same provisional application but were not filed using the PCT. In addition to the applications in Taiwan and The Bahamas,
PCT national or regional phase applications were filed in the U.S., Australia, Canada, China, the European Patent Organization, Israel,
Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and Hong Kong. If issued and assuming all maintenance and annuity fees are
paid, patents arising from these applications are projected to expire in 2037. 

Treatment of Sexual Dysfunction and Improvement
in Sexual Quality of Life . This application family is directed towards increasing libido and improving sexual function and
satisfaction in a female patient through the use of allogeneic or autologous MSC therapy, whether derived from bone marrow, adipose tissue
or induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs). In this family we own one pending U.S. patent application, 12 patent applications outside
of the U.S. (in 12 jurisdictions) and a patent registration in South Africa. With two exceptions (The Bahamas and Taiwan), all of the
applications are national or regional phase applications based on a PCT application filed in June 15, 2018 and claiming priority to a
U.S. provisional application filed in June 2017. The applications in The Bahamas and Taiwan claim priority to that same provisional application
but were not filed using the PCT. In addition to the applications in Taiwan and The Bahamas, PCT national or regional phase applications
were filed in Australia, Canada, China, the European Patent Organization, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Singapore,
South Africa, and the U.S. If issued and assuming all maintenance and annuity fees are paid, patents arising from these applications
are projected to expire in June 2038. 

Potency Assay . This application family
is directed towards assessing potency of MSCs to produce anti-inflammatory cytokines in response to a pro-inflammatory stimulus. In this
family we own pending applications in Australia, the Bahamas, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, New
Zealand, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, South Africa, and the United States. These applications have a filing date in April 2021 and
claim priority to a U.S. provisional application filed in April 2020. If issued and assuming that all maintenance and annuity fees are
paid, patents arising from these applications are projected to expire in April 2041. 

Use of Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Treatment
of Juvenile Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome . This patent family is directed to treatment of hypoplastic left heart syndrome with
allogeneic mesenchymal stem cells. In this family we own pending applications in Taiwan, the Bahamas, and the PCT. These applications
share a common priority date of July 2021. National and regional phase applications, if any, that are based on the PCT application must
be filed as early as January 2024. 

Administration of Mesenchymal Stem Cells for
Aging-related frailty . This patent family relates to administration of mesenchymal stem cells for Aging-related frailty. In this
family we own pending applications in Taiwan, the Bahamas, and the PCT. These applications share a common priority date of September
2021. National and regional phase applications, if any, that are based on the PCT application must be filed as early as March 2024. 

Treatment of Alzheimer s Disease with
Allogeneic Mesenchymal Stem Cells. We own one PCT patent application and an application in the Bahamas related to treatment of AD
with allogeneic mesenchymal stem cells. Those applications were filed in September 2021 and claim priority to three separate U.S. provisional
applications, the earliest of which was filed in September 2020. National phase applications, if any, that are related to the PCT application
are not required to be filed until March 2023 at the earliest. 

8 

License Agreements and Strategic Collaborations 

The University of Miami (UM) 

On November 20, 2014, we entered into an Exclusive
License Agreement with UM (the UM License for the use of certain Aging-related frailty-related MSC technology rights developed
by our Chief Science Officer at UM. The UM License is a worldwide, exclusive license, with right to sublicense, with respect to any and
all know-how specifically related to the development of the culture-expanded MSCs for aging-related frailty used at the Interdisciplinary
Stem Cell Institute of UM IMSCs ), all SOPs used to create the IMSCs, and all data supporting isolation, culture, expansion,
processing, cryopreservation and management of the IMSCs. We are required to pay UM (i) a license issue fee of 5,000, (ii) a running
royalty in an amount equal to three percent of annual net sales on products or services developed from the technology, payable on a country-by-country
basis beginning on the date of first commercial sale through termination of the UM License Agreement, and which may be reduced to the
extent we are required to pay royalties to a third party for the same product or process, (iii) escalating annual cash payments of up
to fifty thousand dollars, subject to offset. The agreement extends for up to 20 years from the last date a product
or process is commercialized from the technology and was amended in 2017 to modify certain milestone completion dates as detailed below
In 2021 the license fee was increased by an additional 100,000, to defray patent costs. In addition, the Company issued 110,387 unregistered
shares of Class A Common Stock to UM. 

The milestone payment amendments shifted the
triggering payments to three payments of 500,000, to be paid within six months of: (a) the completion of the first Phase 3 clinical
trial of the products (based upon the final data unblinding); (b) the receipt by the Company of approval for the first new drug application NDA ), biologics application BLA ), or other marketing or licensing application for the product; and (c)
the first sale following product approval. Approval refers to Product approval, licensure, or other marketing authorization
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency. The amendments also provided for the Company s license of additional
technology, to the extent not previously included in the UM License and granted the Company an exclusive option to obtain an exclusive
license for (a) the HLHS IND with ckit+ cells; and (b) UMP-438 titled Method of Determining Responsiveness to Cell Therapy in
Dilated Cardiomyopathy. 

We have the right to terminate the UM License
upon 60 days prior written notice, and either party has the right to terminate upon a breach of the UM License. To date, the Company
has made payments totaling 140,000 to UM, and as of December 31, 2022, we had accrued 50,000 in milestone fees payable to UM and 100,000
for patent related reimbursements based on the estimated progress to date. 

JMH MD Holdings 

On December 22, 2016, we entered into a worldwide
exclusive license agreement with JMH MD Holdings JMHMD ), an affiliate of our Chief Science Officer, for the use of CD271+
technology, a subpopulation of bone marrow-derived MSCs. We are required to pay JMHMD a running royalty in an amount equal to one percent
of the annual net sales of the licensed product(s) used, leased, or sold by or for us by any sub-licensees, which amounts are payable
on a country-by-country basis beginning on the date of first commercial sale and ending on the latter of expiration of the last to expire
patent rights in such country or ten years from the first commercial sale in such country (provided that if all claims within the patent
rights have expired or been finally deemed invalid then the royalty will be reduced by 50 ), and which may also be reduced to the extent
we are required to pay royalties to a third party for the same product or process. We are also required to pay an initial fee and, by
the first day of each anniversary of the Agreement, starting with the second anniversary, a minimum royalty of ten thousand dollars.
JMHMD also received an equity grant equal to one-half of one percent of the then outstanding units of the Company on a fully-diluted
basis. If we sublicense the technology, we are also required to pay an amount equal to 10 of the net sales of the sub-licensees. 

Under the agreement, the Company is required
to use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the following milestones: (i) submit an investigational new drug application to FDA
(or international equivalent) within one year of effective date of agreement, (ii) initiate a clinical trial utilizing bone marrow derived
CD271+ Precursor Cells within three years of the effective date; provided, that any of the milestones may be extended for up to six months
for a total of three times by notice and payment of a five thousand dollar extension fee. Failure to achieve these milestones within
five years of the effective date triggers a right of termination by JMHMD. Otherwise, the agreement is to remain in effect until either
the date all issued patents and filed patent applications have expired or been abandoned, or 20 years after the date of FDA approval
of the last commercialized product or process arising from the patent rights whichever comes later. Further, each party has the right
to terminate upon sixty days prior written notice, or in the event of breach. If the Company sublicenses the technology, it is
also required to pay an amount equal to 10 of the net sales of the sub-licensees. The Company to date has not incurred any royalty or
sublicense related expense, but has paid 45,000 in license fees( 10,000 per year for 2021, 2020 and 2019) and for a 15,000 extension
fee. In addition, the Company paid legal fees of approximately, 25,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in connection
with the patent prosecution, issuance, and maintenance fees related to CD271+ technology. 

9 

In-licensed Patents and Applications 

Bone Marrow Derived CD271+ Precursor Cells
for Cardiac Repair. We have in-licensed the exclusive right to use CD271+ MSC precursors from bone marrow to treat certain aging-related
conditions and diseases, such as frailty, Metabolic Syndrome, loss of muscle due to aging or frailty and neurocognitive disorders. That
patent has issued in Australia, China, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, Germany, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Italy,
Sweden, and Singapore. The patent application remains pending in U.S. (where there are two pending utility applications), Canada, and
Brazil. The Canadian and Brazilian applications have both been allowed. One of the U.S. applications is currently under appeal with the
USPTO. While method of use claims may relate to the use of CD271+ cells for cardiac repair, our license terms exclude our use of CD271+
cells for preventing and treating cardiovascular diseases or disorders, including congenital cardiovascular defects. Assuming that all
maintenance and annuity fees are paid, patents in this family are expected to expire in August 2031. 

Trademarks 

We have registered trademarks or applied for
registered trademarks for Longeveron in the following jurisdictions. We have begun to phase out the registrations and applications
for LMSC in favor of registrations for LOMECEL-B . In some jurisdictions multiple registrations and/or
applications exist so that multiple goods and/or services may be listed: 

Territory 
 
 LOMECEL-B 
 
 Longeveron 
 
 LMSC 
 
 The Bahamas 

Registered 
 
 Closed 
 
 Brazil 

Registered 

Canada 

Registered 

China 

Registered 
 
 Registered 
 
 European Union 

Registered 

Hong Kong 

Registered 

India 

Registered 

Japan 

Registered 
 
 Registered 
 
 South Korea 

Registered 

Morocco 

Registered 
 
 Registered 
 
 Panama 

Registered 

Switzerland 

Registered 

Taiwan 

Registered 

U.S. 
 
 Allowed 
 
 Allowed 
 
 Pending 
 
 Vietnam 

Registered 

Government Regulation and Biologic Drug Approval 

Government authorities in the U.S., at the federal,
state and local level, and other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing and export and
import of products such as those we are developing. We believe that the FDA will regulate Lomecel-B as a biologic drug (i.e.,
a biologic) through the biologics license application (BLA) process under the jurisdiction of the Center for Biologics Evaluation and
Research (CBER). We will work with FDA to confirm that a BLA is the most appropriate pathway and that CBER will be the FDA center responsible
for review and licensure (i.e., approval). However, FDA may disagree with us, in which case we will follow FDA s recommendation.
For future product candidates we will also confirm the appropriate approval pathway (i.e., BLA or new drug application (NDA)) and the
appropriate FDA center with regulatory oversight (i.e., CBER or the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER)). 

U.S. Biologic Drug Development Process 

In the U.S., biologic drugs or simply biologics are
regulated under two statutes: The Public Health Service Act (PHS Act) and the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) and their
implementing regulations. However, approval of only one application typically either a BLA or an NDA is required prior to
marketing. Numerous FDA Guidance Documents and other materials address specific aspects of development for specific types
of product candidates (e.g., cells, tissues, gene therapies, or vaccines). The process of obtaining approval and complying with applicable
statutes and regulations requires substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements before,
during, or after approval may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA s
refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold on ongoing clinical trials, issuance
of warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement
action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

10 

The process required by the FDA before a biologic
may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following steps: 

completion of preclinical laboratory
 tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with applicable regulations; 

submission of an IND, which must become effective
 before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an independent institutional review
 board (IRB) at each clinical site (or by one commercial IRB before each trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human
 clinical trials in accordance with current good clinical practice (cGCP) requirements to establish the safety, purity, and potency
 (i.e., efficacy) of the proposed biologic for its intended use; 

submission of a BLA after completion of all clinical
 trials; 

satisfactory outcome of an FDA advisory committee
 review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of
 clinical investigation sites and the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the biologic is produced; and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial
 marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the U.S. 

The specific preclinical studies and clinical
testing that is required for a BLA varies widely depending upon the specific type of product candidate under development. Prior to beginning
a human clinical trial with either a biologic or drug product candidate in the U.S., we must submit an IND that must become effective.
The focus of an IND is the general investigational plan and protocol for the proposed clinical study. The IND also includes results of
animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product;
chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational
product. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises
safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor
and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical hold is lifted and the clinical trial can begin. Submission
of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 

Clinical trials involve the administration of
the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with cGCPs, including that
all research subjects provide their informed consent to participate. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other
things, the study objectives, safety monitoring, and effectiveness criteria. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for
each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Other submissions to an IND include protocol amendments, information
amendments, IND safety reports and annual reports. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each clinical trial site (or a single commercial
IRB must review and approve the protocol and informed consent form before the clinical trial may begin. The IRB also monitors
the clinical trial until completed. 

Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor
may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable
health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some clinical trials also include oversight by an independent
group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data monitoring committee (DMC). A DMC authorizes whether
or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. The DMC may halt the clinical
trial based on an unacceptable safety risk or on other grounds, such as a failure to demonstrate efficacy. Related reporting requirements
for the sponsor, clinical investigator, and/or IRB also include IND safety reports and updating clinical trial results in public registries
(e.g., ClinicalTrials.gov). 

Human clinical trials are typically conducted
in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase 1: The product candidate is initially introduced
 into healthy human subjects to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion, side effects,
 and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases when the
 product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer it to healthy volunteers, Phase 1 studies may instead be conducted in
 individuals who have the targeted disease or condition instead of healthy subjects. 

Phase 2: The product candidate is administered
 to a limited population of individuals who have the specified disease or condition to evaluate safety, preliminary efficacy, optimal
 dosages and dosing schedule, possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to
 obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 (i.e., pivotal) clinical trials. 

Phase 3: Phase 3 clinical trials are generally
 the largest studies conducted at multiple clinical trial sites. The product candidate is administered to an expanded population that
 has the specified disease or condition to further evaluate dosage, provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy
 and gain additional safety data. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational
 product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

11 

Concurrent with clinical trials, sponsors usually
complete additional animal studies, develop information about the chemical and physical characteristics of the biologic and finalize
a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must
consistently produce quality batches of the product candidate. Furthermore, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity,
strength, quality and purity of the final biologic. In addition, the sponsor must develop and test appropriate packaging, and conduct
stability studies to demonstrate that it does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

During the development of a new biologic, sponsors
are given opportunities to meet with the FDA. These meetings typically occur prior to submission of an IND (i.e., pre-IND meeting), at
the end of Phase 2 (i.e., EOP2 meeting), and before a BLA is submitted (i.e., pre-BLA meeting). Meetings at other times may be requested.
These meetings provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice,
and for the sponsor and the FDA to reach agreement on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use EOP2 meetings to discuss
Phase 2 clinical results and present plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials that they believe will support approval of the new
biologic. 

U.S. Review and Approval Process for Biologic
Drugs 

Assuming successful completion of all required
testing, the sponsor submits a BLA containing the results of product development, preclinical and other non-clinical studies and clinical
trials, descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical testing, proposed labeling and other relevant information. The submission
of a BLA is subject to the payment of a substantial application fee under the Prescription Drug User Fee Amendments (PDUFA). PDUFA fees
apply to both drugs and biologics. Sponsors may seek a waiver of these fees in certain limited circumstances, including a waiver of the
application fee for the first BLA or NDA submitted by a small business. Product candidates with an orphan drug designation (ODD) are
not subject to the BLA application fee unless the product application also includes a non-orphan indication. 

The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other
things, whether a biologic is safe, pure, and potent (i.e., effective) for its intended use and whether its manufacturing is cGMP-compliant
to assure the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. Under PDUFA, the FDA has a goal date of ten months from the date
of filing to review and act on the submission. However, the time between submission and filing can add an additional two
months as FDA conducts a preliminary review to ensure that the BLA is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Formal FDA
review of the BLA does not begin until FDA has accepted it for filing. The FDA may refer an application in some cases to an advisory
committee for its independent review. An advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific
experts, that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation to FDA as to whether the application should be approved and under what
conditions. The FDA is not bound by advisory committee recommendations, but it considers them carefully when making decisions. 

Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically
inspect the locations where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing
processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMPs, and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required
specifications. An important part of a BLA is a lot release protocol that the sponsor will use to test each lot of product made after
BLA approval, as well as the FDA s own test plan that will be used for confirmatory testing of each post-approval product lot that
is made before it is released to the public. If the FDA determines that the data and information in the application are not acceptable,
then the FDA will outline the deficiencies and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of
any requested additional information, the FDA may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 

After the FDA evaluates a BLA, it will either
issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter (CRL). The approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biologic with
approved prescribing information for specific approved indications. On the other hand, a CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application
is complete but the BLA cannot be approved in its present form. A CRL usually describes the specific deficiencies and the actions the
sponsor must take to correct those deficiencies. A sponsor that receives a CRL must resubmit the BLA after addressing the deficiencies,
withdraw the application, or request a hearing. Even if such additional data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide the resubmitted
BLA still does not satisfy the approval criteria. 

Following marketing approval, a sponsor may need
to fulfill certain post-marketing requirements (PMRs) or post-marketing commitments (PMCs). These may include Phase 4 studies that are
used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients for the intended therapeutic indication. The trials may be agreed upon
prior to approval, or the FDA may require them if new safety issues emerge. A deferred pediatric study, if required (and not waived)
under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), may also be conducted post-approval if the product includes a new active ingredient,
new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration. 

12 

BLA approval may also include a risk evaluation
and mitigation strategy (REMS) that requires sponsor post-marketing regulatory efforts. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known
or potential serious risk associated with a drug or biologic and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing
their safe use. A REMS may include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use (ETASU) such as restricted
distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. 

FDA may withdraw the product approval if the
sponsor does not comply with PMRs, PMCs, a REMS program, or other post-marketing requirements. The FDA may also request that a product
be recalled for an identified safety issue. Finally, new legislative or regulatory requirements may be enacted or established, FDA policies
may change, or FDA may not achieve its PDUFA goal dates, all of which could impact the timeline for development programs and regulatory
approval. 

FDA Expedited Review Programs for Serious
Conditions 

Under various statutory and regulatory authorities,
the FDA has authority to review and approve certain products on an expedited basis if the products are intended to treat a serious condition
and meet other requirements. These expedited programs are discussed below. 

RMAT Designation. In 2017, the FDA established
the regenerative medicine advanced therapy (RMAT) designation as part of its implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act. Regenerative
medicine therapies to treat, modify, reverse, or cure serious conditions and that meet the appropriate criteria may be eligible for RMAT
designation as well as FDA s other expedited programs (i.e., fast track, breakthrough therapy, or priority review designations
or accelerated approval). Regenerative medicine therapies receiving RMAT designation must meet the same standards for approval as any
other biological product, including demonstrating the product s safety and effectiveness. As described in Section 3033 of the 21st
Century Cures Act, an investigational product is eligible for RMAT designation if: 

It is a regenerative
 medicine therapy, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product,
 human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products
 (except for those regulated solely under Section 361 of the PHS Act and 21 C.F.R. Part 1271); 

It is intended
 to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and 

Preliminary clinical
 evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such
 disease or condition. 

A request for an RMAT designation can be included
in a new IND, or submitted as an amendment to an existing IND. As with other expedited programs, the FDA can withdraw an RMAT designation
that has been granted if the designation criteria are no longer met. Benefits of the designation include, among others, early FDA interactions,
and the RMAT designation does not require evidence to indicate that the drug may offer a substantial improvement over available therapies.
Receiving an RMAT designation is not the same as receiving FDA product approval. 

Fast-Track Designation. The fast-track designation
is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drug and biologic drug products that meet certain criteria. Specifically,
products are eligible for this designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate
the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. FDA may review sections of the marketing applications on a
rolling basis before the complete application is submitted if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the application sections,
the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required
user fees upon submission of the first section. Receiving a fast-track designation is not the same as receiving FDA product approval. 

Priority Review Designation. A product is eligible
for priority review designation if it is for a drug that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement
in safety or effectiveness of the treatment, prevention, or diagnosis of a serious condition. The FDA will attempt to direct additional
resources to the evaluation of an application for a priority review-designated product in an effort to facilitate the review. The FDA
endeavors to review applications with priority review designations within six months of the filing date as compared to the standard ten
months for review. Receiving a priority review designation is not the same as receiving FDA product approval. 

Breakthrough Therapy Designation. A sponsor may
seek FDA designation of a product candidate as a breakthrough therapy if the product is intended, alone or in combination
with one or more other products, to treat a serious condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects
observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the features of a fast-track designation, as well as more intensive
FDA interaction and guidance. If a product receives this designation, then the FDA will work to expedite the development and review of
that product. Receiving a breakthrough therapy designation is not the same as receiving FDA product approval. 

13 

Accelerated Approval. A drug product intended
to treat a serious condition may be eligible for accelerated approval upon a determination that the product provides a meaningful advantage
over available therapies and has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical
endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible
morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability
or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor perform adequate and well-controlled
post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, the FDA currently requires pre-approval of promotional materials as a condition for accelerated
approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Accelerated approval is an approval pathway,
not a designation like the other examples listed above. 

Even if a product candidate qualifies for one
or more of these programs, the standard for approval (i.e., safety and effectiveness) does not change. We may explore one or more of
these opportunities for Longeveron product candidates as appropriate, as the programs are not mutually exclusive. 

Marketing Exclusivity 

In the case of biologic drugs, several types
of marketing exclusivity may apply: 

Reference product exclusivity; 

Orphan drug exclusivity; and 

Pediatric exclusivity. 

Reference Product Exclusivity 

We believe that FDA will regulate Lomecel-B 
as a new biologic and will require submission and approval of a BLA under the PHS Act. The PHS Act includes a framework for determining
when a biologic is a reference product and therefore eligible for marketing exclusivity. The reference product is the single
biological product against which a biosimilar (a product that is highly similar to and has no clinically meaningful differences from
the reference product) or an interchangeable biosimilar (a product that is both biosimilar to, and will produce the same clinical result
as, the reference product) is evaluated. 

FDA must determine the date of first licensure 
(i.e., approval) of a biologic which will, in turn, determine whether that biologic qualifies as a reference product that will be eligible
for statutory exclusivity (and when such exclusivity will expire). Typically (but not always) the date of approval is the date of first
licensure. FDA will not approve a biosimilar or interchangeable biosimilar until the date that is 12 years after the date on which the
reference product was first approved. However, FDA may receive an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable biosimilar four years
after the date on which the reference product was first approved. These 12- and four-year terms are each extended by six months if the
product has been awarded pediatric exclusivity. 

Legal uncertainties remain about FDA s
application of the date of first licensure and statutory exclusivity provisions to cell therapy products. At the appropriate time, we
intend to provide information to FDA so that FDA can determine the date of first licensure of Lomecel-B (or any other product
candidate that will be regulated as a biologic) and the date from which statutory exclusivity will begin to run. However, FDA may not
make an immediate decision about the date of first licensure at the time it approves a new biologic. Furthermore, there is currently
no precedent showing how FDA will apply this statutory framework to a cell therapy product. The law in this area will likely continue
to evolve. 

Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity. 

Congress enacted the Orphan Drug Act in 1983
to spur development of drugs and biologics to treat diseases or conditions affecting few U.S. patients. FDA may grant an orphan drug
designation (ODD) for a drug or biologic drug being developed to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as affecting
fewer than 200,000 persons in the U.S., or affecting more than 200,000 persons in the U.S. but for which there is no reasonable expectation
that development costs will be recovered from U.S. sales of the product. A request for ODD must be submitted to the FDA before a marketing
application is submitted (i.e., BLA or NDA), but there is no assurance that FDA will award an ODD if requested. In the fourth quarter
of 2021, FDA granted ODD to Longeveron s Lomecel-B for the treatment of HLHS. 

An ODD does not change the regulatory review
standards of safety and effectiveness and does not shorten the length of the FDA review or approval process. If an investigational product
with an ODD subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, then the approved
product may be eligible to receive orphan drug exclusivity (ODE) that prevents FDA from approving any other applications to market the
same drug or biologic for the same rare disease or indication for seven years, except in several specific circumstances including, among
others, demonstrating clinical superiority of a new product vs. the product with ODE because of greater safety, greater effectiveness,
or making a major contribution to patient care. Even if an investigational product has an ODD, there is no guarantee that FDA will award
ODE upon approval. 

14 

Competitors may receive approval of either a
different product for the same use or indication, or the same product for a different use or indication. Approved drugs and biologics
can also be used by physicians off-label, which is within the scope of their practice of medicine. Accordingly, ODE is not an absolute
protection against potentially competing products. Moreover, an ODE awarded to another sponsor could block FDA approval of one of Longeveron s
product candidates for seven years. 

The law involving ODDs and ODEs, including FDA s
interpretation of same drug, is continuing to evolve. Most notably, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit
issued a decision in Catalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Becerra in September 2021 that significantly modified FDA s longstanding
interpretation and application of the scope of ODE. In Becerra , the court held that ODE applied to all uses or indications within
an orphan-designated disease, not only to the approved use or indication within the designated disease as stated in FDA regulations and
as applied by FDA in practice. Although FDA announced in January 2023 that it would only apply the Becerra court s decision
to the specific parties involved in that case, it is possible that FDA could face additional administrative or legal challenges to its
interpretation of the scope and applicability of ODD and ODE. 

In addition to the potential award of seven-year
ODE upon product approval, the benefits of an ODD also include eligibility for certain research tax credits and a waiver of the marketing
application fee otherwise required under PDUFA. An application for a prescription product with an ODD is not subject to an application
fee unless the application also includes an indication for a non-rare disease or condition as well. For fiscal year 2023, the application
fee for a new drug or biologic requiring clinical studies is 3,242,026. 

Pediatric Exclusivity. Pediatric exclusivity
provides for an additional six months of marketing exclusivity attached to another period of exclusivity (e.g., ODE) if a sponsor conducts
clinical trials in children in response to a written request from the FDA. The issuance of a written request does not require the sponsor
to undertake the described clinical trials. 

Post-approval Requirements. Any products
manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation, including, among other
things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution,
and advertising and promotion of the product. There also are continuing, annual program fees under PDUFA for any marketed products. Establishment
registration of drug and biologic drug manufacturers and their subcontractors with FDA and certain state agencies subjects those entities
to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA for compliance with cGMPs, imposing certain procedural and documentation requirements.
Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA
approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMPs and impose
reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue
to expend time, money and effort for production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMPs and other regulatory requirements. 

The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with
regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of
previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes,
or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition
of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions
under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete
 withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters, or untitled letters; 

clinical holds on clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to
 approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export
 of products; 

consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion
 from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the
 issuance of corrective information; 

the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press
 releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

15 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling,
advertising and promotion of approved products. A company can make only those claims that were approved by the FDA in the application
for marketing approval and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the
laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other
things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. 

Physicians may prescribe, in their independent
professional medical judgment, legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ
from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for certain patients
in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of approved treatments, as the practice
of medicine is outside the scope of FDA s authority. However, the FDA restricts manufacturer s communications on the subject
of off-label use of their products. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal penalties against companies for alleged
improper promotion of off-label use and has enjoined companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA and other regulatory agencies
have also required that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed
or curtailed. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s
FDA-approved labeling. 

Other Healthcare Laws 

Pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers
are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign
jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. Such laws include, without limitation, the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, False
Claims Act, Consumer Fraud Act, and other federal laws and regulations, as well as similar foreign laws in jurisdictions outside the
U.S., where applicable, involving fraud and abuse, price reporting, data privacy and security, and transparency. Similar state and local
laws and regulations may also restrict business practices in the pharmaceutical industry, including but not limited to, research, distribution,
sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors,
including private insurers, or by patients themselves; requirements to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance
guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made
to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; requirements relating to pricing and marketing information; requirements
to track and report gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to physicians, other healthcare providers and entities or
that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; requirements regarding the registration of pharmaceutical sales
representatives; and other applicable laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which
differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. Violation of any
of such applicable laws or regulations may result in penalties, including, either separate or in combination and without limitation,
significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become
subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, the curtailment
or restructuring of operations, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and imprisonment. 

Japanese Laws and Regulations 

Under the 2014 law passed by the Japanese government,
two new Acts were added that regulate regenerative medicine development and offer two pathways to market for regenerative medicine therapeutic
candidates: The ASRM and the PMDA. 

Japan s Act on the Safety of Regenerative
Medicine. The ASRM route is intended to allow physicians to provide cellular therapies to patients through an application process
that is regulated by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW). Manufacturers of cell and gene therapy products wishing
to utilize this pathway must identify and work with a partner clinic or hospital which enables the clinic to act as the distributor,
with the manufacturer receiving a fee or a royalty, for example. The ASRM route may require a clinical trial or other clinical data in
order to seek approval from the MHLW. Treatments under the ASRM route must be provided by a medical institution for the purpose of either
 medical research or as a medical treatment at one s own expense. Therapies provided under this framework
are not covered by Japan s National Health Insurance. 

Japan s Pharmaceutical Medical
Device Act. The PMDA includes special treatment for regenerative medicine products and identifies them as a stand-alone medical category
with a novel conditional approval system. Sponsors seeking manufacturing approval need to provide clinical data to show
that the product does not have any major safety concerns, clinical data to demonstrate probable efficacy, and satisfy established
chemistry, manufacturing and controls criteria. A conditional approval can therefore occur after a Phase 2 trial. The conditional approval
period lasts for a maximum of seven years. Sponsors that receive conditional approval must re-apply, with additional satisfactory safety
and efficacy data, for a full unconditional approval within the timeframe provided to them under the conditional approval. A conditional
approval allows the product to be marketed and partially reimbursed through Japan s National Health Insurance. 

16 

Coverage and Reimbursement 

Sales of any pharmaceutical product depend, in
part, on the extent to which the product will be covered and reimbursed by government payors (e.g., federal and state healthcare programs),
third-party payors (e.g., commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations), and other payors (e.g., foreign government healthcare
programs). Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any newly approved product. For example, there
is no assurance that a product will be considered medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication, will be considered cost-effective
by payors, that an adequate level of reimbursement will be established even if coverage is available or that the payors reimbursement
policies will not adversely affect the ability for manufacturers to sell products profitably. 

Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and
amount of reimbursement to be provided are generally made on a plan-by-plan basis, meaning one third-party payor s decision to
cover a particular product does not ensure that other payors will also provide similar coverage. As a result, the coverage determination
process can require manufactures to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of a product, and require providers to show medical
necessity for use, to each payor separately. This process can be time-consuming, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement
will be applied consistently or even obtained. 

Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and
reimbursement for pharmaceutical or biological products will apply to companion diagnostics. For example, for products administered under
the supervision of a physician, the difficulty in obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be increased because of the higher
prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and apart
from the coverage and reimbursement of the companion pharmaceutical or biological product. However, separate reimbursement for the product
itself, the companion product, or the treatment or procedure for which the product is used may not be available, which, in turn, may
also impact physician utilization. 

Payors are also increasingly reducing reimbursements
for pharmaceutical products and services through continued implementation of cost-containment programs, including price controls, requirements
for substitution of generic products and restrictions on coverage and reimbursement, which could further limit sales of any product.
In addition, payors continue to question safety and efficacy while also challenging the prices charged, examining medical necessity and
reviewing the cost effectiveness of pharmaceutical products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of
more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit sales of any product. Decreases of
this nature surrounding reimbursement for any product or a decision by a government and third-party payor not to cover a product could
result in reduced physician usage and patient demand for the product. 

In international markets, reimbursement and healthcare
payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies.
For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national
health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve
a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the
company placing the medicinal product on the market. Pharmaceutical products may face competition from lower-priced products in foreign
countries that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products and may also compete with imported foreign products. Furthermore,
there is no assurance that a product will be considered medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication, will be considered
cost-effective by third-party payors, that an adequate level of reimbursement will be established even if coverage is available or that
the third-party payors reimbursement policies will not adversely affect the ability for manufacturers to sell products profitably. 

Healthcare Reform 

In the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions,
there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system. In
March 2010, the ACA was signed into law, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
insurers in the U.S. By way of example, the ACA increased the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name
drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 of the Average Manufacturer Price (AMP) or the difference between AMP and best price, whichever
is greater; required collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; imposed a non-deductible annual fee
on each covered entity engaged in the business of manufacturing or importing branded prescription drugs; implemented a new methodology
by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled,
implanted, or injected (often referred to as 5i drugs expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; created a
new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research,
along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service
delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 

17 

Since its enactment, there have been judicial
and Congressional challenges that would either repeal, or repeal and replace, all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive
repeal legislation, two bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have passed. For example, in 2017, Congress
enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which eliminated, effective January 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the
ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as
the individual mandate. In addition, the 2020 Consolidated Appropriations Act permanently eliminated, effective January
2020, the ACA-mandated Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and, effective
January 2021, also eliminated the health insurer tax. Other legislative changes have also been adopted since the ACA was enacted, including
mandatory sequestration (e.g., aggregate reductions of certain Medicare payments of up to 2 ), which will remain in effect through fiscal
year 2031 absent Congressional action. 

With these Congressional changes came continued
yet unsuccessful attempts to repeal the ACA in its entirety through the judiciary. For example, on December 14, 2018, a Texas U.S. District
Court Judge ruled that the individual mandate is a critical and inseverable feature of the ACA, and therefore, because it was repealed
as part of the Tax Act, the remaining provisions of the ACA were invalid as well. Additionally, on December 18, 2019, the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the 5th Circuit ruled that the individual mandate was unconstitutional and remanded the case back to the District Court
to determine whether the remaining provisions of the ACA are invalid as well. There were also three separate challenges in front of the
U.S. Supreme Court, the latest on June 17, 2021, wherein a challenge to the ACA from 18 Republican state attorneys general and the Trump
Administration was rejected and dismissed for lack of standing. 

We expect such judicial and Congressional challenges
to continue. There has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed
products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation designed, among other things, to
reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products and bring more transparency to product pricing and
the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. 

Further, on May 30, 2018, the Trickett Wendler,
Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Beilina Right to Try Act of 2017, or the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law,
among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new product candidates that have
completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients
can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There
is no obligation for a drug manufacturer to make its products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 

On July 9, 2021, President Biden signed the Executive
Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy, which is focused on increasing competition in several industries, including
the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Among other things, the Executive Order directs the Department of Health and Human Services
to increase support for generic and biosimilar drugs, continue to improve the approval framework for generics and biosimilars, to issue
a comprehensive plan to combat high prescription drug prices and price gouging, identify efforts to impeded generic and biosimilar competition,
and to standardize plan options in the National Health Insurance Marketplace to improve competition and consumer choice. The Executive
Order also encourages the FTC to ban unfair anticompetitive conduct or agreements such as pay for delay and similar agreements,
in which brand-name drug manufacturers pay generic drug manufacturers to stay out of the market, resulting in an estimated 3.5 billion
increase in drug prices per year. 

Human Capital Management 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 19 full-time
employees, two part-time employees and one full-time and one part-time consultant. Among those, five had M.D. or Ph.D. degrees, one has
an M.A. degree, and one has a J.D. degree. Of these full-time employees and consultants, 14 are engaged in research and development activities.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be good. 

Information about our Executive Officers and
other key employees is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the sections entitled Executive Compensation, Non-Employee
Director Compensation, The Board of Directors and its Committees Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Available Information 

The Company was formed as a Delaware limited
liability company in October 2014 and converted into a Delaware corporation in February 2021 in connection with our IPO. Our principal
executive offices are located at 1951 NW 7 th Avenue, Suite 520 Miami, Florida 33136 and our telephone number is (305) 909-0840. 

18 

Our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the SEC. We are subject to the informational
requirements of the Exchange Act, and we file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and
other information we file with the SEC are available free of charge at our website www.longeveron.com when such reports are available
on the SEC s website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Longeveron periodically provides other information for investors
on our corporate website, including press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance
and presentations. Our website address is www.longeveron.com, and we make our filings with the SEC available on the Investor Relations
page of our website. Our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. The information found on, or
that can be accessed from or that is hyperlinked to, our website does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated into, this Form
10-K. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol LGVN . 

Risk Factors Summary 

The following is a summary
of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Please refer to Item 1A Risk
Factors of this Form 10-K below for additional discussion of the risks summarized in this Risk Factors Summary. 

Risks Relating to our Business 

We have limited
 operating history, liquidity and capital challenges; 

The novelty of
 our technologies, whether their potential will be realized, and challenges in obtaining regulatory
 acceptance; 

Risks relating
 to the materials used in our products, and our processing and storage facilities; 

Future competition
 for product sales; 

We face risks
 related to the current COVID-19 pandemic and other health epidemics and outbreaks; 

We face risks,
 including inflation and supply shortages, resulting from adverse macroeconomic conditions
 resulting from various factors; and 

The use of our
 product candidates or future products in individuals may expose us to product liability claims,
 and we may not be able to obtain adequate product liability insurance. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

If our trade secret
 and patent position does not adequately protect our products and uses, others could compete
 against us more directly; 

If certain license
 agreements are terminated, our ability to continue clinical trials and commercially market
 products could be adversely affected; 

We may be unable
 to sufficiently protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, trade secrets,
 and know-how; 

Third-party claims
 of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product development efforts; 

If the Company s
 intellectual property has not all been properly assigned to the Company, we may not be able
 to commercialize our technology and derive revenue; 

Intellectual property
 rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage; and 

The potential
 impact of intellectual property regulation, legislation and litigation on our ability to
 operate. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Governmental
Regulations 

We may not be
 able to successfully develop our product candidates; 

Failure to get
 required regulatory approvals for conducting clinical trials, or final marketing approval; 

We may not be
 able to secure and retain research institutions to conduct our clinical trials; and 

Producing and
 marketing an approved drug or other medical product is subject to significant and costly
 post-approval regulation. 

19 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We face various
 risks relating to our reliance on third party suppliers, manufacturers and distributors; 

The successful
 commercialization of our current or future product candidates will depend on obtaining reimbursement
 from government and third-party payors; 

We may enter into
 arrangements with third-party collaborators to help us develop our product candidates and
 commercialize our products, and our ability to commercialize such products may be impaired
 or delayed if collaborations are unsuccessful; and 

If we engage in
 future acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements,
 dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject
 us to other risks. 

Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Commercialization
of Our Product Candidates 

Interim, topline 
 and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish may change as more
 data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result
 in material changes in the final data, and our later stage or subsequent clinical trial results
 may not show efficacy, and may not support our earlier stage clinical safety and efficacy
 results for any particular indication that we are studying or may study; 

We may expend
 our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to
 capitalize on other product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for
 which there is a greater likelihood of success; and 

We may face difficulties
 from changes to current regulations and future legislation, both in the U.S. as well as in
 other foreign jurisdictions where we may be operating. 

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock and the Securities
Market 

We face volatility
 for various reasons with respect to our Class A Common Stock; 

We may be unable
 to access additional required capital, or be unable to access additional capital on terms
 that we find acceptable, and may be limited in the amount of capital we may raise due to
 our size; 

Raising additional
 capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require
 us to relinquish rights to our product candidates on unfavorable terms to us; 

We are subject
 to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention; and 

Provisions in
 our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent
 a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the
 market price of our Class A Common Stock. 

Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Our Growth and Other
Risks Related to Our Business 

We have never
 commercialized a product candidate before and may lack the necessary expertise, personnel
 and resources to successfully commercialize any products on our own or together with suitable
 collaborators; and 

In order to successfully
 implement our plans and strategies, we will need to grow our organization, and we may experience
 difficulties in managing this growth. 

20 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information in this
10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below and the other information in this report, including our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in
this 10-K and in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
before deciding whether to invest in our Class A Common Stock or to maintain or change your investment. Our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected if any of these risks occurs, and as a result, the market
price of our Class A Common Stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. This 10-K also contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results
could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including
those set forth below. For a summary of these risk factors, please see Risk Factors Summary beginning on page 21 of this
10-K. 

Risks Related to our Business 

We have a limited operating history and
have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and predict our future
success and viability. 

We are a clinical stage biotechnology company
with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We have no products approved for commercial
sale and have not generated any material revenue from product sales. To date, we have devoted substantially all of our resources and
efforts to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, building and equipping our research and development laboratories,
building and equipping our manufacturing suites, raising capital, acquiring raw materials for manufacturing, product candidate development
and manufacturing, securing related intellectual property rights and conducting clinical trials of Lomecel-B . We have not yet
demonstrated our ability to obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so
on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. As a result, it may be more
difficult for you to accurately predict our future success or viability than if we had a longer operating history. 

In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by clinical stage biotechnology
companies in rapidly evolving fields, including but not limited to changes in FDA or foreign body regulatory oversight of products. We
also may need to transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. Such a transition
may involve substantial additional capital requirements in order to launch and market a product, changes in the use of proceeds, and
significant adjustment to personnel, compared to a clinical-stage development company. If we do not adequately address these risks and
difficulties or successfully make such a transition, our business will suffer. 

If the potential of our product candidates
to treat diseases is not realized, the value of our technology and our development programs could be significantly reduced. 

Our team is currently exploring the potential
of our product candidates to treat diseases. We have not yet proven in clinical trials that our product candidates will be a safe and
effective treatment for any disease or condition. Our product candidates are susceptible to various risks, including undesirable and
unintended side effects, unintended immune system responses, inadequate therapeutic efficacy, or other characteristics that may prevent
or limit their marketing approval or commercial use. We have not yet completed all of the testing necessary to allow us to make a determination
that serious unintended consequences will not occur. If the potential of our product candidates to treat disease is not realized, the
value of our technology and our development programs could be significantly reduced. Because our product candidates are based on MSCs,
any negative developments regarding the therapeutic potential or side effects of our MSCs, or regarding scientific and medical knowledge
about MSCs in general, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

21 

Our product development programs are based
on novel technologies and are inherently risky. 

We are subject to the risks of failure inherent
in the development of product candidates based on new technologies. The novel nature of our product candidates creates significant challenges
in regards to product development and optimization, manufacturing, government regulation, third-party reimbursement, and market acceptance.
For example, although the FDA has approved several cell therapy products, the FDA has relatively limited experience with regulating these
kinds of therapies, and its regulations and policies are still evolving. As a result, the pathway to regulatory approval for our product
candidates may be more complex and lengthier. 

Additionally, stem cells that are taken from
one person and transplanted into a different individual may pose additional risks. For example, stem cells that are not autologous (i.e.,
taken from, and given to, the same individual) but are instead allogeneic (i.e., taken from one individual and given to a different person)
are subject to donor-to-donor variability, which can make standardization more difficult. As a result of these factors, the development
and commercialization pathway for our therapies may be more complex and lengthier, and subject to increased uncertainty, as compared
to the pathway for new conventional (i.e., new chemical entity) drugs. 

There are no FDA-approved allogeneic, cell-based
therapies for Aging-related frailty, Alzheimer s disease (AD), or other aging-related conditions, nor Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome
or other cardiac-related indications. This could complicate and delay FDA approval of our product candidate for these indications, or
other indications we study or will study. 

Although FDA has approved several cell therapy
products, there are no allogeneic cell-based or stem cell therapies currently approved by the FDA for the treatment of Aging-related
frailty or our other indications. There are also no conventional drugs or therapies currently approved by the FDA with stated indications
for Aging-related frailty, Aging, or Frailty. 

According to the FDA, neither Aging-related
frailty does not have a definition that are acceptable for characterizing the conditions for regulatory purposes, and there are
no precedents for regulatory approvals in these indications. This could prevent, complicate and/or delay regulatory approval of our product
candidate for these indications. 

The FDA and the Japanese PMDA have both indicated
that the concept of Frailty as an indication will require additional clinical data and discussion before future pivotal
trials and marketing authorization. Because the condition of Frailty lacks consensus, there is no guarantee that PMDA, FDA or any regulatory
agency will agree to an approvable indication, that there will be consensus regarding the definition of the condition or will agree on
clinical endpoints that would be considered acceptable for demonstrating clinically meaningful benefit. More specifically, our ability
to begin Phase 3 (i.e., pivotal) trials in a Frailty or Aging-related frailty indication will depend on our
Phase 2 clinical data and subsequent interactions with FDA where we would discuss the size and scope of a Phase 3 program, the appropriate
target patient population (i.e., defining the indication), and agreement on one or more primary endpoints that demonstrate clinically
meaningful outcome. 

It is possible that the FDA may never recognize
 aging as a disease and may never agree to a definition of Aging-related frailty primarily due to a lack of
consensus on the definitions amongst clinicians, researchers and regulators, an insufficient understanding of the underlying pathophysiologic
mechanisms that cause any or all of the manifestations, or both. To obtain FDA approval for any indication for the disease states we
are studying, we will have to demonstrate, among other things, that our product candidates are safe and effective for that indication
in the target population. The results of our clinical trials must be statistically significant, meaning that there must be sufficient
data to indicate that it is unlikely the outcome occurred by chance. The FDA will also require us to demonstrate an appropriate dose
(i.e., number of cells) and dosing interval for our product candidates, and to identify and define treatment responders, which may require
additional clinical trials. As a result, the clinical endpoints, the criteria to measure the intended results of treatment, and the correct
dosing for our cell-based therapeutic approaches for these indications may be difficult to determine. These challenges may prevent us
from developing and commercializing products on a timely or profitable basis, or at all. 

22 

If we are not able to recruit and retain
qualified management and scientific personnel, we may fail in developing our technologies and product candidates. 

Our future success depends to a significant extent
on the skills, experience, and efforts of the principal members of our scientific and management personnel. These members include Joshua
M. Hare, M.D. and our staff of scientific consultants. Our co-founder, Dr. Hare, remains employed by the University of Miami (UM), and
provides services to us as a consultant on a limited basis. The loss of Dr. Hare or any or all of these individuals could harm our business
and might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of research, development or business objectives. Competition for regulatory,
clinical manufacturing and management personnel in the pharmaceutical industry is intense. We may be unable to recruit or retain personnel
with sufficient management skills in the area of cell therapeutics or attract or integrate other qualified management and scientific
personnel in the future. 

Our product candidates represent new classes
of therapy that the marketplace may not understand or accept. 

Even if we successfully develop and obtain regulatory
approval for our product candidates, the market may not understand or accept them. We are developing product candidates that represent
novel treatment approaches and will compete with a number of more conventional products and therapies manufactured and marketed by others,
including major pharmaceutical companies. The degree of market acceptance of any of our future developed and potential products will
depend on a number of factors, including: 

the clinical safety and effectiveness of our products and their perceived
 advantage over alternative treatment methods; 

our ability to demonstrate that our cell-based products can have a
 clinically significant effect, initially for Aging-related frailty, AD, HLHS, and other disease states for which we may seek marketing
 approval; 

ethical controversies that may arise regarding the use of stem cells
 or human tissue of any kind, including adult stem cells, adult bone marrow, and other adult tissues derived from donors; 

adverse events involving our product candidates or candidates of others
 that are cell based; 

our ability to supply a sufficient amount of our products to meet regular
 and repeated demand in order to develop a core group of medical professionals familiar with and committed to the use of our products;
 and 

the cost of our products and the reimbursement policies of government
 and third-party payors. 

If the health care community does not accept
our product candidates or future approved products for any of the foregoing reasons, or for any other reason, it could affect our sales
or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Our dependence upon a limited supply of
bone marrow donors and biologic growth media may impact our ability to produce sufficient quantities of our product candidates as needed
to complete our clinical trials, and if our trials are successful, to meet product demand. 

The population of acceptable bone marrow donors
is limited to volunteers between the ages of 18 and 45. In addition, potential donors are prescreened for a variety of health conditions
and are only allowed to donate bone marrow a total of six times in their lifetime, further limiting the total number of potential donors.
The amount of bone marrow donated may be insufficient for us to mass produce our product candidates at a scale sufficient to meet our
clinical trial needs or to produce a product to meet future commercial demand at an acceptable cost. In addition, the expansion of MSCs
through our proprietary manufacturing methods utilizes biologic growth media that may be in limited supply. Our product candidates will
be inherently more difficult to manufacture at commercial-scale than conventional pharmaceuticals, which are manufactured using precise
chemical formulations and operational methods. Cost-effective production at clinical trial or commercial scale quantities may not be
achievable. 

23 

Future government regulation or health concerns
may also reduce the number of donors or otherwise limit the amount of bone marrow available to us. If we cannot secure quantities of
bone marrow or biologic growth media sufficient to meet the manufacturing demands for our clinical trials, we might not be able to complete
our clinical trials and obtain marketing approval for our product candidates. Moreover, even if our clinical trials are successful and
we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates, our inability to secure enough bone marrow or biologic growth media to meet
product demand could limit our potential revenues. 

MSCs are biological entities derived from
human bone marrow and therefore have the potential for disease transmission and can pose risks to the recipient. 

MSC therapies require many manufacturing steps.
Cells must be harvested from donor tissue, isolated, and expanded in cell culture to produce a sufficient number of cells for use. Each
step carries risks for contamination by other cells, microbes, or adventitious agents. The transfer of cells into a recipient can also
carry risks and complications associated with the procedure itself, and a recipient may reject the transplanted cells. 

Further, the utilization of donated bone marrow
creates the potential for transmission of cancer and communicable disease, including but not limited to human immunodeficiency virus
(HIV), viral hepatitis, syphilis, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, and other viral, fungal, or bacterial pathogens. Although we and our suppliers
are required to comply with federal and state regulations intended to prevent communicable disease transmission, we or our suppliers
may fail to comply with such regulations. Further, even with compliance, our products might nevertheless be viewed by the public as being
associated with transmission of disease, and a clinical trial subject or patient who contracts an infectious disease might assert that
the use of our product candidate or products resulted in disease transmission, even if the individual became infected through another
source. 

Any actual or alleged transmission of communicable
disease could result in clinical trial subject or patient claims, litigation, distraction of management s attention, increased
expenses, and adverse regulatory authority action. Further, any failure in screening, whether by us or other manufacturers of similar
products, could adversely affect our reputation, the support we receive from the medical community, and overall demand for our products.
As a result, such actions or claims, whether or not directed at us, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with our customers
and our ability to market our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. 

If our processing and storage facility
or our clinical manufacturing facilities are damaged or destroyed, our business and prospects could be negatively affected. 

Our processing and storage facility is located
in a region which experiences severe weather, notably hurricanes, from time to time. If this facility in Miami, Florida or the equipment
in the facility were to be significantly damaged or destroyed, we could suffer a loss of some or all of the stored units of our product
candidates and it could force us to halt our clinical trial processes. The risk of tropical storm and hurricane activity historically
rises on or about June 1 st each year, and subsides on or about November 30 th each year. We have not undertaken
a systematic analysis of the potential consequences to our business and financial results from a major hurricane or tornado, flood, fire,
earthquake, power loss, terrorist activity or other disasters and do not currently have a recovery plan for such disasters. If we underestimate
our insurance needs, we will not have sufficient insurance to cover losses above and beyond the limits on our policies. In addition,
we do not carry sufficient insurance to compensate us for actual losses from interruption of our business that may occur, and any losses
or damages incurred by us could harm our business. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations
and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 

24 

Ethical and other concerns surrounding
the use of stem cell therapy or human tissue may negatively affect public perception of us or our future products or product candidates,
or may negatively affect regulatory approval of our future products or product candidates, thereby reducing demand for our future products. 

The commercial success of our product candidates
will depend in part on general public acceptance of the use of MSC therapy for the prevention or treatment of human diseases. Although
we do not use embryonic stem cells or fetal tissue, but the public may not be able to, or may fail to, differentiate our use of adult
MSCs from the use of embryonic stem cells or fetal tissue by others, which could result in a negative perception of our company or our
future products or product candidates, thereby reducing demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

We may obtain MSCs from volunteer adult bone
marrow donors from non-profit organizations that collect and process tissue donations. Bone marrow donors receive payment, but ethical
concerns have been raised by some about the use of donated human tissue in a for-profit setting, as we are doing. Future adverse events
in the field of stem cell therapy, changes in public policy, or changes to the FDA s regulatory approval framework for these products
could also result in greater governmental regulation of our product candidates or products, and potential regulatory delays relating
to their testing or approval. 

We may eventually compete for product sales
with other companies, many of which will have greater resources or capabilities than we have, or may succeed in developing better products
or in developing products more quickly than we do, and we may not compete successfully with them. 

We compete or may eventually compete with other
companies and organizations that are marketing or developing therapies for our targeted disease indications, based on traditional pharmaceutical,
medical device, or other non-cellular therapy and technologies. In addition, we have other potential competitors developing a variety
of therapeutics, and in some cases, such as with Alzheimer s disease, there may be tens or hundreds of companies seeking to commercialize
therapeutics. 

We also face competition in the cell therapy
field from academic institutions and governmental agencies. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater financial and
human resources than we have, including more experience in research and development and more established sales, marketing, and distribution
capabilities. 

We anticipate that competition in our industry
will increase. In addition, the health care industry is characterized by rapid technological change, resulting in new product introductions
and other technological advancements. Our competitors may develop and market products that render product candidates under development
by us now or in the future, or any products manufactured or marketed by us, non-competitive or otherwise obsolete. 

We have ongoing challenges with respect
to our liquidity and access to capital. 

As we advance the preclinical and clinical development
of our programs, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses, for which we do not have offsetting revenue.
We expect that our sales, research and development and general and administrative costs will increase in connection with conducting additional
preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current and future programs and product candidates, contracting with contract research
organizations (CROs) to support preclinical studies and clinical trials, expanding our intellectual property portfolio, and providing
general and administrative support for our operations. As a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we
may obtain from additional equity or debt financings, collaborations, licensing arrangements, or other sources. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 19.7 million
in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private
equity financings, grant awards, and fees generated from clinical trial revenue and contract manufacturing services. There are no assurances
that we will be able to continue to finance operations through these means, and our inability to generate sufficient revenue in the near
term may have an adverse impact on our business, operations and prospects. 

25 

We face risks related to health epidemics
and outbreaks. 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 continues to
impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and continues to impact our Bahamas Registry
Trial business. It is also possible that the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health risks could adversely affect our business, results
of operations, financial condition or liquidity in the future. For example, they could impact the timing and enrollment of our collaborators 
planned or ongoing clinical trials, delaying clinical site initiation, regulatory review and the potential receipt of regulatory approvals,
payment of milestones under our license agreements and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, if approved. The COVID-19
pandemic and other public health risks could also disrupt the production capabilities of our contract manufacturing facility. Further,
the outbreak of COVID-19 has heightened the risk that a significant portion of our workforce will suffer illness or otherwise be unable
to work. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is fluid and continues to evolve, and therefore, we cannot currently predict the extent
to which our business, clinical trials, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity will ultimately be impacted. In addition,
COVID-19 or other public health risks could materially and adversely impact our operations due to, among other factors: 

a general decline in business activity; 

difficulty accessing the capital and credit markets on favorable terms,
 or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets, or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions
 which could affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations; 

the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, especially
 if a significant number of them or any of their family members are impacted or if any of our senior leaders are impacted for an extended
 period of time; 

the potential negative impact on our ability to monitor the investigative
 sites participating in our clinical studies in person or even remotely, which could result in a deviation from pre-pandemic protocols
 and/or site monitoring and data management plans, and delays in our ability to perform data-related tasks dependent on communications
 with personnel at the investigative sites, such as resolution of open data queries, the cumulative effects of which could lead to
 delayed or missed identification of non-compliance with cGCP, and/or unrecognized data errors; 

potential delays in the preparation and submission of applications
 for regulatory approval of our products, as well as potential delays in FDA s ability to review applications in a timely manner
 consistent with past practices; 

potential difficulty in adequately overseeing and/or evaluating the
 manufacturing process at the facilities that will manufacture future commercial products; and 

a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during
 a disruption. 

Adverse global
conditions, including macroeconomic uncertainty, may negatively impact our financial results. 

Global conditions, dislocations
in the financial markets, or continuing inflation could adversely impact our business. In addition, the global macroeconomic environment
has been and may continue to be negatively affected by, among other things, instability in global economic markets, increased U.S. trade
tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, instability in the
geopolitical environment as a result of the Russian invasion of the Ukraine, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union,
and other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns. Such challenges have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty
and instability in local economies and in global financial markets, which may adversely affect our business. 

We have a history of losses and may not
be able to achieve profitability going forward. 

We have experienced significant losses since
inception and, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, had an accumulated deficit of approximately 62.8 million and 43.9 million, respectively.
We expect to incur additional losses in the future and expect the cumulative losses to increase. We expect our operating expenses to
increase and it is not likely that our grant revenues will fully fund our clinical programs. In such event, we will not have sufficient
cash flow to meet our obligations or make progress in our clinical programs and will need to raise additional capital. 

26 

We have been funded in part by government
and non-profit association grant awards, which is not a guaranteed source of future funding. 

The funding of government programs is dependent
on budgetary limitations, congressional appropriations and administrative allotment of funds, and changes in national health and welfare
priorities, all of which are inherently uncertain and may be affected by changes in U.S. government policies resulting from various political
and military developments. Our continued receipt of government and non-profit association funding is also dependent on the ability to
adhere to the terms and provisions of the original grant and contract documents and other regulations. We can provide no assurance that
we will receive or continue to receive funding for the grants and contracts we have been awarded. The loss of government funds or non-profit
association grant awards could have a material adverse effect on our clinical programs and on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. For additional detail regarding the grant awards, we have received from governmental and non-profit associations,
see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Grant Awards 
 on page 64 of this report . 

The use of our product candidates or future
products in individuals may expose us to product liability claims, and we may not be able to obtain adequate product liability insurance. 

Because of the nature of our products, we face
an inherent risk of product liability claims. None of our product candidates have been widely used over an extended period of time, and
therefore our safety data are limited. We derive the raw materials for our product candidates from human donor sources, the manufacturing
process is complex, and the handling requirements are specific, all of which increase the likelihood of quality failures and subsequent
product liability claims. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if and when we receive approval for and begin commercializing
our product candidates. We may not be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms with adequate coverage
or at all. If we are unable to obtain insurance, or if claims against us substantially exceed our coverage, then our business could be
adversely impacted. Whether or not we are ultimately successful in any product liability litigation, such litigation either before or
after product approval and marketing could consume substantial amounts of our financial and managerial resources and could result in,
among other things: 

significant awards against us; 

substantial litigation costs; 

recall of products or termination of clinical trials; 

FDA withdrawal of marketing approval of products or suspension or revocation
 of an IND for a product candidate; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

withdrawal of clinical trial sites or investigators; or 

adverse regulatory action. 

Any of these results could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

If our trade secret and patent position
does not adequately protect our product candidates and their uses, others could compete against us more directly, which could harm our
business and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability
to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates. The patent position of biotechnology companies is
generally highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and continues to be the subject of much litigation. Our trade
secrets attempt to bridge the gap that threatens patent exclusivity for the protection of products derived from MSCs. Our trade secrets
also remain valid and enforceable without regard to limitations such as term restrictions that are imposed on patents. Our trade secrets
and know-how are the subject of various license agreements and confidentiality agreements as further discussed below. 

27 

The claims of existing U.S. and foreign patent
applications and patents, and those patents that may issue in the future, or those to be licensed to us, that are owned by the Company
or under an obligation of assignment to the Company, may not confer on us significant commercial protection against competing products.
Furthermore, to the extent that the Company owns or is assigned or licenses patent rights covering its business, third parties may challenge
or design around those patent rights, such as by asserting that the patents are invalid or arguing that the patent claims should be narrowly
construed, and thereby avoid successful infringement actions. 

Our patent applications on MSC technology, in
particular, include claims directed to therapeutic uses and kits comprising MSCs. Patents with such claims tend to be more vulnerable
to challenge by other parties than patents with extremely narrow claims. Also, our pending patent applications may not issue, may issue
with substantially narrower claims than currently pending claims, or we may not receive any additional patents. Further, the laws of
foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Our patents might not
contain claims that are sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from competing with us with their own
technology in the fields of interest to us. 

Although the Company has obligations of assignment
and has been assigned patents and patent applications concerning stem cell products and their uses, none of those patents or presently
pending applications has granted claims or pending claims that, if granted, would prevent a third party from commercializing their own
allogeneic stem cell therapy for those indications that we are studying. Consequently, our competitors may independently develop competing
products that do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property. 

Control over patented technology requires the
Company to obtain formal assignment of patents and applications from third parties. Although the Company believes it has contracts requiring
formal assignment of the patent properties in its patent portfolio, there is risk that the inventors and research partners now of record
as owning these patent properties will refuse to execute documents confirming assignment of their rights to the Company or that litigation
will be required to compel the execution of those documents. In the meantime, those inventors and research partners may claim to be co-owners
of some of the patent portfolio. 

Because of the extensive time required for development,
testing, and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that, before any of our product candidates can be commercialized,
any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantages
of the patent. To the extent our product candidates based on that technology are not commercialized ahead of this patent expiration,
to the extent we have no other patent protection on such products, or to the extent that regulatory or patent extensions are not granted,
those products might not have the robust protection we currently expect to enjoy. The background technologies used in the development
of our product candidates are known in the scientific community, and it may be possible to duplicate the methods we use to create our
product candidates, which makes us vulnerable to competition, without the ability to exclude others from potentially commercializing
a similar product. 

If certain license agreements are terminated,
our ability to continue clinical trials and commercially market products could be adversely affected. 

We are a party to various agreements that give
us rights to use specified technologies applicable to research, development, and commercialization of our product candidates. If these
agreements are voided or terminated, our product development, research, and commercialization efforts may be altered or delayed. Certain
aspects of our technology rely on inventions developed using university or other third-party resources. The universities or third parties
may have certain rights, as defined by law or applicable agreements, and may choose to exercise such rights. If we fail to comply with
any terms or provisions of these agreements, our rights and our access to the universities or third parties resources could
be terminated. The Exclusive License Agreement with the University of Miami dated November 20, 2014, as amended on December 11, 2017,
and on March 3, 2021, requires the Company to pay fees and royalties and to make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve milestones.
The University of Miami may terminate the Exclusive License Agreement for material breach if the fees and royalties are not paid, or
if the milestones are not met and an extension to achieve the milestones is not agreed upon. 

28 

Some of our employees, including but not limited
to Dr. Hare, are employed by third party employers in addition to being employed or engaged as a consultant by the Company. Such employees
and consultants may owe obligations to the third-party employers related to that employment. Those third-party employers may assert that
they are entitled to assignment of some or all rights of new inventions made by such employees or consultants. If we are unable to conclusively
prove that we are entitled to assignment of those rights, we may be required to negotiate co-ownership to or a license of those rights,
if such an arrangement is available at all. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our proprietary information, trade secrets, and know-how, our competitive position could be impaired and our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. 

As disclosed above, some aspects of our technology,
especially regarding manufacturing processes, are unpatented and maintained by us as trade secrets. In an effort to protect these trade
secrets, we require our employees, consultants, collaborators, and advisors to execute confidential disclosure agreements before the
commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or
made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed
to third parties. These agreements, however, may not provide us with adequate protection against improper use or disclosure of confidential
information, and these agreements may be breached. A breach of confidentiality could affect our competitive position. In addition, in
some situations, these agreements may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of third parties with whom our employees, consultants,
collaborators, or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. Also, others may independently develop substantially
equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. 

Adequate remedies may not exist in the event
of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information. The disclosure of our trade secrets could impair our competitive position
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Third-party claims of intellectual property
infringement may prevent or delay our product development efforts. 

Our commercial success depends in part on our
avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents
and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and
pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates.
As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates,
methods of making product candidates, and methods of using product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights
of others. 

Third parties may assert that we infringe their
patents or are otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and may sue us. We are aware of several U.S. patents
held by third parties covering potentially similar or related products and their manufacture and use. Generally, conducting clinical
trials and other acts relating to FDA approval are not considered acts of infringement in the U.S. If and when Lomecel-B MSCs
are approved by the FDA, third parties may seek to enforce their patents by filing a patent infringement lawsuit against us. Patents
issued in the U.S. by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only with evidence that is clear and convincing, 
a heightened standard of proof. We may not be able to prove in litigation that any patent enforced against us is invalid. 

Additionally, there may be third-party patents
of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to
the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending
patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. Some of those patent applications
may not yet be available for public inspection. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our
technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing
process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself,
the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidates unless we obtain a license under
the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held not infringed, unpatentable, invalid or
unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations,
processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent
may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent
expires or is finally determined to be held not infringed, unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on
commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could
in turn significantly harm our business. 

29 

Parties making claims against us may seek and
obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product
candidates. They might seek an exclusion order from the International Trade Commission to prevent import of our product candidates. Defense
of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee
resources from our business and may impact our reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have
to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses
from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary
expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable
terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow
commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms,
if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business
significantly. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our patents or the patents of our collaborators or licensors, which could be expensive and time consuming. 

Litigation may be necessary to enforce patents
issued or licensed to us, to protect trade secrets or know-how, or to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights. Litigation,
opposition, or other patent office proceedings could result in substantial additional costs and diversion of management focus. If we
are ultimately unable to protect our technology, trade secrets, or know-how, we may be unable to operate profitably. Competitors may
infringe our patents or the patents of our collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file infringement claims to
protect our proprietary rights, which can be expensive and time-consuming, particularly for a company of our size. In addition, in an
infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to enjoin the other party
from using the technology at issue. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents
at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Litigation or other patent office proceedings may fail and, even if successful,
may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. We may not be able, alone or with our collaborators and licensors,
to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully
as in the U.S. 

Furthermore, though we could seek protective
orders where appropriate, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation,
there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition,
during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim
proceedings or developments. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our Class A Common Stock could
be significantly harmed. 

Our industry is highly competitive and
subject to significant or rapid technological change. 

The biotechnology industry, including our fields
of therapeutic interest, is highly competitive and subject to significant and rapid technological change. Accordingly, our success may
depend, in part, on our ability to respond quickly to such change through the development and introduction of new products. Our ability
to compete successfully against currently existing and future alternatives to our product candidates and systems and competitors who
compete directly with us in the biopharmaceutical industry may depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain skilled scientific
and research personnel, develop technologically superior products, develop competitively priced products, obtain patent or other required
regulatory approvals for our products, be an early entrant to the market and manufacture, market, and sell our products, independently
or through collaborations. If a third party were to commercialize a competitive product, there is no assurance that we would have a basis
for initiating patent infringement proceedings or that, if initiated, we would prevail in such proceedings. 

If our product candidates are approved by the
FDA, then potential competitors who seek to introduce generic versions of our product candidates may seek to take advantage of the abbreviated
approval pathway for biological products shown to be biosimilar to or interchangeable with our product candidates. The Biologics Price
Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 might permit these potential competitors to enter the market using a shorter and less costly development
program for a biosimilar product that competes with our products. As discussed, our ability to obtain one or more types of regulatory
exclusivity upon product approval could impact the timing of approval of a competing biosimilar or interchangeable product. 

If all of the Company s intellectual
property has not been properly assigned to the Company, our business, financial condition, results of operation, and prospects could
be adversely affected. 

While the Company believes that each patent application
or patent has already been assigned or, if it has not yet been formally assigned, is under an obligation to be assigned to the Company
either through direct employment agreements between the Company and the inventors, or through research agreements with a third party
and the Company, if such is not the case, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely
affected. 

30 

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily
address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The degree of future protection afforded by our
intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business
or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able to develop products that are
 similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first
 to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or patent application that we own or license; 

we or our licensors might not have been the first
 to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative
 technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

some or all of our licensors pending patent
 applications may not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we own or license may be held
 invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development
 activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive
 products for sale in our major commercial markets or in commercial markets where we do not have patent rights; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies
 that are patentable; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect
 on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, it could significantly
harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

Intellectual property litigation may lead
to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation and causes the market price of our common shares to decline. 

During the course of any intellectual property
litigation, there could be public announcements of the initiation of the litigation as well as results of hearings, rulings on motions,
and other interim proceedings in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the perceived
value of our existing products, programs or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of shares of our
Class A Common Stock may decline. Such announcements could also harm our reputation or the market for our future products, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Patent reform legislation could increase
the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 

In September 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents
Act, or Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These
include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. In particular, under
the Leahy-Smith Act, the U.S. transitioned in March 2013 to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other
requirements of patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent regardless of whether
a third party was first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013
but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of that we also made even if we had made the invention before
the invention was made independently by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention
to filing of a patent application. Furthermore, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the
differences between our technology and the prior art allow our technology to be patentable over the prior art. Since patent applications
in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that
we were the first to either (1) file any patent application related to our product candidates or (2) invent any of the inventions claimed
in our patents or patent applications. 

31 

The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of
significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing
third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent
by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review (PGR), inter partes review (IPR), and derivation proceedings.
An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce the scope or enforceability of, or invalidate, our patent
rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position. 

Because of a lower evidentiary standard necessary
to invalidate a patent claim in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in U.S. federal courts, a third party could potentially
provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a patent claim invalid even though the same evidence would be
insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the
USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant
in a district court action. Thus, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the
prosecution of our or our licensors patent applications and the enforcement or defense of any resulting issued patents, all of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Changes in U.S. patent law, or laws in
other countries, could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 

As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies,
our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical
industry involve a high degree of technological and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and enforcing biopharmaceutical patents is
costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in the interpretations of patent laws in the U.S.
and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property and may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the
prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may
be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. In addition, Congress or other foreign legislative bodies may pass patent
reform legislation that is unfavorable to us. 

For example, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled
on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening
the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our or our licensors ability
to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained.
Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. federal courts, the USPTO, or similar authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the
laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our or our licensors ability to obtain
new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents we might obtain in the future. 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect
our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S.,
if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional
filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the term of a patent, and the protection it affords, are limited. Even if patents
directed to our product candidates are obtained, once the patent term has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products.
Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of product candidates, patents directed to our product
candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide
us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

If we or our licensors do not obtain patent
term extension for our product candidates and/or methods of their use, our business may be materially harmed. 

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics
of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates and their methods of use, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited
patent term restoration. These laws permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during
product development and the FDA regulatory review process. A maximum of one patent may be extended per FDA-approved product as compensation
for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent
beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for
using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. 

32 

Patent term extension may also be available in
certain foreign countries upon regulatory approval of our product candidates. However, we or our licensors may not be granted an extension
because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise
failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Patent term extension may also not be granted because the product candidates and/or methods
of use are determined not to be the first permitted marketing or use of those drug candidates in the jurisdiction in question, or patent
term extension may not be granted because the product candidates and/or methods of use are determined not to constitute an active
ingredient or use of an active ingredient that is eligible for patent term extension. Moreover, if patent term extension
is granted then the additional time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we or our licensors
are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors
may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced, possibly materially. Further,
if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical
data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. 

Although we have in-licensed issued patents and
pending patent applications in the U.S. and certain other countries, filing, prosecuting and defending patents in all countries throughout
the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive
than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent
as federal and state laws in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our in-licensed inventions
in all countries outside the U.S. or from selling or importing products made using our in-licensed inventions in and into the U.S. or
other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our in-licensed technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to
develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we or our licensors have patent
protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our or our
licensors patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many foreign countries do not
favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement
of our or our licensors patents or the marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights. Proceedings to
enforce our or our licensors patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and
attention from other aspects of our business, could put our or our licensors patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted
narrowly and our or our licensors patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims
against us. We or our licensors may not prevail in any lawsuits that we or our licensors initiate, and the damages or other remedies
awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our or our licensors efforts to enforce or defend our intellectual
property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
develop or license. 

Many countries have compulsory licensing laws
under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability
of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which
could materially diminish the value of such patents. If we or our licensors are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect
to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements imposed by regulations and governmental
patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity
fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to the USPTO and various foreign patent offices at
various points over the lifetime of our patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we
rely on third parties to pay these fees when due. Additionally, the USPTO and various foreign patent office s require compliance
with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process and after a
patent has been granted. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse
can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with rules applicable to the particular jurisdiction. However,
there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial
or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

33 

Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other
Government Regulations 

If we are not able to successfully develop
and commercialize our product candidates and obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, we may not generate sufficient revenues to continue
our business operations. 

To generate sales revenue from our product candidates,
we must conduct extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective and
we must obtain required regulatory approvals. Our early-stage product candidates may fail to perform as we expect. Moreover, our product
candidates in later stages of development may fail to show the required safety and effectiveness for approval despite having progressed
successfully through preclinical or initial clinical testing. We may need to devote significant additional research and development,
financial resources, and personnel to develop commercially viable products. If our product candidates do not prove to be safe and efficacious
in clinical trials, we will not obtain the required regulatory approvals. If we fail to obtain such approvals, we may not generate sufficient
revenues to continue our business operations. 

Even if we obtain regulatory approval of a product
candidate, that approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which it may be marketed. Even after granting regulatory
approval, the FDA and regulatory agencies in other countries continue to review and inspect marketed products, manufacturers, and manufacturing
facilities, which may create additional regulatory burdens. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer,
or facility may result in restrictions on the product or manufacturer, including a withdrawal of the product from the market or a withdrawal
of the approved application by the FDA. Furthermore, FDA may require post-approval studies or other post-approval commitments. Failure
to comply with or meet those requirements or commitments could result in withdrawal of the approved application by FDA. Regulatory agencies
may also establish additional regulations, policies, or guidance that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. 

We cannot market and sell our product candidates
in the U.S. or in other countries if we fail to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. 

We cannot sell our product candidates until regulatory
agencies grant marketing approval. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain, and the legal requirements
for obtaining approval may change. It is likely to take several years to obtain the required regulatory approvals for our lead signaling
cell product candidates, or we may never gain the necessary approvals. Any difficulties that we encounter in obtaining regulatory approval
may have a substantial adverse impact on our operations. Moreover, because our product candidates are all based on only three platform
technologies, any adverse events in any of our clinical trials for one of our product candidates could negatively impact the clinical
trials and approval process for our other product candidates. 

The pathway to regulatory approval for MSCs may
be more complex and lengthier than for approval of a new conventional drug. Similarly, to obtain approval to market our cell products
outside of the U.S., we, together with our collaborative partners, will need to file appropriate applications and submit clinical data
concerning our product candidates and receive regulatory approval from governmental agencies, which in certain countries includes approval
of the price we intend to charge for our product. We may encounter delays or rejections if changes occur in regulatory agency regulations,
policies or guidance during the period in which we develop a product candidate or during the period required for review of any application
for regulatory agency approval. If we are not able to obtain regulatory approvals for use of our product candidates under development,
we will not be able to commercialize such products, and therefore may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to support our business. 

34 

If we are not able to conduct our clinical
trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval by FDA and other regulatory authorities may be delayed or denied. 

The completion of our clinical trials may be
delayed or terminated for many reasons, including, but not limited to, if: 

the FDA does not grant INDs to test the product candidates in humans; 

the FDA does not grant, or suspends, permission to proceed and places
 a trial on clinical hold; 

we are not able to identify sufficient clinical trial sites and/or
 clinical trial investigators to begin or complete a trial; 

subjects do not enroll in our trials at the rate we expect; 

subjects experience an unacceptable rate or severity of adverse side
 effects; 

third-party clinical investigators do not perform our clinical trials
 on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, cGCP and regulatory requirements, or other third parties
 do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

inspections by the FDA or IRBs of clinical trial sites at research
 institutions participating in our clinical trials find regulatory violations that require us to undertake corrective action, suspend,
 or terminate one or more sites, or prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications; or 

one or more IRBs suspends or terminates the trial at an investigational
 site, precludes enrollment of additional subjects, or withdraws its approval of the trial. 

Our development costs will increase if we have
material delays in our clinical trials, or if we are required to modify, suspend, terminate, or repeat a clinical trial. If we are unable
to conduct our clinical trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval may be delayed or denied by the FDA. 

Final marketing approval of our product
candidates by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for commercial use may be delayed, limited, or denied, any of which could adversely
affect our ability to generate operating revenues. 

Final marketing approval for our product candidates
may be delayed, limited, or denied if, among other factors: 

we are unable to satisfy the significant clinical testing required
 to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of our product candidates before marketing applications can be filed with the FDA; 

FDA does not agree with our interpretation of data obtained from preclinical
 and nonclinical animal testing or human clinical trials, even though the data can be interpreted in different ways; 

we fail at any stage of the development and testing of our product
 candidates, which may take years to complete; 

we receive negative or inconclusive results or reports of adverse side
 effects during a clinical trial; or 

the FDA requires us to expand the size and scope of the clinical trials
 or to conduct one or more additional trials. 

If marketing approval for our product candidates
is delayed, limited, or denied, our ability to market products, and our ability to generate product sales, could be adversely affected. 

There has been very little success in gaining
FDA approval for an Alzheimer s disease drug, and we have not had success to date in developing Alzheimer s disease therapeutics. 

Despite billions of dollars invested by the biopharmaceutical
industry in research programs to develop novel therapeutics for AD, there have only been two FDA-approved treatments. Aduhelm 
 (aducanumab-avwa), an amyloid beta-directed antibody, was approved by FDA in 2021 under FDA s accelerated approval pathway
based upon the drug s effect on a surrogate endpoint. FDA has required confirmatory trials of clinical benefit, and there is ongoing
public discussion of the drug s clinical benefit. Leqembi (lecanemab-irmb), also an amyloid beta-directed antibody,
was approved in January 2023 under the accelerated approval pathway as well and will therefore likewise require confirmatory trials. 

35 

Many new types and classes of drugs have been
developed and tested in AD, including monoclonal antibodies, g-secretase modulators and inhibitors, -site amyloid precursor protein
cleaving enzyme (BACE) inhibitors, receptor for advanced glycation end-products (RAGE) inhibitors, nicotinic agonists, serotonin subtype
receptor (5HT6) antagonists, and others. The vast majority of these scientific programs have failed in clinical testing. Moreover, we
have not had any success to date in developing therapeutics for AD, and may never do so. 

We may not be able to secure and maintain
research institutions to conduct our clinical trials. 

We rely on research institutions to conduct our
clinical trials. Specifically, the limited number of bone marrow transplant centers further heightens our dependence on such research
institutions for our future Phase 3 clinical trials. Our reliance upon research institutions, including hospitals and clinics, provides
us with less control over the timing and cost of clinical trials and the ability to recruit subjects. If we are unable to reach agreement
with suitable research institutions on acceptable terms, or if any resulting agreement is terminated, we may be unable to quickly replace
the research institution with another qualified institution on acceptable terms. Even if we do replace the institution, we may incur
additional costs to conduct the trial at the new institution. We may not be able to secure and maintain suitable research institutions
to conduct our clinical trials. 

Producing and marketing an approved drug
or other medical product is subject to significant and costly post-approval regulation. 

Even if approved for commercial sale, we may
be required to conduct Phase 4 (i.e., post-marketing) clinical trials or comply with other post-marketing requirements or commitments
for the products. Even if we obtain approval of a product, we can only market the product for the approved indications. After granting
marketing approval, the FDA and regulatory agencies in other countries continue to review and inspect marketed products, manufacturers,
and manufacturing facilities, creating additional regulatory burdens. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product,
manufacturer, or facility may result in restrictions on the product or manufacturer, including a withdrawal of the product from the market
or withdrawal of product approval. Further, regulatory agencies may establish different or additional regulations that could impact the
post-marketing status of our products. 

Our business involves the use of hazardous
materials that could expose us to environmental and other liability. 

We have contract facilities in Florida that are
subject to various local, state, and federal laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices,
the experimental use of animals, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including chemicals, micro-organisms,
and various radioactive compounds used in connection with our research and development activities. In the U.S., these laws include the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act, and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We cannot
guarantee that accidental contamination or injury to our employees and third parties from hazardous materials will not occur. We do not
have insurance to cover claims arising from our use and disposal of these hazardous substances other than limited clean-up expense coverage
for environmental contamination due to an otherwise insured peril, such as fire. 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We rely on third parties to provide us
with supplies to produce our product candidates. Any problems experienced by these third parties could result in a delay or interruption
in the supply of our product candidates for our clinical trials and future approved products to our customers, which could have a material
negative effect on our business. 

We rely on third parties to provide us with supplies
to produce our product candidates. If the operations of these third parties are interrupted or if they are unable to meet our delivery
requirements due to capacity limitations or other constraints, we may be limited in our ability to fulfill our supply of product candidates.
Any prolonged disruption in the operations of third parties could have a significant negative impact on our ability to produce our product
candidates for pre-clinical and clinical trials or sell our future approved products, could harm our reputation and could cause us to
seek other third-party contracts, thereby increasing our anticipated development and commercialization costs. In addition, if we are
required to change third parties for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new third parties maintain facilities and procedures
that comply with quality standards required by the FDA and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The delays associated with
the qualification of a new third party could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or receive approval for any
product candidates in a timely manner. 

36 

We currently depend upon third parties
for services and raw materials needed for the manufacture of our product candidates, and if these products are successfully commercialized,
we may become dependent upon third parties for product distribution. If any of these third parties fail or are unable to perform in a
timely manner, our ability to manufacture and deliver could be compromised. 

To produce our product candidates for use in
clinical studies, and to produce any of our product candidates that may be approved for commercial sale, we require biologic media, reagents,
and other highly specialized materials in addition to the bone marrow aspirate used in the manufacture of our product candidates. These
items must be manufactured and supplied to us in sufficient quantities and in compliance with the regulations governing cGMP and Current
Good Tissue Practice (cGTP) promulgated by the FDA. To meet these requirements, we have entered into supply agreements with firms that
manufacture these components to meet cGMP and cGTP standards. Our requirements for these items are expected to increase if and when we
transition to the manufacture of commercial quantities of our product candidates. 

In addition, as we proceed with our clinical
trial efforts, we must be able to demonstrate to the FDA that we can manufacture our product candidates with consistent characteristics.
While we currently produce our product candidates in our own facility, scaling up the manufacturing process would require us to develop
a larger facility, which could require significant time and capital investments to conform to applicable manufacturing standards. Alternatively,
we may be required to outsource some or all of our manufacturing, which would cause us to be materially dependent on these suppliers
for supply of cGMP- and cGTP-grade components of consistent quality. Our ability to complete ongoing clinical trials may be negatively
affected in the event that we are forced to seek and validate a replacement source for any of these critical components. If we are not
able to obtain adequate supplies of these items of consistent quality from our third-party suppliers, it will also be more difficult
to manufacture commercial quantities of our product candidates that are approved for commercial sale. 

In addition, if one or more of our product candidates
is approved for commercial sale, we intend to rely on third parties for their distribution. Proper shipping and distribution require
compliance with specific storage and shipment procedures (e.g., prevention of damage to shipping materials and prevention of temperature
excursions during shipment). Failure to comply with such procedures will necessitate return and replacement, potentially resulting in
additional cost and causing us to fail to meet supply requirements. 

Use of third-party manufacturers may increase
the risk that we will not have adequate quantities of our product candidates. 

We may use a third-party manufacturer to supply
our product candidates for clinical trials or other uses at some point. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which
we would not be subject if we manufactured such components ourselves, including reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance
and quality assurance, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party or termination or nonrenewal of the agreement
by the third party, based on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

Future contract manufacturers are or will be
subject to all of the risks and uncertainties that we would be subject to if we manufactured the product candidates on our own. Similar
to us, third-party manufacturers are subject to ongoing, periodic, and unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state and
foreign agencies or their designees to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and cGTP regulations and other governmental regulations and
corresponding foreign standards. Although we do not control compliance by our contract manufacturers with these regulations and standards,
we as the manufacturer assume the liabilities for our contract manufacturers non-compliance. Our future contract manufacturers
might not be able to comply with these regulatory requirements. If our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulations,
the FDA or other regulatory authorities could impose penalties on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, consent decrees,
invocation of FDA s Application Integrity Policy, issuance of warning or untitled letters, denial of marketing approval of our
product candidates, delays, suspensions, or withdrawals of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or
our other products, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions. Any of these actions could significantly and adversely affect
supplies of our product candidates or other products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

37 

If we decide to use third-party manufacturers
in the future, they will likely be dependent upon their own third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply shortages and price
fluctuations, which could harm our business. 

The operations of any future third-party manufacturers
will likely be dependent upon their own third-party suppliers. A supply interruption or an increase in demand beyond a supplier s
capabilities could harm the ability of any future manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates or approved products until the
manufacturer identifies and qualifies new sources of supply. Reliance on these third-party manufacturers and their suppliers could subject
us to a number of risks that could harm our business, including: 

interruption of supply resulting from modifications to or discontinuation
 of a supplier s operations; 

failure of third-party manufacturers or suppliers to comply with their
 own legal and regulatory requirements; 

delays in product shipments resulting from uncorrected defects, reliability
 issues, or a supplier s variation in a component; 

a lack of long-term supply arrangements for key components with our
 suppliers; 

inability to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner, or to obtain
 adequate supply on commercially reasonable terms; 

difficulty and cost associated with locating and qualifying alternative
 suppliers for components in a timely manner; 

production delays related to the evaluation and testing of products
 from alternative suppliers, and corresponding regulatory qualifications; 

delay in delivery due to suppliers prioritizing other customer orders
 over ours or those of our third-party manufacturers; 

damage to our brand reputation caused by defective components produced
 by the suppliers; and 

fluctuation in delivery by the suppliers due to changes in demand from
 us, our third-party manufacturers or their other customers. 

Any interruption in the supply of components
of our product candidates or future products or materials, or our inability to obtain substitute components or materials from alternate
sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demands of our clinical trials or of our future
customers, which would have an adverse effect on our business. 

We will depend on third-party distributors
in the future to market and sell our future products which will subject us to a number of risks. 

We will depend on third-party distributors to
sell, market, and service our future products in our intended markets. We are subject to a number of risks associated with reliance upon
third-party distributors including: 

lack of day-to-day control over the activities of third-party distributors; 

failure of the third-party distributors to comply with their own legal
 and regulatory requirements; 

third-party distributors may not commit the necessary resources to
 market and sell our future products to our level of expectations; 

third-party distributors may terminate their arrangements with us on
 limited or no notice or may change the terms of these arrangements in a manner unfavorable to us; and 

disagreements with our future distributors could result in costly and
 time-consuming litigation or arbitration which we could be required to conduct in jurisdictions with which we are not familiar. 

If we fail to establish and maintain satisfactory
relationships with our future third-party distributors, our revenues and market share may not grow as anticipated, and we could be subject
to unexpected costs which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

38 

The successful commercialization of our
current or future product candidates will depend on obtaining reimbursement from government and third-party payors, and price controls
in foreign markets could adversely affect our future profitability. 

If we successfully develop and obtain necessary
regulatory approvals, we intend to sell our product candidates in countries such as the U.S. and Japan. In the U.S., the market for any
pharmaceutical product is affected by the availability of reimbursement from government and third-party payors, such as government health
administration authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations, and pharmacy benefit management companies. MSC
therapies may be expensive compared with conventional pharmaceuticals, due to the higher cost and complexity associated with the research,
development, and production of product candidates, the small size and large geographic diversity of the target patient population for
some indications, and the complexity associated with distribution of signaling cell therapies which require special handling, storage,
and shipment procedures and protocols. This, in turn, may make it more difficult for us to obtain adequate reimbursement from government
and third-party payors, particularly if we cannot demonstrate a favorable cost-benefit relationship. Government and third-party payors
may also deny coverage or offer inadequate levels of reimbursement for our potential products if they determine that the product has
not received appropriate clearances from the FDA or other government regulators or is experimental, medically unnecessary or inappropriate. 

In some other countries where we may seek to
market our products, such as Japan, the pricing of prescription pharmaceutical products and services and the level of government reimbursement
are subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take six to twelve months
or longer after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we or
our potential future collaborators may be required to conduct one or more clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of our
product candidates or products to other available therapies. Conducting one or more additional clinical trials would be expensive and
could result in delays in commercialization of our product candidates. 

Managing and reducing health care costs has been
of great concern in the U.S. and various foreign governments. Although we do not believe that any recently enacted or presently proposed
legislation in any jurisdictions in which we currently operate should impact our business based on our current model, we might be subject
to future regulations or other cost-control initiatives that materially restrict the pricing or reimbursement of our products. In addition,
payors are continuing to limit reimbursements for newly approved health care products while also challenging the price and cost-effectiveness
of medical products and services. In particular, payors may limit the indications for which they will reimburse patients who use any
products that we may develop. Finally, cost control initiatives could decrease the price for products that we may develop, which could
result in lower product revenues to us. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing
is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be adversely affected. 

We may enter into arrangements with third-party
collaborators to help us develop our product candidates and commercialize our products, and our ability to commercialize such products
may be impaired or delayed if collaborations are unsuccessful. 

We are parties to various collaborations with
third parties, and may enter into additional collaborations in the future. We are dependent upon the success of our current and any future
collaborators in performing their responsibilities in connection with the relevant collaboration. If we fail to maintain these collaborative
relationships for any reason, we would need to perform the activities that we currently anticipate would be performed by our collaborators
on our own at our sole expense. This could substantially increase our capital needs, and we may not have the capability or financial
capacity to undertake these activities on our own, or we may not be able to find other collaborators on acceptable terms, or at all.
This may limit the programs we are able to pursue and result in significant delays in the development, sale, and manufacture of our product
candidates and products, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our dependence upon our current and potential
future collaborations exposes us to a number of risks, including that our collaborators (i) may fail to cooperate or perform their contractual
obligations, including financial obligations, (ii) may choose to undertake differing business strategies or pursue alternative technologies,
or (iii) may take an opposing view regarding ownership of clinical trial results or intellectual property. 

39 

Due to these factors and other possible events,
we could suffer delays in the research, development, or commercialization of our product candidates and future products or we may become
involved in litigation or arbitration, which could be time consuming and expensive. We additionally may be compelled to split revenue
with our collaborators, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If we engage in future acquisitions or
strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent
liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 

From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisition
opportunities and strategic partnerships, including licensing or acquiring complementary products or product candidates, intellectual
property rights, technologies or businesses. Any potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 

increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent
 liabilities; 

the issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property
 and products or product candidates of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention
 from our existing programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel
 and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other
 party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party to receive marketing approvals for their existing products or
 product candidates; and 

our inability to generate revenue from acquired
 technology, product candidates and/or approved products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even
 to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 

In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or
pursue partnerships in the future, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses
and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable
acquisition opportunities, and this inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be
important to the development of our business. 

Risks Related to the Discovery, Development
and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

Interim, topline and preliminary
data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more data become available and are subject
to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary
or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data. These
results and related findings and conclusions are based on assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions, and are subject to
change following the generation of additional data or a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial.
As a result, the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions
or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject
to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously
published. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 

40 

From time to time, we may also disclose interim
data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. For example, we have reported interim data from our ongoing clinical trials elsewhere
in this report. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes
may materially change as subject enrollment continues and more subject data become available or as subjects from our clinical trials
continue other treatments for their disease. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly
harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price
of our Class A Common Stock. 

Further, others, including regulatory agencies,
may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance
of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular
product candidate or product and the value of our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding
a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we
determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. 

If the interim, topline, or preliminary data
that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our
ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may expend our limited resources to
pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on other product candidates or indications that may be more
profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because we have limited financial and managerial
resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific indications. As a result, we may forego
or delay pursuit of opportunities with other therapeutic platforms or product candidates or for other indications that later prove to
have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize
on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs,
therapeutic platforms and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately
evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product
candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us
to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 

The U.S. FDA, Japanese PMDA and other comparable
foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from trials conducted in locations outside of their jurisdiction. 

We are conducting several trials in the U.S.,
and we recently entered into a sponsored clinical research agreement with the National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology and Juntendo
University Hospital in Japan to explore the safety and efficacy of Lomecel-B in older, frail Japanese subjects. The acceptance
of study data by the U.S. FDA, Japanese PMDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority from clinical trials conducted outside
of their respective jurisdictions may be subject to certain conditions. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended
to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign
data alone unless (1) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (2) the trials are performed by clinical
investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to cGCP requirements; and (3) the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site
inspection or other appropriate means. The FDA may accept the use of some foreign data to support a marketing approval if the clinical
trial meets certain requirements. Additionally, the FDA s clinical trial requirements, including the adequacy of the subject population
studied and statistical powering, must be met. Furthermore, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the
foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. In Japan, the PMDA is requiring us to conduct our Japanese Phase 2 trial in a Japanese
population in order to demonstrate safety and efficacy in Japanese subjects. There can be no assurance that the FDA, PMDA or any applicable
foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of its respective jurisdiction. If the FDA, PMDA or any applicable
foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and
time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval for commercialization
in the applicable jurisdiction. 

41 

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval
of a product in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining or maintaining regulatory approval in other jurisdictions. 

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval
of a product in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction.
For example, even if the FDA or PMDA grants marketing approval of a product, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions
must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion and reimbursement of the product in those countries. However, a failure
or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others.
Moreover, product types or regulatory classifications, as well as approval procedures, vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements
and administrative review periods different from those in the U.S., including different or additional preclinical studies or clinical
trials, as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many
jurisdictions outside the U.S., a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction.
In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 

Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and establishing
and maintaining compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and
could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we or any future collaborator fails to comply with the
regulatory requirements in international markets or fails to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced
and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 

The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively
enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

If any of our product candidates are approved
and we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of those products, we may become subject to significant liability. The FDA
and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as our product
candidates, if approved. In particular, an approved product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other
regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for a product candidate,
physicians may nevertheless prescribe it to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, which is within
their purview as part of their practice of medicine. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, however, we may become subject
to significant liability. The U.S. federal government has levied large civil and criminal penalties against companies for alleged improper
promotion of off-label use and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies
enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. The FDA may also
issue a public warning letter or untitled letter to the company. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our future approved
products, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

If we are required by the FDA to obtain
approval of a companion diagnostic test in connection with approval of any of our product candidates, and we do not obtain or face delays
in obtaining FDA approval of a diagnostic test, we will not be able to commercialize such future approved product and our ability to
generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

If safe and effective use of any of our product
candidates depends on the use of an in vitro diagnostic test that is not otherwise commercially available, then the FDA generally
will require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves our product
candidates if at all. According to FDA guidance, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic is essential to the safe and effective
use of a novel therapeutic product or indication, then the FDA generally will not approve the therapeutic product or new therapeutic
product indication if the companion diagnostic is not also approved or cleared for that indication. If a satisfactory companion diagnostic
is not commercially available, we may be required to create or obtain one that would be subject to its own regulatory approval requirements.
The process of obtaining or creating such a diagnostic is time consuming and costly. 

42 

Companion diagnostics are developed in conjunction
with clinical programs for the associated product and are subject to regulation as medical devices by the FDA and comparable regulatory
authorities. The approval of a companion diagnostic as part of the therapeutic product labeling limits the use of the therapeutic product
to only those patients who express the specific genetic alteration that the companion diagnostic was developed to detect. 

If the FDA, PMDA or a comparable regulatory authority
requires approval of a companion diagnostic for any of our product candidates, whether before or after it obtains marketing approval,
we, and/or future collaborators, may encounter difficulties in developing and obtaining approval for such product candidate. Any delay
or failure by us or third-party collaborators to develop or obtain regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic could delay or prevent
approval of a product candidate or continued marketing of an approved product. 

We may also experience delays in developing a
sustainable, reproducible and scalable manufacturing process for the companion diagnostic or in transferring that process to commercial
partners or negotiating insurance reimbursement plans, all of which may prevent us from completing our clinical trials of a product candidate
or commercializing an approved product on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. 

We may attempt to secure approval from
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities through an expedited review program, and if we are unable to do so, then we could
face increased expense to obtain, and delays in the receipt of, necessary marketing approvals. 

We may in the future seek approval for one or
more of our product candidates under one of the FDA s expedited review programs for serious conditions. These programs are available
to sponsors of therapies that address an unmet medical need to treat a serious condition. The qualifying criteria and requirements vary
for each expedited program. Prior to seeking review under one of these expedited programs for any of our product candidates, we intend
to seek feedback from the FDA and will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and receive marketing approval through an expedited review
program. 

There can be no assurance that, after our evaluation
of the FDA s feedback and other factors, we will decide to pursue one or more of these expedited review programs. Similarly, there
can be no assurance that after subsequent FDA feedback we will continue to pursue one or more of these expedited programs, even if we
initially decide to do so. Furthermore, FDA could decide not to grant our request to use one or more of the expedited review programs
for a product candidate, even if the FDA s initial feedback is that the product candidate would qualify for such program(s). Moreover,
FDA can decide to stop reviewing a product candidate under one or more of these expedited review programs if, for example, the conditions
that warranted expedited review no longer apply to that product candidate. 

Some of these expedited programs (e.g., accelerated
approval) also require post-marketing clinical trials to be completed and, if any such required trial fails, the FDA could withdraw the
approval of the product. If one of our product candidates does not qualify for any expedited review program, then this could result in
a longer time period to approval and commercialization of such product candidate, could increase the cost of development of such product
candidate, and could harm our competitive position in the marketplace. 

The FDA s Rare Pediatric Disease
designation for Lomecel-B for HLHS does not guarantee that we will receive a priority review voucher if the product is approved
for this indication, nor does the receipt of Orphan Drug Designation for Lomecel-B for HLHS guarantee that we will receive seven
years of market exclusivity if the product is approved for this indication. 

As noted elsewhere in this report, FDA has granted
both Rare Pediatric Disease designation and Orphan Drug Designation status for the use of Lomecel-B to treat HLHS. These designations
were granted following our Phase 1 safety-focused ELPIS trial,. However, even though FDA has granted Lomecel-B Rare Pediatric Disease
designation for the treatment of HLHS, receipt of Rare Pediatric Disease designation does not provide any guarantee that we would or
will receive a priority review voucher upon approval for this indication. This voucher program has been extended, but there is no guarantee
the Congress will extend it again in the future. If we do receive a priority review voucher upon approval of Lomecel-B for this indication,
then that voucher permits a future application to be treated as a priority review application by FDA. FDA does not guarantee that the
future application will be reviewed in a particular period of time. Vouchers may be transferred, including by sale; accordingly, there
is a market for these vouchers at prices that have historically fluctuated. If we receive a voucher, we cannot guarantee that we will
use it or that there will be a market to transfer or sell the voucher. Further, receipt of Orphan Drug Designation does not guarantee
that we will receive seven years of market exclusivity upon approval for this indication unless all appropriate statutory and regulatory
criteria are met, the interpretation of which, as noted, has been in flux. 

43 

We may face difficulties from changes to
current regulations and future legislation, both in the U.S. as well as in other foreign jurisdictions where we may be operating. 

Existing regulations and regulatory policies
may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product
candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative
action, either in the U.S. or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements
or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and
we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, substantially changed
the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry.
Since its enactment, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and we expect there will be
additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. 

Other legislative changes have been adopted since
the ACA was enacted, including mandatory sequestration (e.g., aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2 ), which
will remain in effect through fiscal year 2031 absent additional Congressional action. Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental
scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries
and legislation designed, among other things, to reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products and
bring more transparency to product pricing and the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, signed into
law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, contains several significant provisions regarding drug pricing, coverage, and reimbursement
that could materially impact our business. Among the key provisions related to drug pricing, Title XI of the Social Security Act would
be amended to direct the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to establish a Drug Price Negotiation Program
to lower prescription drug costs for people with Medicare and reduce drug spending by the federal government for certain prescription
drugs. Each year, under the Drug Price Negotiation Program, the Secretary would identify a small number of single-source brand name drugs
or biologics, without generic or biosimilar competition, and for which certain periods of time have elapsed since drug approval, that
are covered under Medicare Part D (starting in 2026) and Part B (starting in 2028). These selected drugs would be subject to negotiation
to establish a maximum fair price charged to Medicare. Manufacturers that are noncompliant with the drug price negotiation program would
be subject to an excise tax and other civil monetary penalties during noncompliance periods. Other important drug pricing provisions
include a mandatory rebate for drug manufacturers of certain Medicare Part B and Part D drugs with prices increasing faster than inflation;
caps on annual out-of-pocket spending for Medicare beneficiaries; and limits of 35 for monthly cost-sharing for insulin products under
Medicare Part D and a cap of 20 of the Medicare-approved amount after reaching the Medicare Part B deductible. 

In addition, other legislative changes have been
proposed and adopted in the U.S. that could impact our future business and operations, including those that may result in additional
reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for our product candidates,
if approved, and accordingly, our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, there has been heightened governmental
scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional
inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product
pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies
for drug products. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control
pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain
product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other
countries and bulk purchasing. 

44 

We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare
reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure
on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may
result in a similar reduction in payments from third-party payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare
reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates. 

Legislative and regulatory proposals have been
made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for biotechnology products. We cannot be sure
whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what
the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by Congress
of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product
labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

Our relationships with healthcare professionals,
clinical investigators, CROs and payors in connection with our current and future business activities may be subject to federal and state
healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and
security laws, which could expose us to, among other things, criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, exclusion from
governmental healthcare programs, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 

Healthcare providers and payors play a primary
role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain future marketing approval. Our current and
future arrangements with healthcare professionals, clinical investigators, CROs, payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable
fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships
through which we market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal
and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons
 and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash
 or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation
 of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person
 or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to
 have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation
 of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the federal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including
 the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, prohibit individuals
 or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment
 that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal
 government; the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, prohibits, among other things, executing
 or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters.
 Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific
 intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
 and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect
 to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers
 of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s
 Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report to CMS starting in 2022 information regarding payments and
 other transfers of value to physicians, certain other healthcare providers and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding
 ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. The information reported will be publicly
 available on a searchable website, with disclosure required annually; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback
 and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed
 by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

45 

Some state laws require biotechnology companies
to comply with the biotechnology industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by
the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians
and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. Some state laws require biotechnology companies to report information on the
pricing of certain drug products. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances,
many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.
For instance, the collection and use of health data in the European Union is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation, or the
GDPR, which extends the geographical scope of European Union data protection law to non-European Union entities under certain conditions,
tightens existing European Union data protection principles, creates new obligations for companies and new rights for individuals. Failure
to comply with the GDPR may result in substantial fines and other administrative penalties. In addition, on June 28, 2018, the State
of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA creates individual
privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information.
The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase
data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability, and similar laws have been proposed at the
federal level and in other states. 

Efforts to ensure that our current and future
business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve on-going substantial
costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes,
regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to
be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties,
including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from participation
in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, temporary or
permanent debarment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring
of our operations. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel
resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may
be impaired. Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found
not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions
from government funded healthcare programs. 

Inadequate funding for the FDA and other
government agencies, future government shutdown or furlough of government employees, or public health emergencies could hinder their
ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being reviewed or approved in a
timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may
rely, which could negatively impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve
new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key
personnel, the availability of industry-paid user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times for product
approvals at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies on which
our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is
inherently fluid and unpredictable. 

Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies, including
those resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic, may also slow the time necessary for new products to be reviewed and/or approved
by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, if a prolonged government shutdown and/or government
employee furloughs were to occur, or if FDA s response to a global pandemic such as COVID-19 diverts FDA resources and attention
to other regulatory efforts, then the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, or inspect our or others 
manufacturing facilities, could be significantly impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns, furloughs or public health emergencies
could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 

46 

If we fail to comply with environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are subject to numerous environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal
of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological
materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials
and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting
from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources.
We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 

Although we maintain workers compensation
insurance to cover us for costs and expenses, we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials,
this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability
or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of hazardous and flammable materials,
including chemicals and biological materials. 

In addition, we may incur substantial costs in
order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations
may impair our research, development or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result
in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

Our research and development activities
could be affected or delayed as a result of possible restrictions on animal testing. 

Certain laws and regulations require us to test
our product candidates on animals before initiating clinical trials involving humans. Animal testing activities have been the subject
of controversy and adverse publicity. Animal rights groups and other organizations and individuals have attempted to stop animal testing
activities by pressing for legislation and regulation in these areas and by disrupting these activities through protests and other means.
To the extent the activities of these groups are successful, or if the laws and regulations regarding animal testing otherwise change,
our research and development activities may be interrupted, delayed or become more expensive. 

Our business activities may be subject
to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of other countries in which
we operate, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations. Compliance with these
legal requirements could limit our ability to compete in foreign markets and subject us to liability if we violate them. 

If we further expand our operations outside of
the U.S., we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to
operate. Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of
other countries in which we operate. The FCPA generally prohibits companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from offering,
promising, giving or authorizing the provision of anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official
in order to influence official action or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep
books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system
of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials,
including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, hospitals owned and operated by the government, and
doctors and other hospital employees would be considered foreign officials under the FCPA. Recently the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and Department of Justice (DOJ) have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical
companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents or contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable
laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result
in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, disgorgement, and other sanctions and remedial measures, and
prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one
or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international activities, our ability to attract and retain
employees and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

47 

In addition, our products and technology may
be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import
or export of our products and technology, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization for our products, when
applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding
the export of our products may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent
the export of our products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment
of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. If we fail to comply with export
and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges.
Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations,
or in the countries, persons, or products targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased
ability to export our products to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or
limitation on our ability to export or sell access to our products would likely adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock
and the Securities Market 

The price of our stock has been, and may
continue to be, volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The trading price of our Class A Common Stock
has been, and may continue to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which we cannot
control. The stock market in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. 

Broad market and industry factors may negatively
affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition to the factors discussed
in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, these factors include: 

the timing and results, or perception of the results,
 of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; 

the success of competitive products or announcements
 by potential competitors of their product development efforts; 

regulatory actions with respect to our or our
 competitors product candidates or approved products; 

actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate
 relative to our competitors; 

regulatory or legal developments in the U.S. and
 other countries; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications,
 issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant
 acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as
 to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived
 by investors to be comparable to us; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
 sector; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment
 systems; 

share price and volume fluctuations attributable
 to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 

announcement or expectation of additional financing
 efforts; 

sales of our Class A Common Stock by us, our insiders
 or our other stockholders; 

expiration of market stand-off or lock-up agreements;
 and 

general economic, industry and market conditions. 

The realization of any of the above risks or
any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk Factors section, could have a dramatic and
adverse impact on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 

48 

Our ability to raise capital in the future
may be limited. 

To date, our principal sources of capital used
to fund our programs and other operations have been grant funding and the net proceeds we received from sales of equity securities. We
have and will continue to use significant capital for the development and commercialization of our product candidates, and, as such,
we expect to seek additional capital from future issuance(s) of our securities, which may consist of issuances of equity and/or debt
securities, to fund our planned operations. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. If adequate funds
are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our capital requirements. Because our decision to issue securities in
any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount,
timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, you bear the risk of our future securities offerings reducing the market price of our
common stock and diluting your interest. 

In December 2021, we raised approximately 20.5
million in gross proceeds through the sale of our equity securities under a Form S-1 registration statement. As of February 14, 2022,
we are eligible to sell equity securities under a Form S-3 shelf registration statement. Using a shelf registration statement
to raise capital generally takes less time and is less expensive than other means, such as conducting an offering under a Form S-1 registration
statement. However, under current SEC rules and regulations, we must meet certain requirements to use a Form S-3 registration statement
to raise capital without restriction as to the amount of the market value of securities sold thereunder. One such requirement is that
we periodically evaluate the market value of our outstanding shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, and if,
at an evaluation date, our public float is less than 75.0 million, then the aggregate market value of securities sold by us or on our
behalf under the Form S-3 in any 12-month period is limited to an aggregate of one-third of our public float. Our public float is currently
approximately 21.0 million and therefore we are currently subject to the one-third of our public float limitation. If our ability to
use our Form S-3 shelf registration statement for a primary offering of our securities is limited to one-third of our public float, we
may conduct such an offering pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 or under a Form S-1 registration
statement, and we would expect either of those alternatives to increase the cost of raising additional capital relative to using our
Form S-3 shelf registration statement. 

Our ability to timely raise sufficient additional
capital also may be limited by Nasdaq s stockholder approval requirements for transactions involving the issuance of our common stock
or securities convertible into our common stock in an offering other than a public offering (as defined in Nasdaq listing rules). For
instance, generally, stockholder approval is required prior to the issuance or potential issuance of common stock (or securities convertible
into or exercisable for common stock) which (together with sales by our officers, directors and substantial shareholders (as defined
in Nasdaq listing rules)) equals 20 or more of our common stock outstanding before the issuance at a price that is less than the lower
of the closing price of our common stock or the five trading day average closing price of our common stock, in each case, immediately
preceding the signing of the binding agreement (the Minimum Price ). A public offering under Nasdaq rules typically involves
broadly announcing the proposed transaction, which often times has the effect of depressing the company s stock price. Accordingly, the
price at which we could sell our securities in a public offering may be less, and the dilution existing stockholders experience may in
turn be greater, than if we were able to raise capital through other means. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our product candidates on unfavorable terms
to us. 

In order to meet our operational goals, we will
need to obtain additional capital, which we will likely obtain through a variety of means, including through public or private equity
financings, debt financings or other sources, including up-front payments and milestone payments from strategic collaborations. To the
extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of convertible debt or equity securities, your ownership interest will be diluted,
and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Any such financing may
result in dilution to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants, increased fixed payment obligations or other restrictions that may
affect our business. 

In addition, we currently have warrants issued
that are subject to downward exercise price adjustments that may be triggered in a future financing, and which, if exercised, would also
result in dilution. If we raise additional funds through up-front payments or milestone payments pursuant to strategic collaborations
with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable
to us. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe
we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 

49 

Information available in public media that
is published by third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media may include statements not attributable
to the Company and may not be reliable or accurate. 

We are aware of a large volume of information
being disseminated by third parties relating to our operations, including in blogs, message boards and social and other media. Such information
as reported by third parties may not be accurate, may lead to significant volatility in our securities and may ultimately result in our
common stock or other securities declining in value. 

There may not be sufficient liquidity in
the market for our securities in order for investors to sell their shares. 

We are a small company that is relatively unknown
to stock analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume,
and even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and may be reluctant to follow an unproven company
such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. There may be
periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal as compared to a mature issuer which has a large and steady
volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. It is possible that
a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will not develop or be sustained, or that trading levels will not
continue. These factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock, regardless of our performance.
In addition, the public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. This volatility has significantly
affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific
companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 

The dual class structure of our common
stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A Common Stock. 

We cannot predict whether our dual class structure
will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A Common Stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences.
For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with dual class or multi-class share structures
in certain of their indexes. Our dual class capital structure could make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and mutual funds,
exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock.
These policies are still fairly new and it is as of yet unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded
companies excluded from the indices, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies
that are included. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take a similar approach to S P Dow Jones or
FTSE Russell in the future. Exclusion from indices could make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors and, as a result,
the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports, or if they publish adverse or misleading research or reports, regarding us, our business or our market,
our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our Class A Common Stock
will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business or our market. We
do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities or industry analysts. If no or few securities or industry
analysts commence coverage of us, the stock price would be negatively impacted. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst
coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us issue adverse or misleading research or reports regarding us, our business model, our intellectual
property, our stock performance or our market, or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price
would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose
visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

50 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate
significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate
or decline. 

We expect our operating results to be subject
to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 

variations in the level of expense related to
 the ongoing development of our product candidates or future development programs; 

results of clinical trials, or the addition or
 termination of clinical trials or funding support by us or potential future partners; 

our execution of any collaboration, licensing
 or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under potential future arrangements or the termination
 or modification of any such potential future arrangements; 

any intellectual property infringement, misappropriation
 or violation lawsuit or opposition, interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become involved; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

strategic decisions by us or our competitors,
 such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 

if any of our product candidates receives regulatory
 approval, the terms of such approval and market acceptance and demand for such approved products; 

regulatory developments affecting our product
 candidates or future products, or those of our competitors; and 

changes in general market and economic conditions. 

If our quarterly operating results fall below
the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Class A Common Stock could decline substantially. Furthermore,
any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe
that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of
our future performance. 

Holders of our Class B Common Stock will
control the direction of our business and their ownership of our common stock will prevent other stockholders from influencing significant
decisions. 

As of December 31, 2022, two holders of our Class
B Common Stock, consisting of two holders, own approximately 92 of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B Common
Stock. For so long as holders of Class B Common Stock continue to hold their shares, they will be able to significantly influence or
effectively control the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval through their
voting power. Accordingly, for such period of time, these holders will have significant influence with respect to our management, business
plans and policies. In particular, for so long as the Class B Common Stock remains outstanding, the holders may be able to cause or prevent
a change of control of our Company or a change in the composition of our board of directors, and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition
of our Company. The concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of Class A Common
Stock as part of a sale of our Company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 

51 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of
our Class A Common Stock. 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed
to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404, or any subsequent
testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting
that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify
other areas for further attention or improvement. Substandard internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our
reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We are required to disclose changes made in our
internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually.
However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to
attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years following our IPO. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls
over financial reporting could lead to restatements of our financial statements, require us to incur the expense of remediation, and
result in a decline in the trading price of our stock. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Class A Common Stock
less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including: 

being permitted to provide only two years of audited
 financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure in this 10-K; 

not being required to comply with the auditor
 attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

not being required to comply with any requirement
 that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the
 auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
 compensation in this 10-K and our periodic reports and proxy statements; 

exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding
 advisory stockholder votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved;
 and 

An extended transition period for complying with
 new or revised financial accounting standards. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our
Class A Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Class A Common Stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest to occur of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date
we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (3) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period; and (4) the
last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our IPO. 

52 

Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies
can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected
to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, our financial
statements may not be comparable to other public companies that comply with public company effective dates. As a result, changes in rules
of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or their interpretation, the adoption of new guidance or the application of existing
guidance to changes in our business could significantly affect our financial position and results of operations. 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, result in more litigation and divert management s attention. 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank
Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations
results in legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult, time consuming or costly and increases demand
on our systems and resources, including management. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required.
As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and
operating results. We may also need to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which
will increase our costs and expenses. 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial
compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations,
in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is
provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws,
regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s
time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and
standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice,
regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected. 

These rules and regulations make it more expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and, in the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 

We are subject to securities litigation,
which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The market price of our Class A Common Stock
may be volatile, and such volatility has made, and may continue to make, us subject to securities class action litigation. We have been
the target of this type of litigation to date, and may also be in the future. Additional securities litigation against us could result
in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

We do not currently intend to pay dividends
on our Class A Common Stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation of the
value of our Class A Common Stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our equity securities. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of
our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will
therefore be limited to any appreciation in the value of our Class A Common Stock, which is not certain. 

53 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore,
depress the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
provisions that could depress the market price of our Class A Common Stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control
of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions, among other
things: 

establish a classified board of directors so that
 not all members of our board are elected at one time; 

permit only the board of directors to establish
 the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board; 

provide that directors may only be removed for
 cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; 

provide for a dual class common stock structure,
 which provides certain affiliates of ours, including our co-founder and members of our Board, individually or together, with the
 ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than
 a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock; 

authorize the issuance of blank check 
 preferred stock that our Board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a poison pill 

eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call
 special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent,
 which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

prohibit cumulative voting; 

authorize our Board to amend our bylaws; 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations
 for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings; and 

require a super-majority vote of stockholders
 to amend some of the provisions described above. 

In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with
an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 
of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Any provision of our certificate of incorporation,
bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders
to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for
our Class A Common Stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides
that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forums for substantially
all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: 

any derivative action or proceeding brought on
 our behalf; 

any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary
 duty; 

any action asserting a claim against us arising
 under the DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; 

any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine
 the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; and 

any action asserting a claim against us that is
 governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

54 

Our certificate of incorporation further provides
that the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising
under the Securities Act. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum
that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us
and our directors, officers and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. If a court were to find these exclusive-forum provisions in our bylaws
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions,
which could seriously harm our business. Nothing in our certificate of incorporation precludes stockholders that assert claims under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. 

Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing
Our Growth and Other Risks Related to Our Business 

We have never commercialized a product
candidate before and may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any products on our own
or together with suitable collaborators. 

We have never commercialized a product candidate,
and we currently have no sales force, marketing or distribution capabilities, nor do any of our current employees have any experience
in commercializing a regulated product. To achieve commercial success for our product candidates, which we may license to others, we
will rely on the assistance and guidance of those collaborators. For product candidates for which we retain commercialization rights,
we will have to develop our own sales, marketing and supply organization or outsource these activities to a third party. 

Factors that may affect our ability to commercialize
our future approved products on our own include recruiting and retaining adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel,
obtaining access to or persuading adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe our products and other unforeseen costs associated with
creating an independent sales and marketing organization. Developing a sales and marketing organization will be expensive and time-consuming
and could delay the launch of our future approved products. We may not be able to build an effective sales and marketing organization.
If we are unable to build our own distribution and marketing capabilities or to find suitable partners for the commercialization of our
future approved products, we may not generate revenues from them or be able to reach or sustain profitability. 

In order to successfully implement our
plans and strategies, we will need to grow our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

In order to successfully implement our development
and commercialization plans and strategies, and as we transition into operating as a public company, we expect to need additional managerial,
operational, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members
of management, including: 

identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining
 and motivating additional employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively,
 including preclinical and clinical studies and investigations, as well as FDA, PMDA and other comparable foreign regulatory agencies 
 review process for any current or future product candidates, while complying with any contractual obligations to contractors and
 other third parties we may have; and 

improving our operational, financial and management
 controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Our future financial performance and our ability
to successfully develop and, if approved, commercialize, any current or future product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability
to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from
day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 

We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future
will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services,
including key aspects of clinical development and manufacturing. We cannot assure you that the services of independent organizations,
advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements.
In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided
by third party service providers is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may
not be able to obtain marketing approval of our current and future product candidates or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to manage our existing third-party service providers or find other competent outside contractors and consultants
on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 

55 

If we are not able to effectively expand our
organization by hiring new employees and/or engaging additional third-party service providers, we may not be able to successfully implement
the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our current and future product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve
our research, development and commercialization goals. 

Our computer systems, or those of any of
our CROs, manufacturers, other contractors, consultants, collaborators or potential future collaborators, may fail or suffer security
or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, use of, or destruction of our proprietary or confidential data,
employee data, or personal data, which could result in additional costs, loss of revenue, significant liabilities, harm to our brand
and material disruption of our operations. 

Despite the implementation of security measures,
our computer systems and those of our current and any future CROs and other contractors, consultants, collaborators and third-party service
providers, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, cybersecurity threats, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism,
war and telecommunication and electrical failure. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations or result
in the unauthorized acquisition of or access to personally identifiable information or individually identifiable health information (violating
certain privacy laws such as HIPAA, Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and GDPR), it could result in
a material disruption of our drug discovery and development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade
secrets or other similar disruptions. Some of the federal, state and foreign government requirements include obligations of companies
to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personally identifiable information, which could result from breaches
experienced by us or by our vendors, contractors, or organizations with which we have formed strategic relationships. Notifications and
follow-up actions related to a security breach could impact our reputation, cause us to incur significant costs, including legal expenses
and remediation costs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in
our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the lost data. We also rely on third parties
to manufacture our product candidates, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect
on our business. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data, or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could be exposed to litigation and governmental investigations, the further
development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed, and we could be subject to significant fines or penalties
for any noncompliance with certain state, federal and/or international privacy and security laws. 

Our insurance policies may not be adequate to
compensate us for the potential losses arising from any such disruption, failure or security breach. In addition, such insurance may
not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, our insurance may not cover all claims made
against us and could have high deductibles in any event, and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management
attention. 

Our ability to utilize our net operating
loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Although our first year incurring NOLs will be
for the tax year ended 2021, the net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income
tax liabilities because of their limited duration or because of restrictions under U.S. tax law. Under the current Tax Act, federal NOLs
generated in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely. It is uncertain if and to what extent
various states will conform to the Tax Act. 

In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined
as a cumulative change in our ownership by 5-percent shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year
period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and certain other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change
income and taxes may be limited. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We may have experienced such ownership changes in the
past, and we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are
outside our control. We have not conducted any studies to determine annual limitations, if any, that could result from such changes in
the ownership. Our ability to utilize those NOLs could be limited by an ownership change as described above and consequently,
we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs and certain other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect
on our cash flows and results of operations. 

56 

A variety of risks associated with marketing
our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business. 

We plan to seek regulatory approval of our product
candidates outside of the U.S., including specifically in Japan, and, accordingly, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks
related to operating in foreign countries if we obtain the necessary approvals, including: 

differing regulatory requirements and reimbursement
 regimes in foreign countries; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers,
 price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political
 instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and
 labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll
 taxes; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result
 in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor
 unrest is more common than in the U.S.; 

potential liability under the FCPA or comparable
 foreign regulations; 

challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual
 property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent
 as the U.S.; 

production shortages resulting from any events
 affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 

business interruptions resulting from geo-political
 actions, including war and terrorism. 

These and other risks associated with our international
operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal executive office is located at
1951 NW 7th Avenue, Suite 520, Miami, Florida 33136. We rent approximately 15,000 ft 2 of space, which includes our executive
offices and cGMP manufacturing facility, and research and development operations. See Manufacturing on page 3 of
this 10-K for additional details regarding our facilities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company could become involved
in disputes and various litigation matters that arise in the normal course of business. These may include disputes and lawsuits related
to intellectual property, licensing, contract law and employee relations matters. 

On September 13, 2021, the Company and certain of our directors and
officers were named as defendants in a securities lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida and brought
on behalf of a purported class. The suit alleges there were materially false and misleading statements made (or omissions of required
information) in the Company s initial public offering materials and in other disclosures during the period from our initial public
offering on February 12, 2021, through August 12, 2021, in violation of the federal securities laws. The action seeks damages on behalf
of a proposed class of purchasers of our Common Stock during said period. The Company entered into an agreement in principle with the
plaintiffs to settle the litigation for 1.4 million. The settlement agreement is subject to final approval by the Court, which we expect
to occur sometime in 2023. This amount is recorded as Non-operating Lawsuit expenses. Legal expenses incurred in ordinary business activities
are reported within general and administrative expenses. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

57 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market for Common Stock; Holders 

Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the under the symbol LGVN. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of March 7, 2023, there were 12 and 13 holders
of record of our Class A and Class B Common Stock, respectively, based on information provided by our transfer agent, Colonial Stock
Transfer Co., Inc. As of such date, 6,147,481 shares of our Class A Common Stock and 14,891,085 shares of our Class B Common Stock were
issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends,
and currently intend to retain all our cash and any earnings for use in our business and, therefore, do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors
and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Securities; Repurchases of Securities 

None. 

The information set
forth under Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information is incorporated herein. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto and other financial information
appearing elsewhere in this 10-K. This 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider these and other disclosures made by us which attempt to advise interested parties
of the factors which affect our business. 

Introduction and Overview 

We are a clinical stage biotechnology company
developing regenerative medicines to address unmet medical needs. The Company s lead investigational product is Lomecel-B .
Lomecel-B has multiple modes of action that include pro-vascular, pro-regenerative, and anti-inflammatory mechanisms, promoting
tissue repair and healing with broad potential applications across a spectrum of disease areas. 

58 

We are currently pursuing three pipeline indications:
Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome (HLHS), Aging-related Frailty, and Alzheimer s disease (AD). Our mission is to advance Lomecel-B
and other cell-based product candidates into pivotal Phase 3 trials, with the goal of achieving regulatory approvals, subsequent commercialization,
and broad use by the healthcare community. 

With respect to HLHS, we are exploring the possibility
that Lomecel-B when administered directly to the myocardium of affected infants, can improve outcomes in this devastating rare pediatric
disease. The standard of care in HLHS is a series of three reconstructive surgeries, typically at 10 days, 4 months, and approximately
4 years of life. Despite these life-saving surgical interventions, it is estimated that only 50 to 60 percent of affected individuals
survive until adolescence. The pro-vascular, pro-regenerative and anti-inflammatory properties of Lomecel-B may improve the function
of the right ventricle in these infants. A previous Longeveron Phase 1 open-label study indicated that such a benefit may exist when
outcomes were compared to historical controls. Longeveron is currently conducting a controlled study to determine the actual benefit
of Lomecel-B in these patients. 

As of March 7, 2023, we have completed four U.S.
clinical studies of Lomecel-B: Phase 1 AD, Phase 1 HLHS, Phase 1/2 Aging-related frailty HERA Trial and Phase 2b Aging-related
frailty. We currently have three clinical trials actively enrolling patients: Phase 2a HLHS ELPIS II trial), Phase 2a
AD and Japan Phase 2 study in Japanese patients with Aging-related frailty. Additionally, we sponsor a registry in The Bahamas under
the approval and authority of the National Stem Cell Ethics Committee. The Bahamas Registry Trial administers Lomecel-B to eligible participants
at two private clinics in Nassau for a variety of indications. While Lomecel-B is considered an investigational product in The Bahamas,
under the approval terms from the National Stem Cell Ethics Committee, we are permitted to charge a fee to participate in the Registry
Trial. 

Since our founding in 2014, we have focused the
majority of our time and resources on the following: organizing and staffing our company, building, staffing and equipping a cGMP manufacturing
facility with research and development labs, business planning, raising capital, establishing our intellectual property portfolio, generating
clinical safety and efficacy data in our selected disease conditions and indications, and developing and expanding our manufacturing
processes and capabilities. 

We manufacture all of our own product candidates
for clinical trials. In 2017 we opened a manufacturing facility comprised of eight clean rooms, two research and development laboratories,
and warehouse and storage space. We have supply contracts with multiple third parties for fresh bone marrow, which we use to produce
our product candidate for clinical testing and research and development. From time to time, we enter into contract development and manufacturing
contracts or arrangements with third parties who seek to utilize our product development capabilities. 

Since the time that we became a publicly traded
company in February, 2021, we have sold 4,079,288 shares of Class A Common Stock through our IPO and a December 2021 private issuance
of public equity (PIPE) offering, and warrants to purchase 1,169,288 shares of Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise price of 17.50
per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 49.6 million prior to discounts, commissions and other offering expenses. 

When appropriate funding opportunities arise,
we routinely apply for grant funding to support our ongoing research and since 2016 we have received approximately 16.0 million in grant
awards 11.9 million of which has been directly awarded to us and is recognized as revenue when the performance obligations are met)
from the National Institute on Aging (NIA) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI)
of the NIH, the Alzheimer s Association, and the Maryland Stem Cell Research Fund (MSCRF) of the Maryland Technology Development
Corporation, or TEDCO. 

59 

Components of Our Results of Operations 

Revenue 

We have generated revenue from three sources: 

Grant awards.
 Extramural grant award funding, which is non-dilutive, has been a core strategy for supporting
 our ongoing clinical research. Since 2016 our clinical programs have received over 16.0
 million in competitive extramural grant awards 11.5 million which has been directly awarded
 to us and which are recognized as revenue when the performance obligations are met) from
 the NIH, Alzheimer s Association, and MSCRF. 

The Bahamas Registry
 Trial. Participants in The Bahamas Registry Trial pay us a fee to receive Lomecel-B ,
 imported into The Bahamas, and administered at one of two private medical clinics in Nassau.
 While Lomecel-B is considered an investigational product in The Bahamas, under the
 approval terms received from the National Stem Cell Ethics Committee, we are permitted to
 charge a fee for participation in the Registry Trial. The fee is recognized as revenue and
 is used to pay for the costs associated with manufacturing and testing of Lomecel-B ,
 administration, shipping and importation fees, data collection and management, biological
 sample collection and sample processing for biomarkers and other data, and overall management
 of the Registry, including personnel costs. Lomecel-B is considered an investigational
 treatment in The Bahamas and is not licensed for commercial sale. 

Contract development
 and manufacturing services. From time to time, we enter into fee-for-service agreements with
 third parties for our product development and manufacturing capabilities. 

Cost of Revenues 

We record cost of revenues based on expenses
directly related to revenue. For grants we record allocated expenses for Research and development costs to a grant as a cost of revenues.
For the clinical trial revenue, directly related expenses for that program are allocated and accrued as incurred. These expenses are
similar to those described under Research and development expense below. 

Selling and Marketing Expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily
of royalty and license fees associated with our agreements with the University of Miami UM ), as well as attending and
sponsoring industry, investment, organization and medical conferences and events. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development costs are charged to
expense when incurred in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 730 Research and Development. ASC 730 addresses the proper accounting and reporting for research and development
costs. It identifies: 1. those activities that should be identified as research and development; 2. the elements of costs that should
be identified with research and development activities, and the accounting for these costs; and 3. the financial statement disclosures
related to them. Research and development include costs such as clinical trial expenses, contracted research and license agreement fees
with no alternative future use, supplies and materials, salaries, share-based compensation, employee benefits, property and equipment
depreciation and allocation of various corporate costs. We accrue for costs incurred by external service providers, including CROs and
clinical investigators, based on estimates of service performed and costs incurred. These estimates include the level of services performed
by the third parties, subject enrollment in clinical trials, administrative costs incurred by the third parties, and other indicators
of the services completed. Based on the timing of amounts invoiced by service providers, we may also record payments made to those providers
as prepaid expenses that will be recognized as expense in future periods as the related services are rendered. 

60 

We currently do not carry any inventory for our
product candidates, as we have yet to launch a product for commercial distribution. Historically our operations have focused on conducting
clinical trials, product research and development efforts, and improving and refining our manufacturing processes, and accordingly, manufactured
clinical doses of product candidates were expensed as incurred, consistent with the accounting for all other research and development
costs. Once we begin commercial distribution, all newly manufactured approved products will be allocated either for use in commercial
distribution, which will be carried as inventory and not expensed, or for research and development efforts, which will continue to be
expensed as incurred. 

We expect that our research and development expenses
will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support increased research and development activities relating to our clinical
programs, as well as incur additional expenses related to our clinical trials. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in our executive, finance, business development
and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include public company related expenses; legal fees relating to
corporate matters; insurance costs; professional fees for accounting, auditing, tax and consulting services; travel expenses; and facility-related
expenses, which include direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs. 

We expect that our general and administrative
expenses will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support increased administrative activities as a public company.
We also expect to continue to incur expenses associated with being a public company, including costs of accounting, audit, legal, regulatory
and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance costs,
and investor and public relations costs. 

Other Income and Expenses 

Interest income consists of interest earned on
cash equivalents and short-term investments. We expect our interest income to increase due to the current cash and short-term investment
balances. Other income consists of funds earned that are not part of our normal operations. In past years they have been primarily a
result of tax refunds received for social security taxes as part of a research and development tax credit program. 

Income Taxes 

As of December 31, 2022, we are treated as a
C corporation for federal and state income tax purposes. Prior to February 12, 2021, we were treated as a partnership for federal and
state income tax purposes, whereby we passed our earnings and losses through to our members based on the terms of our Operating Agreement.
No provision for income taxes has been recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. We may incur income taxes in the future
if we have earnings. At this time the Company has not evaluated the impact of any future profits. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

COMPARISON OF THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes our results of
operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the changes in those items in dollars (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues 
 1,222 
 1,306 
 (84 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 725 
 716 
 9 
 
 Gross profit 
 497 
 590 
 (93 
 
 Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 
 8,119 
 9,740 
 (1,621 
 
 Research and development 
 9,370 
 7,092 
 2,278 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 1,051 
 1,214 
 (163 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 18,540 
 18,046 
 494 

Loss from operations 
 (18,043 
 (17,456 
 (587 
 
 Other (expenses) and income 

Lawsuit expense 
 (1,398 
 - 
 (1,398 
 
 Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan 
 - 
 300 
 (300 
 
 Interest expense 
 - 
 (4 
 4 
 
 Other tax credits 
 306 
 58 
 248 
 
 Other income, net 
 300 
 57 
 243 
 
 Total other (expenses) and income, net 
 (792 
 411 
 (1,203 
 
 Net loss 
 (18,835 
 (17,045 
 (1,790 

61 

Revenues, Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit:
 Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.2 million and 1.3 million, respectively. The 0.1 million, or 6 ,
decrease when compared to 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in grant revenue year-over-year. Grant revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.3 million and 0.6 million, respectively. The decrease of 0.3 million, or 53 decrease when compared to 2021,
was primarily due to a reduction in grant funds available due in part to the completion of the grant-funded clinical trials. Clinical
trial revenue, which is derived from the Bahamas Registry Trial, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.9 million and 0.7
million, respectively. Clinical trial revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 0.2 million, or 33 , higher when compared
to 2021 as a result of less COVID-19 travel restrictions, were less in 2022 as compared to 2021, and increased participant demand in
the Bahamas Registry Trial in 2022. 

Related cost of revenues was 0.7 million for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The less than 0.1 million, or 1 , increase when compared to 2021, was primarily due to more
direct costs associated with our clinical trial revenue than our grants program. This resulted in a gross profit of approximately 0.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.1 million, or 16 , when compared with a gross profit of approximately
 0.6 million for 2021. 

General and Administrative Expense: General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to approximately 8.1 million, compared to 9.7 million for
the same period in 2021. The decrease of approximately 1.6 million, or 17 , was primarily related to a decrease of 3.0 million in equity-based
compensation expenses allocated to general and administrative expenses. However, employee benefit expenses increased by 0.5 million,
which included a 0.4 million increase in expenses related to employee recruitment and insurance and professional fees increased by 0.2
million. 

Research and Development Expenses: Research
and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to approximately 9.4 million, from approximately 7.1 million
for the same period in 2021. The increase of 2.3 million, or 32 , was primarily due to an increase of 2.6 million in research and development
expenses that were not reimbursable by grants. The increase was offset by a decrease in equity-based compensation allocated to research
and development expenses, which decreased from 2.2 million in 2021 to 1.1 million in 2022. Research and development expenses consisted
primarily of the following items (less those expenses allocated to the cost of revenues for the grants)(in thousands): 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Clinical trial expenses-statistics, monitoring, labs,
 sites, etc. 
 4,170 
 1,935 
 
 Supplies and costs to manufacture Lomecel-B 
 817 
 504 
 
 Employee compensation and benefits 
 2,203 
 1,354 
 
 Equity-based compensation 
 1,096 
 2,228 
 
 Depreciation 
 681 
 720 
 
 Amortization 
 212 
 194 
 
 Travel 
 72 
 60 
 
 Other activities 
 119 
 97 
 
 Total 
 9,370 
 7,092 

Selling and Marketing Expenses: Selling
and marketing expenses for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.0 million and 1.2 million, respectively. The decrease
of 0.2 million, or 13 , was primarily due to a decrease in digital marketing expenses. Selling and marketing expenses consists primarily
of investor and public relations expenses. Further and as disclosed in Note 13. Reclassification of Prior Year Presentations ,
during 2021, 0.9 million in expenses related to investor and public relations was recorded as general and administrative expenses and
was reclassified as selling and marketing expenses as they were in 2022. 

62 

Non-operating Lawsuit expense: 
Non-operating Lawsuit expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1.4 million. This expense was deemed probable
and therefore the amount was accrued in this period. Additional detail can be found in Part I, Item 3 Legal
Proceedings of this Form 10-K. Legal expenses incurred in ordinary business activities are reported within general and
administrative expenses. 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program
loan: Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0, compared to 0.3 million for the
same period in 2021, due to the non-recurring nature of the forgiveness of the PPP loan. 

Other tax credits: Other tax credits for
each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.3 million and 0.1 million, respectively. Other tax credit increased in 2022
due to receiving the Employee Retention Credit under the CARES Act which encourages businesses to keep employees on their payroll. Eligible
businesses receive a refundable tax credit of up to 50 of up to 10,000 in wages paid. 

Other Income, net: Other income for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.3 million and 0.1 million, respectively. Other income for 2022 increased as a result of
an increase in realized returns from marketable securities of 0.2 million. Also recorded was approximately 27,000 for a gain resulting
from foreign currency changes and 27,000 of sublease rental income. During 2021, 125,000 was received in rental payments recorded from
a sublease, 60,000 from recorded investment income, 17,000 from a gain resulting from an equity exchange, 85,000 unrealized loss on
marketable securities and 60,000 for a loss on disposal of equipment. 

Net Loss: Net loss increased to approximately
 18.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from a net loss of 17.0 million for the same period in 2021. The increase in the
net loss of 1.8 million, or 11 , was for reasons outlined above. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our sources and
uses of cash for the period presented for the (in thousands): 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (13,969 
 (9,636 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (677 
 (10,696 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing
 activities 
 (509 
 45,174 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
 equivalents 
 (15,155 
 24,842 

Operating Activities . We
have incurred losses since inception. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 14.0 million, consisting
primarily of our net loss of 18.8 million as we incurred 1.4 million in non-operating lawsuit expenses, 2.3 million in equity-based
compensation expenses and 0.9 million in depreciation and amortization expenses. Net cash used in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2021 was 9.6 million, consisting primarily of our net loss of 17.0 million as we incurred expenses associated with
research activities for our lead product candidates and incurred general and administrative expenses, including an aggregate of 6.4
million of equity-based compensation recorded for RSUs and stock options granted and 1.3 million for non-cash stock payments to consultants. 

Investing Activities . Net
cash used in investing activities for year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.7 million, consisting primarily of an increase in purchases
of equipment of 0.6 million and purchases of intangibles of 0.3 million. Net cash used in investing activities for year ended December
31, 2021 was 10.7 million, consisting primarily of an increase of 9.4 million in marketable securities, recorded CRADA license agreement
to intangibles of 0.8 million, and purchases of equipment of 0.3 million. 

Financing Activities . Net
cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.5 million consisting primarily of 0.5 million in payment
of taxes and consultants. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 45.2 million consisting
primarily of 26.7 million in net proceeds received from our IPO and 18.6 million in net proceeds received from the 2021 PIPE Offering. 

63 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Since our inception, we have incurred significant
operating losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses as we advance the preclinical and clinical development
of our programs. We expect that our sales, research and development and general and administrative costs will increase in connection
with conducting additional preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current and future programs and product candidates, contracting
with CROs to support preclinical studies and clinical trials, expanding our intellectual property portfolio, and providing general and
administrative support for our operations. As a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain from
additional equity or debt financings, collaborations, licensing arrangements, or other sources. 

To date, we have financed our operations primarily
through our IPO, private placement equity financings, grant awards, and fees generated from the Bahamas Registry Trial and contract manufacturing
services. Since we were formed, we have raised approximately 77.2 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of equity. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 10.5 million, marketable securities of 9.2 million and working capital of approximately
 15.4 million. 

Capital Raising Efforts 

In our IPO, we sold 2,910,000 shares of Class
A Common Stock at a public offering price of 10.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 29.1 million, inclusive of the underwriter s
partial exercise of its over-allotment option, prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. 

The underwriter received warrants to purchase
106,400 Class A Common Stock shares. The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the
four and a half-year period commencing August 12, 2021, at a price of 12.00 per Class A Common Stock share. During 2021, the underwriters
assigned 95,760 of the warrants to its employees. As of December 31, 2022, 51,061 warrants have been exercised, which provided net proceeds
to the Company of 0.6 million. 

On December 3, 2021, we closed our 2021 PIPE
Offering, whereby we undertook a private purchase and sale to certain accredited investors of an aggregate of 1,169,288 shares of our
Class A Common Stock and Purchase Warrants to purchase 1,169,288 shares of Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise price of 17.50 per
share, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds of 20.5 million prior to deducting fees and offering expenses. We also issued Representative
Warrants exercisable for 46,772 shares of Class A Common Stock to affiliates of Placement Agent with an initial exercise price of 17.50 per
share. 

Grant Awards 

From inception through December 31, 2022, we
have been awarded approximately 11.9 million in governmental and non-profit association grants, which have been used to fund our
clinical trials, research and development, production and overhead. Grant awards are recognized as revenue, and depending on the funding
mechanism, are deposited directly in our accounts as lump sums, which are staggered over a predetermined period or drawn down from a
federal payment management system account for reimbursement of expenses incurred. Revenue recognition occurs when the grant related expenses
are incurred, or supplies and materials are received. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the amount of unused grant funds that were available
for us to draw was approximately 0.8 million and 1.4 million, respectively. The following table summarizes the grants awarded. 

Longeveron Project 
 Funding Agency (1) 
 Total Amount ) 
 Status of Award 
 
 Aging-related frailty Phase 2b Trial 
 SBIR (DHHS) NIA 
 3,957,813 
 Complete 
 
 Aging-related frailty Phase 2b Trial 
 SBIR (DHHS) NIA 
 283,040 
 Complete 
 
 Alzheimer s Disease Phase 1 Trial (2) 
 Alzheimer s Association 
 3,000,000 
 Complete 
 
 Alzheimer s Disease Phase 1 Trial 
 Alzheimer s Association 
 1,000,000 
 Complete 
 
 The Metabolic Syndrome Sub-Study 
 STTR (DHHS) NIA 
 150,000 
 Complete 
 
 The Metabolic Syndrome Sub-Study 
 STTR (DHHS) NIA 
 901,486 
 Complete 
 
 Aging-related frailty Influenza Vaccine Trial HERA 
 MSCRF - TEDCO 
 750,000 
 Complete 
 
 HLHS Phase 1 Trial 
 MSCRF - TEDCO 
 750,000 
 Complete 
 
 HLHS Phase 2 Trial (3) 
 UG3 (DHHS) NHLBI 
 477,566 
 Ongoing 
 
 ARDS Phase 1 (4) 
 MSCRF - TEDCO 
 650,000 
 Ongoing 
 
 Total 
 
 11,919,905 

(1) 
 SBIR=Small Business Innovation
 Research programs; STTR=Small Business Technology Transfer programs; DHHS=Department of Health and Human Services; NIA = National
 Institute on Aging; NHLBI=National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. 

64 

(2) 
 Under the grant award agreement with the Alzheimer s Association,
 we may be required to make revenue sharing or distribution of revenue payments for products or inventions generated or resulting
 from this clinical trial program. The potential payments, although not currently defined, could result in a maximum payment of five
 times (5x) the award amount. 

(3) 
 The HLHS Phase 2b clinical trial grant was awarded to Sunjay Kaushal,
 MD, PhD, Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children s Hospital of Chicago, and the trial will be conducted under our IND and will test
 Lomecel-B . The total award was 4.6 million, and we have received 0.2 million of the approximately 0.5 million apportioned
 to us. 

(4) 
 MSCRF - TEDCO has sent the first tranche of 325,000. 

Terms and Conditions of Grant Awards 

Grant projects are typically divided into periods
(e.g., a three-year grant may have three one-year periods), and the total amount awarded is divided according to the number of periods.
At pre-specified time points, which are detailed in the grant award notifications, we are required to submit interim financial and scientific
reports to the granting agency totaling funds spent, and in some cases, detailing use of proceeds and progress made during the reporting
period. After funding the initial period, receipt of additional grant funds is contingent upon satisfactory submission of our interim
reports to the granting agency. 

Grant awards arise from submitting detailed research
proposals to granting agencies, and winning a highly competitive and rigorous application review and process that is judged on the merits
of the proposal. There are typically multiple applicants applying and competing for a finite amount of funds. As such we cannot be sure
that we will be awarded grant funds in the future despite our past success in receiving such awards. 

Funding Requirements 

Our operating costs will continue to increase
substantially for the foreseeable future in connection with our ongoing activities. In past years we have been able to fund a large portion
of our clinical programs and our administrative overhead with the use of grant funding. 

Specifically, our expenses will increase as we: 

advance the clinical development of Lomecel-B for the treatment
 of several disease states and indications; 

pursue the preclinical and clinical development of other current and
 future research programs and product candidates; 

in-license or acquire the rights to other products, product candidates
 or technologies; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional personnel in research, manufacturing and regulatory
 and clinical development as well as management personnel; 

seek regulatory approval for any product candidates that successfully
 complete clinical development; and 

expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase
 personnel, including personnel to support our operations as a public company. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents
will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through second half of 2024. We have based these estimates
on assumptions that may prove to be imprecise, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. 

65 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with research, development and commercialization of our product candidates, it is difficult to estimate with certainty the
amount of our working capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the progress, costs and results of our clinical trials for our programs
 for our cell-based therapies, and additional research and preclinical studies in other research programs we initiate in the future; 

the costs and timing of process development and manufacturing scale-up
 activities associated with our product candidates and other programs we advance through preclinical and clinical development; 

our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing
 or other agreements and the financial terms of such agreements; 

the extent to which we in-license or acquire rights to other products,
 product candidates or technologies; and 

the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications,
 maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending against any intellectual property-related claims. 

Further, our operating results may change in
the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating plans.
Until such time, if ever, that we can generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, we expect to finance our cash needs
through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, grant awards, collaboration agreements, other third-party funding, strategic
alliances, licensing arrangements and marketing and distribution arrangements. 

We currently have no credit facility or committed
sources of capital. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.
If we raise additional funds through other third-party funding, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements
or marketing and distribution arrangements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research
programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds
through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our biologic drug development
or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or product candidates that we would otherwise prefer
to develop and market ourselves. 

In order to meet our operational goals, we will
need to obtain additional capital, which we will likely obtain through a variety of means, including through public or private equity,
debt financings or other sources, including up-front payments and milestone payments from strategic collaborations. To the extent that
we raise additional capital through the sale of convertible debt or equity securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the
terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Such financing may result in dilution
to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants, increased fixed payment obligations or other restrictions that may affect our business.
If we raise additional funds through up-front payments or milestone payments pursuant to strategic collaborations with third parties,
we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. In addition,
we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds
for our current or future operating plans. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

As of December 31, 2022, we have 3.0 million
in operating lease obligations and 2.9 million in contract research organization obligations. We enter into contracts in the normal
course of business with third-party contract organizations for clinical trials, preclinical studies, manufacturing and other services
and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination following a certain period after notice and therefore
we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material. 

We have not included milestone or royalty payments
or other contractual payment obligations if the timing and amount of such obligations are unknown or uncertain. 

66 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of our financial statements and
related disclosures requires us to make estimates, judgements and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors
that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis.
Our actual results may materially differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On an on-going basis, we review
our estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business or new information as it becomes available. 

While our significant accounting policies are
described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements included in this 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies
are those most critical due to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. We evaluate
long-lived assets for impairment, including property and equipment and intangible assets, when events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Upon the occurrence of a triggering event, the asset is reviewed to assess
whether the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected from the use of the asset plus the residual value from the ultimate disposal exceeds
the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated recoverable amounts, the asset is written down to the estimated
fair value. Any resulting impairment loss is reflected on the statements of operations. Management determined that there was no impairment
of long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Revenue recognition. Effective January
1, 2018, we adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which establishes a single and comprehensive framework on how
much revenue is to be recognized, and when. The core principle is that a vendor should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the vendor expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services. Revenue will be recognized by a vendor when control over the goods or services is transferred to the customer. 

We recognize revenue when performance obligations
related to respective revenue streams are met. For grant revenue, we consider the performance obligation met when the grant related expenses
are incurred, or supplies and materials are received. For clinical trial revenue, we consider the performance obligation met when the
participant has received the therapy. For Contract Manufacturing Revenue, we consider the performance obligation met when the contractual
obligation and / or statement of work has been satisfied. 

Research and development expense. Research
and development costs are charged to expense when incurred in accordance with FASB ASC 730, Research and Development. Research and development
include costs such as clinical trial expenses, contracted research and license agreement fees with no alternative future use, supplies
and materials, salaries, share-based compensation, employee benefits, property and equipment depreciation and allocation of various corporate
costs. We accrue for costs incurred by external service providers, including contract research organizations and clinical investigators,
based on estimates of service performed and costs incurred. These estimates include the level of services performed by the third parties,
subject enrollment in clinical trials, administrative costs incurred by the third parties, and other indicators of the services completed.
Based on the timing of amounts invoiced by service providers, we may also record payments made to those providers as prepaid expenses
that will be recognized as expense in future periods as the related services are rendered. 

67 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, which is a law intended to encourage funding of small businesses
in the U.S. by easing many of the country s securities regulations, and we may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements
that are otherwise applicable to public companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required
to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with those standards. We
have elected to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards; and as a result
of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. The JOBS
Act also exempts us from having to provide an auditor attestation of internal control over financial reporting under Sarbanes-Oxley Act
Section 404(b). 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more, (2)
the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (3) the date on which we have issued more
than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years or (4) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer under the rules of the SEC, which generally is when a company has more than 700 million in market value of its reported class
of stock held by non-affiliates and has been a public company for at least 12 months and have filed at least one Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

A description of recent accounting pronouncements
that may potentially impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is disclosed in Note 2 to our audited financial
statements included in Item 8 of this 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary
course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivities. We held cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
of approximately 19.7 million as of December 31, 2022. We generally hold our cash in interest-bearing money market accounts. Our primary
exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to
the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in
interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The information required by this Item 8 is contained
on the audited financial statements and accompanying notes located at the end of this 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.

Our management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to its management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

68 

Management did not identify material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, which is an integral component of our disclosure controls and procedures. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. However, we do believe we can design and maintain more effective controls in 2023. These may include: additions to personnel and
or consultants; and formalizing and improving our accounting policies, procedures and controls. 

Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Responsibility for Financial Statements 

Our management is responsible
for the integrity and objectivity of all information presented in this 10-K. The financial statements were prepared in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts based on management s best estimates
and judgments. Management believes the financial statements fairly reflect the form and substance of transactions and that the financial
statements fairly represent the Company s financial position and results of operations for the periods and as of the dates stated
therein. 

The Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, meets regularly with our independent registered public
accounting firm, Marcum LLP and representatives of management to review accounting, financial reporting, internal control, and audit
matters, as well as the nature and extent of the audit effort. The Audit Committee is responsible for the engagement of the independent
auditors. The independent auditors have free access to the Audit Committee. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d)
of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

Our management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management
determined that, as of December 31, 2022, we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

69 

PART III 

Certain information required by Part III is omitted
from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
or our 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If our 2022 Proxy Statement is not filed within
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the omitted information will be included in an amendment
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed not later than the end of such 120-day period. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item is to be
included in our 2023 Proxy Statement as follows: 

The information relating to our directors and nominees for
director is to be included in the section entitled Proposal 1 Election of Directors; 

The information relating to our executive officers is to
be included in the section entitled Executive Officers; 

The information relating to our delinquent Section 16(a)
reports, if any, is to be included in the section entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports; and 

The information relating to our audit committee, audit committee
financial expert and procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors is to be included in the section
entitled The Board of Directors and its Committees. 

We have adopted a written Code of Conduct and
Ethics, or Ethics Code, that applies to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Ethics Code is available on our website
at www.horizontherapeutics.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Ethics Code or grant any waiver from a provision of the Ethics
Code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item is to be
included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the sections entitled Executive Compensation, Non-Employee Director Compensation, 
 The Board of Directors and its Committees Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation
Discussion and Analysis and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item with respect
to equity compensation plans is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan
Information and the information required by this item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management
is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the section entitled Other Information Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence 

The following includes a summary of transactions
as of December 31, 2022 to which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and in which any
of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock, or 5 Security Holders,
or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than
equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described under Employment and
Consulting Agreements with our NEOs . We also describe below certain other transactions with our directors, executive officers
and stockholders. 

70 

The following transaction are the Company s
related party transactions as of December 31, 2022: 

On March 27, 2015, the Company entered into a
technology services agreement with Optimal Networks, Inc. (a related company owned by Dr. Joshua Hare s brother-in-law) for use
of information technology services. The Company agreed to issue the related party equity incentive units in the amount equal to 50 of
the charges for invoiced services, with such equity to be issued annually on or about the anniversary date of the agreement. During 2017,
the Company issued 1,901 Series C Units, and on November 22, 2019, and January 29, 2021, the Company issued 820 and 410 Series C Units,
respectively, as payment for an aggregate of 0.2 million of accrued technology services. The Series C units were converted to 16,755
Class A common stock shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed less than 0.1 million, pursuant to this agreement, which
is included in accounts payable in the December 31, 2022 and 2021 balance sheets. 

We utilize Global Vision Communications, LLC,
a service provider owned by a member of our board, Mr. Neil Hare, for public relations, information technology and web development services.
Payment of invoices for services provided are made in cash or through the issuance of our Series C Units as mutually agreed to by the
parties. Amounts incurred amounted to approximately 126,000 and 10,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company owed 0 to the related entity. 

We are a licensee under an exclusive license agreement
with JMHMD Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of our Chief Science Officer and director, for the use of CD271+ cellular therapy technology, a
subpopulation of bone marrow-derived MSCs. We are required to pay a royalty of one percent of the annual net sales of the licensed product(s)
used, leased, or sold by or for us by any sub-licensees. If we sublicense the technology, we are also required to pay an amount equal
to 10 of the net sales of the sub-licensees. The agreement is to remain in effect until either the date all issued patents and filed
patent applications have expired or been abandoned, or 20 years after the date of FDA approval of the last commercialized product or process
arising from the patent rights, whichever comes later. There were no license fees due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 pertaining to this
agreement. The Company to date has not incurred any royalty or sublicense related expense, but has paid 45,000 in license fees( 10,000
per year for 2021, 2020 and 2019) and for a 15,000 extension fee. In addition, the Company paid legal fees of approximately, 17,000
and 42,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in connection with the patent prosecution, issuance, and maintenance
fees related to CD271+ technology. 

Indemnification Agreements 

We have indemnification agreements with each of
our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require us or will require us to indemnify each director and
executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification of expenses such as attorneys fees,
judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the director or executive officer in any action or proceeding, including any action
or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director or executive officer. 

Policies and Procedures for Related Person
Transactions 

Our board has adopted a written related person
transaction policy, which sets forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions.
This policy covers, with certain exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, any transaction, arrangement
or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we were or are to be a participant, where
the amount involved exceeds 120,000 in any fiscal year and a related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest,
including without limitation, purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has
a material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person. In reviewing and approving any
such transactions, our audit committee is tasked to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including, but not limited to, whether
the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in an arm s length transaction and the extent of the related
person s interest in the transaction. All of the transactions described in this section occurred prior to the adoption of this policy. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this item with respect
to principal accountant fees and services is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the section entitled Principal Accountant
Fees and Services and the information required by this item with respect to fees and services is to be included in our 2023 Proxy
Statement under the section entitled Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

71 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements
Schedules 

a. (1) Financial Statements: 

The financial statements required to be filed
by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and filed in this Item 15, are as follows 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB #569) F-3 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Statements of Stockholder s Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Notes to Financial Statements F-9 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable,
or are not required, or because the information is included in the financial statements and notes thereto. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan of Conversion, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2021 
 
 2.2 
 
 Certificate of Conversion of Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2021 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Longeveron Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 16, 2021 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Longeveron Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 16, 2021 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of Class A Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed February 3, 2021 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Underwriter Warrants issued February 17, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2021 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Purchaser Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 3, 2021 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Representative Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 3, 2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement dated November 20, 2014 between the University of Miami and Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.1.1 
 
 Amendment
to Exclusive License Agreement dated December 11, 2017 between the University of Miami and Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.1.2 
 
 Second
Amendment to Exclusive License Agreement dated March 3, 2021 between the University of Miami and Longeveron Inc., incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2021 
 
 10.2 
 
 Collaborative
Research and Development Agreement dated March 3, 2021 between the University of Miami and Longeveron Inc., incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 9, 2021 
 
 10.3 
 
 License
Agreement dated December 22, 2016 between JMHMD Holdings, LLC and Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s
Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 

72 

10.3.1 
 
 First
Amendment to License Agreement effective December 22, 2016, by and between JMHMD Holdings, LLC and Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Consulting
Services Agreement, dated November 20, 2014, by and between Longeveron LLC and Joshua M. Hare, M.D., incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Employment
Agreement, effective August 12, 2020 by and between Longeveron LLC and James Clavijo, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.6 
 
 Lease
Agreement, dated October 6, 2015 by and between Wexford Miami, LLC and Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.7 
 
 Grant
Agreement, dated October 1, 2020 by and between the Maryland Stem Cell Research Commission, acting by and through the Maryland Technology
Development Corporation, and Longeveron LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement
No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.8 
 
 2017 Longeveron LLC Incentive Plan, dated July 18, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January 19, 2021 
 
 10.9 
 
 Longeveron
Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234
filed February 3, 2021 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration
Statement No. 333-252234 filed February 3, 2021 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
of Securities Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December
3, 2021 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form
of Registration Rights Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December
3, 2021 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Employment Agreement between Longeveron Inc. and K. Chris Min, M.D., Ph.D., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed April 5, 2022. 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Employment Agreement between Longeveron Inc. and Wa el Hasad, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2023. 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter to Securities and Exchange Commission from MSL, P.A. dated March 25, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2022. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-252234 filed January
19, 2021 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
filed herewith 

23.2 
 
 Consent of former Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
filed herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). 

73 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LONGEVERON INC 

By: 
 /s/ Mohamed Wa el Ahmed Hashad 

Mohamed Wa el Ahmed Hashad 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 14, 2023 

SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and, on the dates, indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mohamed Wa el Ahmed Hashasd 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Mohamed Wa el Ahmed Hashad 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ James Clavijo 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 James Clavijo 
 
 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Joshua M. Hare 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Joshua M. Hare 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Donald M. Soffer 

/s/ Neil E. Hare 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Neil E. Hare 

/s/ Rock Soffer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Rock Soffer 

/s/ Douglas Losordo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Douglas Losordo 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Cathy Ross 

/s/ Erin Borger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Erin Borger 

/s/ Ursula Ungaro 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Ursula Ungaro 

/s/ Todd C. Girolamo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Todd C. Girolamo 

74 

LONGEVERON, INC 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Table of Contents 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB #688) 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB #569) 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Longeveron, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Longeveron, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 . 

March 14,
2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Longeveron Inc. 

Miami, Florida 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Longeveron Inc (formerly known as Longeveron LLC) (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of
operations, members and stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (U.S.) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As a part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ MSL, P.A. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2017. 

Orlando, Florida 

March 14, 2023 

F- 3 

Longeveron Inc. 

Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts and grants receivable 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use (ROU) asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of lease liability 

Estimated lawsuit liability 
 
 -

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Lease liability 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Class B Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 -

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

Longeveron Inc. 

Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Grant revenue 

Clinical trial revenue 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expenses) and income 

Lawsuit expense 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan 
 - 

Interest expense 
 - 

Other refundable tax credits 

Other income, net 

Total other (expenses) and income, net 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding

S ee notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

Longeveron Inc. 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 
 
 -

Total comprehensive loss 

S ee notes to financial statements. 

F- 6 

Longeveron Inc. 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 

(In thousands, except share amounts) 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Member
 Units 
 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Total 

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Number
 of 
 Units 
 Amount 
 Subscription 
 Receivable 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Stockholder s 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Units into Class A and B common stock 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Initial public offering and overallotment of Class A Common Stock, net of in issuance costs 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

PIPE offering of Class A Common Stock, net of 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, issued for RSUs vested 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, held for taxes on RSUs vested 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, issued for warrant exercises 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, issued for stock option exercises 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, issued for consulting 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Equity-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Conversion
 of Class B common stock for Class A common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class
 A Common Stock, issued for RSUs vested 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class
 A Common Stock, held for taxes on RSUs vested 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, issued for stock option exercises 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class
 A Common Stock, issued for consulting 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Equity-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Unrealized
 loss attributable to change in market value of available for sale investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

See notes to financial statements. 

F- 7 

Longeveron Inc. 

Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

Years ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan 
 -

Loss on sale of equipment 
 -

Change in fair value of marketable securities 
 -

Equity issued to employees and consultants 

Equity-based compensation 

Non-operating lawsuit expense 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and grants receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

ROU asset and lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Marketable securities 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from initial public offering of common stock, net of commissions and expenses 
 -

Proceeds from secondary offering 
 -

Proceeds from warrants exercised 
 -

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Repayments of short-term note payable 
 -

Repayments of EIDL loan 
 -

Payments for Consulting fees with RSUs 
 
 -

Payments for taxes on RSUs vested 

Net cash (used) provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 

Supplement Disclosure of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Conversion of Series A, B and C units into Class A and B common stock 
 -

Vesting of RSUs into Class A Common Stock 
 -

Increase in deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 -

See notes to financial statements. 

F- 8 

Longeveron Inc. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

per share (the Class A Common Stock began to trade on NASDAQ under the stock symbol LGVN .
Pursuant to the IPO, the Company sold shares of Class A Common Stock at a public offering price of per share for aggregate
gross proceeds of million prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. In addition, the
Company granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares at the public offering price less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. 

shares of Class A Common Stock at
a public offering price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions,
and other offering expenses. 

shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock were issued at a purchase
price of per share, with each investor also receiving a warrant to purchase up to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal
to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchased by such investor in the Offering, at an exercise price of per share (the
 Purchaser Warrants ), for a total purchase price of approximately million (the 2021 PIPE Offering ). The
Purchaser Warrants are immediately exercisable, expire five years from the date of issuance and have certain downward pricing adjustment
mechanisms, subject to a floor, as set forth in greater detail therein. In addition, the Company granted the underwriters warrants, under
similar terms, to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

F- 9 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company expects to continue
to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

million and marketable securities of million. The Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents
and investments as of December 31, 2022 will enable it to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at
least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 

F- 10 

Total 

million were netted against the proceeds from the private placement. Offering costs of million have been prepaid
as of December 31, 2020 and then netted against the IPO proceeds as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 11 

- years. Patents are amortized over their
estimated useful life, once issued. The Company considers trademarks to have an indefinite useful life and evaluates them for impairment
on an annual basis. Amortization expense is recorded in the research and development line of the Statements of Operations as the assets
are primarily related to the Company s clinical programs. 

million and , respectively, of funds that were previously classified as deferred revenue. Due to the MSCRF TEDCO grant
ARDS program being discontinued, the million recorded as deferred revenue will be reversed when the funds are returned to MSCRF 
TEDCO. 

F- 12 

Clinical trial revenue 

Alzheimer s Association grant 
 -

MSCRF TEDCO 1 - grant 

Contract manufacturing revenue 
 -
 
 -

Total 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
due to net operating losses. The Company has not recorded any tax benefit for the net operating losses incurred due to the uncertainty
of realizing a benefit in the future. 

F- 13 

. The Company had insufficient historical
data to utilize in determining its expected life assumptions and, therefore, uses the simplified method for determining expected life. 

-
 
 -

U.S. government agencies 
 -

-

Corporate and foreign bonds 
 -

-

Money market funds (1) 
 
 -
 
 -

Accrued income 
 
 -
 
 -

Total marketable securities 

-

-
 
 -

U.S. government agencies 
 -

-

Corporate and foreign bonds 
 -

-

Money market funds (1) 
 
 -
 
 -

Accrued income 
 
 -
 
 -

Total marketable securities 

-

and , respectively. These amounts
are recorded in other assets on the Balance Sheets and are not included in the carrying value of the marketable securities. 

. These unrealized losses were recorded on the Balance sheet
as accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortized
cost of these securities was 9,428,000 and 9,471,000, respectively. 

F- 14 

Furniture/Lab equipment 

Computer equipment 

Software/Website 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

years 

Patent Costs 

- 

Trademark costs 

- 

Total 

years 

Patent Costs 

- 

Trademark costs 

- 

Total 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 15 

million and million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2021, the ROU asset and lease liability were approximately million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Less: Interest discount rate) 

Present Value of Lease Liability 

million of total lease costs that are included in the general and administrative expenses
in the statements of operations. 

-year renewal periods, and 
in monthly payments. The sublease was terminated in the second quarter of 2022. For the ended December 31, 2022, was recognized
as sublease income, due to the Company receiving of equipment and of security deposit forfeited. As compared to the year
ended December 31, 2021, where was recognized as sublease income and is included in other income in the accompanying statements
of operations. 

per share (the Class A Common Stock began to trade on NASDAQ under the stock symbol LGVN .
Pursuant to the IPO, the Company sold shares of Class A Common Stock at a public offering price of per share for aggregate
gross proceeds of million prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. In addition, the
Company granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares at the public offering price less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. 

shares of Class A Common Stock at
a public offering price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions,
and other offering expenses. 

F- 16 

RSUs convertible to unregistered shares of Class A Common Stock, with an aggregate value of as payment
for accrued expenses under a consulting agreement with Dr. Hare. 

RSUs granted
in connection with the Company s IPO vested, of which were held by Company employees. Based on the closing price of 
on October 3, 2022, 
The shares withheld are available for reissuance pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

RSUs granted
in connection with the Company s IPO vested, of which were held by Company employees. Based on the closing price of 
on July 1, 2022, 
The shares withheld are available for reissuance pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

RSUs were
granted to the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Geoff Green, in exchange for of compensation, as agreed upon in
connection with his separation. 

RSUs that previously
had been granted to our Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel vested. 

RSUs that previously
had been granted to our Chief Medical Officer vested. on April 3, 2022, the Company recorded a tax
liability of 5,000 for the employee and a corresponding tax liability for the Company of 1,000. In total, the Company paid 6,000 for
employee and employer taxes that resulted from the vesting of RSUs. In order to cover the employee tax liability, the Company withheld
357 shares of Class A Common Stock owned by the Chief Medical Officer upon vesting. The shares withheld are available for reissuance pursuant
to the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

RSUs granted
in connection with the Company s IPO vested, of which were held by Company employees. Based on the closing price of 
on April 1, 2022, 
The shares withheld are available for reissuance pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

RSUs vested
that were previously granted to a member of the Company s Board of Directors vested. 

RSUs that
were previously granted to members of the Company s Board of Directors upon the completion of the IPO vested. 

RSUs granted
in connection with the Company s IPO vested, of which were held by Company employees. Based on the closing price of 
on January 3, 2022, 
The shares withheld are available for reissuance pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

Series C Common Membership Units Series C Units ), as payment for
existing consulting agreements, with an aggregate value of million. As part of the Corporate Conversion, outstanding Series
C units (which includes the units referenced in the prior sentence) converted into shares of Class A Common Stock. 

F- 17 

RSUs granted
to employees and directors vested, of which were held by Company employees. Based on the closing price of on October 1, 2021,
 The shares withheld are
available for reissuance pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

outstanding Series A and B units were converted into shares of our unregistered Class B Common Stock. 

The holders of Class B Common Stock may convert each
share of Class B Common Stock into one share of Class A Common Stock at any time at the holder s option. Class B Common Stock is
not publicly tradable. 

shares of Class B Common Stock for shares of Class A Common Stock. 

shares of Class A Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part,
during the four and a half-year period commencing August 12, 2021, at a price of per share. Total grant date fair value of warrants
as of December 31, 2021 was approximately million. During 2021, the underwriters assigned of the warrants to its employees.
As of December 31, 2021, warrants have been exercised for Class A Common Stock shares at an exercise price of for . 

warrants to investors to purchase up to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Class
A Common Stock purchased by such investor in the offering, at an exercise price of per share. The purchaser warrants are immediately
exercisable, expire from the date of issuance and have certain downward pricing adjustment mechanisms, subject to a floor,
as set forth in greater detail in the purchase warrants. In addition, the Company granted the underwriters warrants, under similar terms,
to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share. 

Series C units issued for cash 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Issuance of Series C units as payment for amounts accrued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Equity-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Conversion of Units into Class A and B common stock 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 18 

RSUs convertible to unregistered shares of Class A Common Stock, with an aggregate value of as payment
for accrued expenses under a consulting agreement with Dr. Hare. 

RSUs. The RSUs will vest upon the first-year anniversary of his first day of employment
with Longeveron, with vesting thereafter on the second, third and fourth anniversaries of his employment. In each case, the vesting
of the equity awards will be subject to Mr. Bailey s continued service through the applicable vesting dates. RSUs shall be expensed
on a quarterly basis at the rate of for the quarterly vesting amount of RSUs, with a price per share of (the closing
price of the Company s stock on September 6, 2022). 

of separation compensation to Mr. Green (Mr. Green resigned as CEO effective June 1, 2022), which were converted into RSUs. The
RSU were issued based on the three-day average of the fair market value prior to the time of grant, June 22, 2022, of . 

RSUs each that vested one-third
at the grant date, with the remaining two thirds vesting on the first- and second-year anniversary of the grant date. The RSU were issued
based at fair market value at the time of grant, June 3, 2022, of . 

, and , respectively. The bonus was paid out
in cash and RSUs with Mr. Green, Mr. Lehr and Dr. Hare receiving , and RSUs each, respectively. The RSU were issued
based on a fair market value at the time of grant, July 20, 2021, of . 

and , respectively RSUs outstanding (unvested). 

RSU granted 

RSUs vested 

RSU expired/forfeited 

Outstanding (unvested) at December 31, 2022 

of the outstanding common stock shares. 

F- 19 

; an expected life of years;
volatility of ; and risk-free interest rate based on the grant date ranging from of to . Each option grant
made during 2022 and 2021, will be expensed ratably over the option vesting periods, which approximates the service period. 

shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan, at a
weighted average exercise price of per share. Also, as of December 31, 2021, the Company has recorded issued and outstanding options
to purchase a total of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan, at a weighted average exercise
price of per share. 

Stock options unvested 

Total stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Stock options unvested 

Total stock options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options expired/forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Class A Common Stock options to each of its directors (a total of ). The stock option award has a four-year vesting
period, vesting per year, and has an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to
be expensed was and a total cost of that would be expensed ratably over months. 

Class A Common Stock options to Mr. Lehr. The stock option award has a four-year vesting period, vesting 
per year, and has an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and
a total cost of less than million would be expensed ratably over months. 

Class A Common Stock options to an employee. The stock option award has a four-year vesting period, vesting 
per year, and has an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and
a total cost of less than million would be expensed ratably over months. 

Class A Common Stock options to Mr. Lehr. The stock option award vested upon the grant date and has an exercise price of .
Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and a total cost of less than million was
expensed on the grant date. 

Class A Common Stock options to employees. The stock option award has a four-year vesting period, vesting 
per year, and has an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and
a total cost of less than million would be expensed ratably over months. 

Class A Common Stock options to employees. The stock option awards have four-year vesting periods, vesting 
per year, and have an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and
a total cost of million would be expensed ratably over months. 

Class A Common Stock options to employees. The stock option awards have four-year vesting periods, vesting per year, and
have an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was 5.03 and a total cost
of million would be expensed ratably over 48 months. 

Class A Common Stock options to an employee. The stock option award has a four-year vesting period, vesting per year, and has
an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and a total cost of less
than million would be expensed ratably over 48 months. 

F- 20 

Class A Common Stock options to an employee. The stock option award has a four-year vesting period, vesting per year, and
has an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and a total cost
of approximately million would be expensed ratably over 48 months. 

Class A Common Stock options to an employee. The stock option award has a four-year vesting period, vesting per year, and
has an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and a total cost
of less than million would be expensed ratably over 48 months. 

Class A Common Stock options to executives. Mr. Green was granted Class A Common Stock options and Mr. Lehr, Dr. Hare and Mr. Clavijo
were each granted Class A Common Stock options. The stock options have four-year vesting periods, vesting on July 22, 2021
with the remaining award vesting in equal installments over the remaining , with an exercise price of . Based upon a Black-Scholes
calculation, the price per share to be expensed was and a total cost of million would be expensed ratably over 48 months. 

million and million, respectively, which is included in
the research and development and general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

million will be recognized over approximately a
weighted average of years. 

million over the next two years. On March 10, 2022, the Company entered into a clinical studies
agreement with a third party in conjunction with an upcoming clinical trial in Japan. The agreement provides for payments totaling million
over the course of two years. 

annually. The compensation payments are for scientific knowledge, medical research, technical knowledge, skills, and abilities to be provided
by the CSO to further develop the intellectual property rights assigned by the CSO to the Company. This agreement requires the CSO to
also assign to the Company the exclusive right, title, and interest in any work product developed from his efforts during the term of
this agreement. On November 16, 2022, the Company accounted for but had not issued RSUs convertible to unregistered shares of Class
A Common Stock, with an aggregate value of as payment for accrued expenses under a consulting agreement with the CSO. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had an accrued balance due to the CSO of approximately and as of December 31, 2021 had a balance due of
 . 

of
the charges for invoiced services, with such equity to be issued annually on or about the anniversary date of the agreement. During 2017,
the Company issued Series C Units, and on November 22, 2019, and January 29, 2021, the Company issued and Series C Units,
respectively, as payment for an aggregate of million of accrued technology services. The Series C units were converted to 
Class A common stock shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed less than million, pursuant to this agreement, which
is included in accounts payable in the December 31, 2022 and 2021 balance sheets. 

F- 21 

payments of , to be paid within six months of: (a) the completion of the first Phase 3 clinical trial of the
products (based upon the final data unblinding); (b) the receipt by the Company of approval for the first new drug application NDA ),
biologics application BLA ), or other marketing or licensing application for the product; and (c) the first sale following
product approval. 

million. The settlement agreement is subject to final approval by the
Court, which we expect to occur sometime in 2023. This amount is recorded as Non-operating Lawsuit expenses. Legal expenses incurred in
ordinary business activities are reported within general and administrative expenses. 

F- 22 

and to the Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ASC842 Lease liability 

Equity based compensation 

Fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized research development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Accrual to cash adjustment 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

ASC842 Right-of-use asset 

Changes in other assets 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

million, all of which have no expiration. The Company also had state NOL carryforwards of approximately
 million, which expire at various dates through 2043. However, these NOLs are subject to various limitations under Internal Revenue
Code IRC Section 382. IRC Section 382 limits the use of NOLs to the extent there has been an ownership change of more
than percentage points in shares owned by any owner. In addition, the NOL carry forwards are subject to examination by the taxing
authority and could be adjusted or disallowed due to such exams. Although the Company has not undergone an IRC Section 382 analysis, it
is likely that the utilization of the NOLs may be substantially limited. 

F- 23 

State tax benefits, net of federal benefit 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit 
 -
 
 -

Stock options 

Warrants 

Total 

million in expenses related to investor
and public relations had been recorded as general and administrative expenses rather that in selling and marketing expenses. This change
in classification does not affect previously reported operation expenses in the Statement of Operations. 

RSUs vested of which were held by Company employees. RSUs are taxable
upon vesting based on the market value on the date of vesting. The Company is required to make mandatory tax withholding for the payment
and satisfaction of income tax, social security tax, payroll tax, or payment on account of other tax related to withholding obligations
that arise by reason of vesting of an RSU. The taxable income is calculated by multiplying the number of vested RSUs for each individual
by the closing price as of the vesting date (January 3, 2022) and a tax liability is calculated based on each individual s
tax bracket. As a result, on January 3, 2022, the Company recorded a tax liability of for the employees and a corresponding tax
liability for the Company of . In total, the Company paid for employee and employer taxes that resulted from the vesting
of RSUs. In order to cover the employee tax liability, the Company withheld shares of Class A Common Stock owned by the Company s
employees upon vesting. The shares received have been transferred into the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

and will be eligible for an annual cash bonus of up to seventy percent of
his base salary, eighty percent of which will be based on the achievement of pre-established performance criteria and twenty percent of which will be discretionary. Mr. Hashad will receive a signing bonus of Restricted Stock Units, which shall vest in quarterly
installments on each of April 1, 2023, July 1, 2023, September 1, 2023, and December 31, 2023. Mr Hashad will also be eligible to receive
annual long-term equity incentive awards through 2026 consisting of shares of time-based vesting stock options and up to 
of performance share units, in accordance with the terms of the Longeveron 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 

F-24 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_longeveron.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements of Longeveron Inc. on Forms S-1 [File Nos. 333-252234 and 333-261667], S-3 [File No. 333-264142] and S-8
[File No. 333-253141] of our report dated March 10, 2023, with respect to our audit of the financial statements of Longeveron Inc. as
of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Longeveron
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Hartford, CT 

 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-2_longeveron.htm
 CONSENT OF FORMER INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Longeveron Inc. 

 Miami, Florida 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-252234 and 333-261667), Form S-3 (No. 333-264142), and Form S-8 (No. 333-253141) of Longeveron
Inc. (the Company of our report dated March 11, 2022, relating to the financial statements of the Company as of December
31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

/s/ MSL, P.A. 

Orlando, Florida 

 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_longeveron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certifications 

I, Wa el Hashad, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Longeveron Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 /s/ Wa el Hashad 

Wa el Hashad 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_longeveron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certifications 

I, James Clavijo, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Longeveron Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 /s/ James Clavijo 

James Clavijo 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_longeveron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Longeveron
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Wa el Hashad, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ Wa el Hashad 

Wa el Hashad 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_longeveron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Longeveron
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Clavijo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 14, 2023 

/s/ James Clavijo 

James Clavijo 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lgvn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lgvn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lgvn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lgvn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lgvn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

