<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1431074_0001393905-23-000154.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7103376</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>278063</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1240989</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1617850</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1530491</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2305715</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393905-23-000154.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393905-23-000154
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bergio International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001431074
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	JEWELRY, SILVERWARE & PLATED WARE [3910]
		IRS NUMBER:				271338257
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54714
		FILM NUMBER:		23780817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 DANIEL ROAD
		CITY:			EAST FAIRFIELD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 227-3230

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 DANIEL ROAD
		CITY:			EAST FAIRFIELD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alba Mineral Exploration
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393905-23-000154.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 brgo-20221231.htm
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended: 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock .00001 par value 
 (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 i 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock (par value 0.00001 per share) held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was using the closing price on June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of March 30, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference: None . 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 10 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 
 11 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 14 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 22 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 24 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 24 

PART III 
 24 
 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance 
 24 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 26 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 31 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 

Signatures 
 35 

iii 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements, as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including matters described in the section titled Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, project, plan, will, shall, should, and similar expressions, including when used in the negative. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published, to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise. 
 
 We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting us, our customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers, and the ultimate extent of the impacts on our business, financial position, results of operations, liquidity and prospects are uncertain. Continued deterioration in general business and economic conditions, including further increases in unemployment rates, or turbulence in domestic or global markets could adversely affect our revenues and the values of our assets and liabilities, reduce the availability of funding, lead to a tightening of credit, and further increase stock price volatility. In addition, changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies or practices as a result of, or in response to COVID-19, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. The forward-looking statements in this Report are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
 From time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases, in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report. 
 
 Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 
 
 For discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results see Item 1A - Risk Factors below. 
 
 In this Report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, Bergio , the Company , we , us or our refer to Bergio International, Inc., a Wyoming corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

iv 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 We were incorporated as Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. on July 24, 2007, in the State of Delaware for the purpose of engaging in the exploration of mineral properties. On October 21, 2009, we entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Diamond Information Institute, Inc. Diamond Information Institute ), whereby we acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Diamond Information Institute and changed the name of the company to Bergio International, Inc. On February 19, 2020, the Company changed its state of incorporation to the State of Wyoming. 
 
 The Bergio brand is our most important asset. The Bergio brand is associated with high-quality, handcrafted and individually designed pieces with European sensibility, Italian craftsmanship and a bold flair for the unexpected. Bergio, is one of the most coveted brands of fine jewelry. Established in 1995, Bergio s signature innovative design, coupled with extraordinary diamonds and precious stones, earned the company recognition as a highly sought-after purveyor of rare and exquisite treasures from around the globe. As President, CEO and Head Designer of Bergio, Berge Abajian performs a highly successful balancing act, accomplished with equal parts precision and passion. An informed and inspirational leader, Berge directs the company with the eye and soul of a designer and the mind of a businessman. The role that is perhaps closest to his heart, however, is that of designer. With family jewelry roots reaching back the 1930s, Berge is a third-generation jeweler and a purist when it comes to design. Berge s understanding of every aspect, in both design and manufacturing, creates collections that are nothing short of peerless in craftsmanship and style. Berge creates a collection; he looks well beyond the drawing board. Berge focuses on the woman who will ultimately wear his pieces, bringing to creation a magnificent piece of jewelry that reflects the beauty and vitality a woman possesses. Bergio creations are a seamless blend of classic elegance and subtle flair, adding to a woman s charm while never overpowering her. 
 
 It is our intention to establish Bergio as a holding company for the purpose of establishing retails stores worldwide. Our branded product lines are products and/or collections designed by our designer and CEO Berge Abajian and will be the centerpiece of our retail stores. We also intend to complement our own quality-designed jewelry with other products and our own specially designed handbags. This is in line with our strategy and belief that a brand name can create an association with innovation, design and quality which helps add value to the individual products as well as facilitate the introduction of new products. 
 
 It is our intention to open elegant stores in high-end areas and provide excellent service in our stores which will be staffed with knowledgeable professionals. 
 
 We also intend to sell our products on a wholesale basis to limited customers. 
 
 On March 5, 2014, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary called Crown Luxe, Inc. in the State of Delaware Crown Luxe ). Crown Luxe was established to operate the Company s first retail store, which was opened in Bergen County, New Jersey in 2014. 
 
 During the fall of 2018, we opened our second retail store at the new Ocean Resort Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey. We are also contemplating the opening of new stores in the future. 
 
 The Company s plan is also to expand its online presence and take advantage of the Bergio Brand. On February 10, 2021, we entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Digital Age Business, Inc., a Florida corporation, Digital Age Business ), pursuant to which the shareholders of Digital Age Business agreed to sell all of the assets and liabilities of its Aphrodite s business to a recently formed subsidiary of the Company known as Aphrodite s Marketing, Inc. Aphrodite s Marketing ), a Wyoming corporation in exchange for created Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, which collectively, shall be convertible at Shareholders option, at any time, in whole or in part, into that number of shares of common stock of the Company which shall equal thirty percent (30 of the total issued and outstanding common stock of the Company (as determined at the earlier of (i) the date of conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock; and (ii) eighteen (18) months following the Closing). We own 51 of Aphrodite s Marketing. In addition, the Company will provide an additional 5,000,000 in financing for Aphrodite s Marketing, Inc. (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail and Form 8-K file with the SEC on February 17, 2021). 
 1 
 
 On July 1, 2021 Closing ), we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with GearBubble, Inc., a Nevada corporation, GearBubble ), pursuant to which the shareholders of GearBubble (the Equity Recipients agreed to sell 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of GearBubble to a recently formed subsidiary of the Company known as GearBubble Tech, Inc. GearBubble Tech ), a Wyoming corporation in exchange for 3,162,000 (the Cash Purchase Price ), which shall be paid as follows: a) 2,000,000 (which was paid in cash at Closing), b) 1,162,000 to be paid in 15 equal installments, and c) 49,000 of the 100,000 authorized shares of the Merger Sub, such that upon the Closing, 51 of the Merger Sub shall be owned by the Company, and 49 of the Merger Sub shall be owned by the GearBubble Shareholders. We own 51 of GearBubble Tech (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail and Form 8-K file with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 
 
 The funding for these acquisitions were a combination of proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our S-1 Registration Statement and debt. 
 
 Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech are expected to increase our online presence and provide for expansion of the Bergio Brand. Aphrodite is a one-stop shop for jewelry, gifts, and surprises for any occasion. The online stores provides for a unique gifting experience in the ecommerce space. With their technological experience in ecommerce, we expect to grow the Bergio Brand, and in conjunction with Bergio s design expertise and years of experience in the jewelry industry, we believe we can successfully grow the business. 
 
 The Company has instituted various cost saving measures to conserve cash and has worked with its debtors in an attempt to negotiate the debt terms. The Company has been also investigating various strategies to increase sales and expand its business. The Company is in negotiations with some potential partners, but, at this time, there is nothing concrete, but the Company remains positive about its prospects. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in its endeavors or that it will be able to increase its business. 
 
 Our future operations are contingent upon increasing revenues and raising capital for on-going operations and expansion of our product lines. Because we have a limited operating history, you may have difficulty evaluating our business and future prospects. 
 
 Principal Products and Services 
 
 Our products consist of a wide range of unique jewelry styles and designs made from precious metals such as gold, platinum and Karat gold, as well as other precious stones. We continuously innovate and change our designs based upon consumer trends. As a result of new designs being created, we believe we are able to differentiate ourselves from our competition and strengthen our brands. We sell our products to our customers at price points that reflect the market price of the base material as well as design and processing fees. 
 
 We believe that we are a trendsetter in jewelry manufacturing. As a result, we come out with a variety of products throughout the year that we believe have commercial potential to meet what we feel are new trends within the industry. The Bergio designs consist of upscale jewelry that includes white diamonds, yellow diamonds, pearls, and colored stones, in 18K gold, platinum, and palladium. We currently design and produce approximately 100 to 150 product styles. Current retail prices for our products range from 400 to 200,000. 
 
 Our product range is divided into three fashion lines: (i) an 18K gold line, (ii) a bridal line, and (iii) a couture and/or one of kind pieces. Our Chief Executive Officer and director, Mr. Abajian, consults regularly with the design teams to design and create new products and product lines. 
 
 Each year, we attempt to expand and/or enhance these lines, while constantly seeking to identify trends that we believe exist in the market for new styles or types of merchandise. Design and innovation are the primary focus of our manufacturing and we are less concerned with the supply and capacity of raw materials. Mr. Abajian with his contacts, which are located mostly overseas, regularly meets to discuss, conceptualize and develop Bergio s various products and collections. When necessary, additional suppliers and design teams can be brought in as needed. Management intends to maintain a diverse line of jewelry to mitigate concentration of sales and continuously expand our market reach. 
 
 Competition and Market Overview 
 
 The jewelry design and manufacture industry is extremely competitive and has low barriers to entry. We compete with other jewelry designers and manufacturers of upscale jewelry as well as retail jewelry stores and ecommerce stores. 
 2 
 
 There are over 1,500 jewelry design and manufacture companies worldwide, several of which have greater experience, brand name recognition and financial resources than Bergio, but our vision to create a one Branded stores offering variety of products gives us an advantage over other designers. 
 
 Our management believes that the jewelry industry competes in the global marketplace and therefore must be adaptable to remain competitive. Consumer spending for discretionary goods such as jewelry is sensitive to changes in consumer confidence and ultimately consumer confidence is affected by general business considerations in the U.S. economy. Consumer discretionary spending generally declines during times of falling consumer confidence, which may affect the retail sale of our products. U.S. consumer confidence reflected these slowing conditions throughout the last few years. 
 
 We believe that a stronger economy, more spending by young professionals with an overall trend toward luxury products will lead to future growth. Therefore, we intend to make strong efforts to maintain our brand in the industry through our focus on the innovation and design of our products as well as being able to consolidate and increase cost efficiency when possible through acquisitions. 
 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 
 It is our intention to establish Bergio as a holding company for the purpose of establishing retails stores worldwide and increase our online presence. Our branded product lines are products and/or collections designed by our designer and CEO Berge Abajian and will be the centerpiece of our retail and ecommerce stores. We also intend to complement our own quality-designed jewelry with other products and our own specially designed handbags manufactured in Florence Italy also we introduced our silver Fashion Line which completed the Brand. This is in line with our strategy and belief that a brand name can create an association with innovation, design and quality which helps add value to the individual products as well as facilitate the introduction of new products. 
 
 It is our intention to open elegant stores in high-end areas and provide excellent service in our stores which will be staffed with knowledgeable professionals and opening online shopping gives us an extreme reach into different markets and support our retail operations. We also intend to sell our products on a wholesale basis to limited customers. 
 
 On February 10, 2021, we entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Digital Age Business, Inc., a Florida corporation, pursuant to which the shareholders of Digital Age Business agreed to sell all of the assets and liabilities of its Aphrodite s business to a recently formed subsidiary of the Company known as Aphrodite s Marketing, Inc. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with GearBubble, Inc., a Nevada corporation, GearBubble ), pursuant to which the shareholders of GearBubble agreed to sell 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of GearBubble to a recently formed subsidiary of the Company known as GearBubble Tech, Inc. 
 
 Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech are expected to increase our online presence and provide for expansion of the Bergio Brand. 
 
 Customers 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no customer accounted for over 10 of total revenues. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total accounts receivable amounted to 119,931 and two customers represented 90 (60 and 30 of this balance. As of December 31, 2021, accounts receivable amounted to 51,324 and two customers represented 75 of this balance. 
 
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials and Principal Suppliers 
 
 Most of the inventory and raw materials we purchase occurs through our manufacturers located in Europe and U.S. The inventory that we directly maintain is based on recent sales and revenues of our products but ultimately is at the discretion of Mr. Abajian, and his experience in the industry. Our inventories are commodities that can be incorporated into future products or can be sold on the open market. Additionally, we perform physical inventory inspections on a quarterly basis to assess upcoming styling needs and consider the current pricing in metals and stones needed for our products. 
 3 
 
 We acquire all raw gemstones, precious metals and other raw materials used for manufacturing our products on the open market. We are not constrained in our purchasing by any contracts with any suppliers and acquire raw material based upon, among other things, availability and price on the open wholesale market. 
 
 Product for U.S. consumption is now produced in the U.S, and our contracted manufacturer in Italy. Our manufacturing supplier in Italy, who procures the raw materials in accordance with the specifications and designs submitted by Bergio. However, the general supply of precious metals and stones used by us can be reasonably forecast even though the prices will fluctuate. Any price differentials in the precious metals and stones will typically be passed on to the customer. 
 
 Most of our precious stones are purchased from various diamond dealers. We do not have any formal agreements with any of our suppliers but have established an ongoing relationship with each of our suppliers. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Bergio is a federally registered trademarked name that we own. Since the first trademark of Bergio was filed, all advertising, marketing, trade shows and overall presentation of our product to the public has prominently displayed this trademark. As additional lines are designed and added to our products, we may trademark new names to distinguish particular products and jewelry lines. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 There were no expenses incurred for research and development in year 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of March 30, 2023, Bergio International, Inc, and subsidiaries had 17 full-time employees and 4 part-time employees. Our current employees are administrative, sales and marketing personnel. No personnel are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We use the services of independent consultants and contractors from time to time when needed. 
 
 Environmental Regulation and Compliance 
 
 The United States environmental laws do not materially impact our manufacturing as we are using state of the art equipment that complies with all relevant environmental laws. 
 
 Approximately 5 of the Company s manufacturing is contracted to quality suppliers in the vicinity of Valenza, Italy, with the remaining 95 of setting and finishing work being conducted in our Fairfield, New Jersey facility. The setting and finishing work done in our New Jersey facility involves the use of precision lasers, rather than using old soldering procedures which uses gas and oxygen to assemble different elements. Soap and water is used as a standard to clean the jewelry. Also, a standard polishing compound is used for the finishing work, but it does not have a material impact on our cost and effect of compliance with environmental laws. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Currently, we are subject to all of the government regulations that regulate businesses generally such as compliance with regulatory requirements of federal, state, and local agencies and authorities, including regulations concerning workplace safety, labor relations, and disadvantaged businesses. In addition, our operations are affected by federal and state laws relating to marketing practices in the retail jewelry industry. We are subject to the jurisdiction of federal, various state and other taxing authorities. From time to time, these taxing authorities review or audit our business. 
 
 Where You Can Find More Information 
 
 Our website address is www.bergio.com. We do not intend our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate by reference the contents of the website into this Report. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) 
 4 
 
 that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 WE HAVE HAD LIMITED OPERATIONS, HAVE INCURRED LOSSES SINCE INCEPTION, HAVE LIMITEDCASH TO SUSTAIN OUR OPERATIONS, AND WE NEED ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO EXECUTE OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND RECEIVED A GOING CONCERN OPINION IN PRIOR PERIODS. 
 
 The Company has suffered recurring losses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had net loss attributable to Bergio International, Inc. of 2,269,691 and cash used in operations of 1,920,719. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn, is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise capital and/or generate positive cash flows from operations. 
 
 Management plans to achieve profitability by increasing its business through opening additional retail stores and expanding its online presence. There can be no assurance that the Company can raise the required capital to support operations or increase sales to achieve profitable operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 
 
 A DECLINE IN DISCRETIONARY CONSUMER SPENDING MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR INDUSTRY, OUR OPERATIONS, AND ULTIMATELY OUR PROFITABILITY. 
 
 Luxury products, such as fine jewelry, are discretionary purchases for consumers. Any reduction in consumer discretionary spending or disposable income may affect the jewelry industry more significantly than other industries. Many economic factors outside of our control could affect consumer discretionary spending, including the financial markets, consumer credit availability, prevailing interest rates, energy costs, employment levels, salary levels, and tax rates. Any reduction in discretionary consumer spending could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 THERE IS A RISK ASSOCIATED WITH COVID-19 
 
 The Company s operations were and may be continued to be affected by the recent and ongoing outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) which in March 2020, was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The ultimate disruption which may be caused by the outbreak is uncertain; however, it may result in a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, operations and cash flows. Possible areas that may be affected include, but are not limited to, disruption to the Company s customers and revenue, labor workforce, unavailability of products and supplies used in operations, and the decline in value of assets held by the Company, including property and equipment. 
 
 OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY IMPACTED BY WORLDWIDE POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC UNCERTAINTIES AND SPECIFIC CONDITIONS IN THE MARKETS WE ADDRESS. 
 
 In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity, concerns about inflation, increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, and reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and financial conditions could materially adversely affect (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and future products and (iii) our ability to commercialize products. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the display industry. 
 
 THE LOSS OF THE SERVICERS OF OUR KEY EMPLOYEES, PARTICULARLY THE SERVICES RENDERED BY OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR, MR. BERGE ABAJIAN, COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. 
 5 
 
 We believe our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the efforts and abilities of Berge Abajian, our Chief Executive Officer. If we lost Mr. Abajian, we would be forced to expend significant time and money in the pursuit of a replacement, which would result in both a delay in the implementation of our business plan and the diversion of limited working capital. We can give you no assurance that we could find a satisfactory replacement for Mr. Abajian at all, or on terms that are not unduly expensive or burdensome. 
 
 OUR FUTURE SUCCESS DEPENDS UPON, IN LARGE PART, OUR CONTINUING ABILITY TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL. 
 
 If we grow and implement our business plan, we will need to add managerial talent to support our business plan. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in adding such managerial talent. These professionals are regularly recruited by other companies and may choose to change companies. Given our relatively small size compared to some of our competitors, the performance of our business may be more adversely affected than our competitors would be if we lose well-performing employees and are unable to attract new ones. 
 
 BECAUSE WE INTEND TO OPEN NEW RETAIL STORES AND SUCH ACTIVITY INVOLVES A NUMBER OF RISKS, OUR BUSINESS MAY SUFFER. 
 
 We may consider acquisitions of assets or other business. Any acquisition or opening of another retail store or other operations involves a number of risks that could fail to meet our expectations and adversely affect our profitability. For example: 
 
 The acquired assets or business may not achieve expected results; 
 
 We may incur substantial, unanticipated costs, delays or other operational or financial problems when integrating the acquired assets; 
 
 We may not be able to retain key personnel of an acquired business; 
 
 We may not be able to raise the required capital to expand; 
 
 Our management s attention may be diverted; or 
 
 Our management may not be able to manage the acquired assets or combined entity effectively or to make acquisitions and grow our business internally at the same time. 
 
 If these problems arise, we may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition. 
 
 BECAUSE THE JEWELRY INDUSTRY IN GENERAL IS AFFECTED BY FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICES OF PRECIOUS METALS AND PRECIOUS AND SEMI-PRECIOUS STONES, WE COULD EXPERIENCE INCREASED OPERATING COSTS THAT WILL AFFECT OUR BOTTOM LINE. 
 
 The availability and prices of gold, diamonds, and other precious metals and precious and semi-precious stones may be influenced by cartels, political instability in exporting countries and inflation. 
 
 Shortages of these materials or sharp changes in their prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. A significant change in prices of key commodities, including gold, could adversely affect our business or reduce operating margins and impact consumer demand if retail prices increased significantly, even though we historically incorporate any increases in the purchase of raw materials to our consumers. Additionally, a significant disruption in our supply of gold or other commodities could decrease the production and shipping levels of our products, which may materially increase our operating costs and ultimately affect our profit margins. 
 
 BECAUSE WE DEPEND ON OUR ABILITY TO IDENTIFY AND RESPOND TO FASHION TRENDS, IF WE MISJUDGE THESE TRENDS, OUR ABILITY TO MAINTAIN AND GAIN MARKET SHARE WILL BE AFFECTED. 
 
 The jewelry industry is subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and shifting consumer demands. Accordingly, our success may depend on the priority that our target customers place on fashion and our ability to anticipate, identify, and capitalize upon emerging fashion trends. If we misjudge fashion trends or are unable to adjust our products in a 
 6 
 
 timely manner, our net sales may decline or fail to meet expectations and any excess inventory may be sold at lower prices. 
 
 OUR ABILITY TO MAINTAIN OR INCREASE OUR REVENUES COULD BE HARMED IF WE ARE UNABLE TO STRENGTHEN AND MAINTAIN OUR BRAND IMAGE. 
 
 We have spent significant amounts of time and money in branding our Bergio and Bergio Bridal lines. We believe that primary factors in determining customer buying decisions, especially in the jewelry industry, are determined by price, confidence in the merchandise and quality associated with a brand. The ability to differentiate products from competitors of the Company has been a factor in attracting consumers. However, if the Company s ability to promote its brand fails to garner brand recognition, its ability to generate revenues may suffer. If the Company fails to differentiate its products, its ability to sell its products wholesale will be adversely affected. These factors could result in lower selling prices and sales volumes, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 IF WE WERE TO EXPERIENCE SUBSTANTIAL DEFAULTS BY OUR CUSTOMERS ON ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, THIS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR LIQUIDITY AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 If customers responsible for a large amount of accounts receivable were to become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay for our products, or to make payments in a timely manner, our liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. An economic or industry downturn could materially affect the ability to collect these accounts receivable, which could then result in longer payment cycles, increased collections costs and defaults in excess of management s expectations. A significant deterioration in the ability to collect on accounts receivable could affect our cash flow and working capital position. 
 
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO INCREASE SALES OR OTHERWISE SUCCESSFULLY OPERATE OUR BUSINESS, WHICH COULD HAVE A SIGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION. 
 
 We believe that the key to our success is to increase our revenues and available cash. We may not have the resources required to promote our business and its potential benefits. If we are unable to gain market acceptance of our business, we will not be able to generate enough revenue to achieve and maintain profitability or to continue our operations. 
 
 We may not be able to increase our sales or effectively operate our business. To the extent we are unable to achieve sales growth, we may continue to incur losses. We may not be successful or make progress in the growth and operation of our business. Our current and future expense levels are based on operating plans and estimates of future sales and revenues and are subject to increase as strategies are implemented. Even if our sales grow, we may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 
 
 Further, if we substantially increase our operating expenses to increase sales and marketing, and such expenses are not subsequently followed by increased revenues, our operating performance and results would be adversely affected and, if sustained, could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent we implement cost reduction efforts to align our costs with revenue, our sales could be adversely affected. 
 
 WE MAY NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING WHICH WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, AS NEEDED, THE FUTURE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS COULD BE SEVERELY LIMITED. 
 
 A limiting factor on our growth is our limited capitalization, which could impact our ability to execute on our business plan. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of debt, this will result in increased interest expense. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of the Company held by existing shareholders will be reduced and our shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, new securities may contain rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our Common Stock. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of debt or other equity instruments, we may become subject to certain operational limitations (for example, negative operating covenants). There can be no assurance that acceptable financing necessary to further implement our business plan can be obtained on suitable terms, if at all. Our ability to develop our business, fund expansion, develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, could suffer if we are unable to raise the additional funds on acceptable terms, which would have the effect of limiting our ability to increase our revenues or possibly attain profitable operations in the future. 
 7 

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO MANAGE GROWTH, WHICH MAY IMPACT OUR POTENTIAL PROFITABILITY. 
 
 Successful implementation of our business strategy requires us to manage our growth. Growth could place an increasing strain on our management and financial resources. To manage growth effectively, we will need to: 
 
 Establish definitive business strategies, goals and objectives; 
 
 Maintain a system of management controls; and 
 
 Attract and retain qualified personnel, as well as, develop, train and manage management-level and other employees. 
 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed, and our stock price may decline. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 OUR COMMON STOCK IS CURRENTLY QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS (PINK SHEETS), WHICH MAY HAVE AN UNFAVORABLE IMPACT ON OUR STOCK PRICE AND LIQUIDITY. 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the Pink Sheets, an over-the-counter electronic quotation system maintained by the OTC Markets. The quotation of our shares on the Pink Sheets may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. 
 
 THERE IS LIMITED LIQUIDITY ON THE PINK SHEETS, WHICH ENHANCES THE VOLATILE NATURE OF OUR EQUITY. 
 
 When fewer shares of a security are being traded on the Pink Sheets, volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the ability to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock, there may be a lower likelihood that orders for shares of our common stock will be executed, and current prices may differ significantly from the price that was quoted at the time of entry of the order. 
 
 OUR COMMON STOCK IS CONSIDERED A PENNY STOCK, AND IS SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL SALE AND TRADING REGULATIONS THAT MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT TO SELL. 
 
 Our common stock is considered to be a penny stock since it does not qualify for one of the exemptions from the definition of penny stock under Section 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. Our common stock is a penny stock because it meets one or more of the following conditions (i) the stock trades at a price less than 5.00 per share; (ii) it is not traded on a recognized national exchange; (iii) it is not quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market, or even if so, has a price less than 5.00 per share; or (iv) is issued by a company that has been in business less than three years with net tangible assets less than 5 million. 
 
 The principal result or effect of being designated a penny stock is that securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations set forth in Rules 15-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. For example, Rule 15g-2 requires broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of the document at least two business days before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Moreover, Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor. 
 
 This procedure requires the broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more 
 8 
 
 difficult and time consuming for holders of our common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them in the market or otherwise. 
 
 OUR CURRENT CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SOLE DIRECTOR, MR. BERGE ABAJIAN HAS SUFFICIENT VOTING POWER TO CONTROL THE VOTE ON SUBSTANTIALLY ALL CORPORATE MATTERS. 
 
 Berge Abajian, our chief executive officer and sole director has sufficient voting power to control the vote on substantially all corporate matters. Accordingly, Mr. Abajian will be able to determine the composition of our board of directors, will retain the effective voting power to approve all matters requiring shareholder approval, will prevail in matters requiring shareholder approval, including, in particular the election and removal of directors, and will continue to have significant influence over our business. As a result of his ownership and position in the Company, Mr. Abajian is able to influence all matters requiring shareholder action, including significant corporate transactions. 
 
 TRADING OF OUR STOCK MAY BE RESTRICTED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION S PENNY STOCK REGULATIONS, WHICH MAY LIMIT A STOCKHOLDER S ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK. 
 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 
 
 WE CURRENTLY HAVE A LIMITED ACCOUNTING STAFF, AND IF WE FAIL TO DEVELOP OR MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS TIMELY AND ACCURATELY OR PREVENT FRAUD, WHICH WOULD LIKELY HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON UNITS. 
 
 We are subject to the public reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial reports, prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a publicly traded partnership. 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting and principles generally accepted in the United States, but our internal accounting controls may not meet all standards applicable to companies with publicly traded securities. Our efforts to develop and maintain our internal controls may not be successful, and we may be unable to maintain effective controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which we refer to as Section 404. For example, Section 404 requires us, among other things, to annually review and report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Based on management s evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, our management concluded that we had several material weaknesses related to our internal controls over financial reporting (See Item 9A). 
 9 
 
 THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR COMMON SHARES IS PARTICULARLY VOLATILE GIVEN OUR STATUS AS A RELATIVELY UNKNOWN COMPANY WITH A SMALL AND THINLY TRADED PUBLIC FLOAT, LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND LACK OF PROFITS WHICH COULD LEAD TO WIDE FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR SHARE PRICE. YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL YOUR COMMON SHARES AT OR ABOVE YOUR PURCHASE PRICE, WHICH MAY RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES TO YOU. 
 
 The market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to the shares of larger, more established companies that trade on a national securities exchange and have large public floats, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than the shares of such larger, more established companies for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our common shares are, compared to the shares of such larger, more established companies, sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this limited liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a larger, more established company that trades on a national securities exchange and has a large public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common shares will be at any time, including as to whether our common shares will sustain their current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common shares for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 
 
 WE WILL INCUR INCREASED COSTS AS A RESULT OF BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY, WHICH COULD AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY AND OPERATING RESULTS. 
 
 We voluntarily file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities of ours more time-consuming and costly. We expect to spend between 50,000 and 100,000 in legal and accounting expenses annually to comply with our SEC reporting obligations and Sarbanes-Oxley. These costs could affect profitability and our results of operations. 
 
 WE HAVE NOT PAID DIVIDENDS IN THE PAST AND DO NOT EXPECT TO PAY DIVIDENDS FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. ANY RETURN ON INVESTMENT MAY BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 
 
 No cash dividends have been paid on the Company s common stock. We expect that any income received from operations will be devoted to our future operations and growth. The Company does not expect to pay cash dividends in the near future. Payment of dividends would depend upon our profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as the Company s board of directors may consider relevant. If the Company does not pay dividends, the Company s common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor s investment will only occur if the Company s stock price appreciates. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Currently, we lease 200 square feet in Fairfield, NJ for our offices. The lease expired August 31, 2010 and is being renewed on a month-to-month basis. 
 
 We also lease a 1,000 square foot retail store in Closter, NJ. The initial term of the lease is for five years commencing May 1, 2014. The Company has the option extend its lease for five additional years upon giving 90 days notice. The five-year option is available up to 20 years. Rent payments are 1,200 a month for the first two years, 1,275 for the 
 10 
 
 third and fourth year, and 1,350 for the fifth year. If the Company renews its option for the second five years, the rent will begin at 1,415 and escalate to 1,665 in the fifth year. If the option is exercised for the third five-year term, rent will begin at 1,800 per month and escalate to 2,280 in the fifth year. The rent for the last five years, if the Company exercises its option, will be at the fair market value. The Company is also responsible for its proportionate share of common charges. 
 
 In June 2018, the Company entered into lease agreement Ocean Resort Casino at 500 Boardwalk in Atlantic City, NJ for approximately 1,000 square feet of retail space to open a retail store. The initial term is for five (5) years beginning November 18, 2018. Subject to certain conditions, the lease is renewable for two additional 5-year periods. Percentage rent payments will be based on 10 of gross sales at this location and will be paid monthly. The Company is also responsible for additional rent or common area charges CAM of approximately 1,100 monthly. 
 
 Through our majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, entered into an approximate three-year lease agreement on October 1, 2019, for its office facilities starting with a monthly base rent of 6,582. The base rent was subject to an annual increase as defined in the lease agreement. The Company did not renew this lease agreement in October 2022. 
 
 Additionally, we anticipate opening additional retail stores as we continue to implement our business plan throughout the United States. At the current time, our expansion plans are in the preliminary stages with no formal negotiations being conducted. Most likely no expansions will take place until additional revenues can be achieved or additional capital can be raised to help offset the costs associated with any expansion. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 a) Market Information 
 
 The Company s common stock is listed by the OTC Markets on the Pink Sheets and trades under the symbol BRGO. 
 
 In September 2019, Bergio International, Inc. filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to effectuate a 1-for-10,000 reverse stock split of the Company s common stock. All share and per share data have been adjusted to reflect such stock split. 
 
 On March 24, 2021, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation. The amendment reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 1,000,000,000 shares to 3,000,000,000 shares. On July 9, 2021, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation. The Amendment reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 3,000,000,000 shares to 6,000,000 shares. 
 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 9,000,000,000 shares to 15,000,000,000 shares. In March 2023, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 15,000,000,000 shares to 25,000,000,000 shares. 
 11 

The following table sets forth the range of the high and low bid quotations of the common stock for the past two years in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the OTC Markets. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 

0.003 

0.001 
 
 Second Quarter 

0.001 

0.001 
 
 Third Quarter 

0.001 

0.0002 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

0.0003 

0.00001 

2021 

First Quarter 

0.060 

0.005 
 
 Second Quarter 

0.034 

0.006 
 
 Third Quarter 

0.012 

0.005 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

0.007 

0.001 

b) Holders 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 55 shareholders of record of its issued and outstanding common stock and preferred stock. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees. 
 
 c) Dividends 
 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and preferred stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund development and growth of our business. Therefore, we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock and preferred stock for the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions on our present ability to pay dividends to stockholders of our common stock and preferred stock, other than those prescribed by law. 
 
 d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an incentive stock and award plan under which 1,000,000,000 shares had been reserved for issuance. The following table shows information with respect this plan as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Plan category 
 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted 
 average 
 exercise price 
 of outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans approved by shareholders 

-- 

-0- 

1,000,000,000 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans not approved by shareholders 

-- 

-0- 

-- 
 
 Total 

-- 

-0- 

1,000,000,000 

Note: Only restricted shares of common stock were issued pursuant to this plan. 
 
 2011 Incentive Stock and Award Plan 
 
 In May 2011, the board of directors (the Board of the Company adopted the 2011 Incentive Stock and Award Plan (the Plan which reserved for issuance up to 5,000 shares of its common stock. The Plan, which has a term of ten years from the date of adoption, is administered by the Board or by a committee appointed by the Board. The selection of participants, allotment of shares, and other conditions related to the grant of options, to the extent not set forth in the Plan, and are determined by the Board. 
 12 

2021 Incentive Stock and Award Plan 
 
 On July 9, 2021, the board of directors of the Company adopted the Bergio International, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the ESOP ), under which the Company may award shares of the Company s Common Stock to employees of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries. The terms of the ESOP allow the Company s Board of Directors discretion to award the Company s Common Stock, in the form of options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance award shares, to such employees, upon meeting the criteria set forth therein, from time to time. Subject to adjustments as provided in the plan, the shares of common stock that may be issued with respect to awards granted under the plan shall not exceed an aggregate of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company shall reserve such number of shares for awards under the plan, subject to adjustments as provided in the plan. The maximum number of shares of common stock under the plan that may be issued as incentive stock options shall be 100,000,000 shares. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, and under the terms of the ESOP, the Company s Board of Directors approved the future issuance of 500,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company s CEO, Berge Abajian, subject to the Company increasing its total authorized shares of common stock to 6,000,000,000 which was increased in July 2021 and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares with the SEC. In September 2022, the Company met the prerequisite related to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement. The 500,000,000 shares of common stock have not been issued to the CEO and have been recorded as common stock issuable as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have issued the following securities which were not registered under the Securities Act and not previously disclosed in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. Unless otherwise indicated, all of the share issuances described below were made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for transactions not involving a public offering: 
 
 On April 18, 2022, the Company received a notice of conversion from the holder of the 5 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converting into 135,896,517 shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Between January 2022 and February 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of 855,000 shares of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for total net proceeds of 815,000 after deducting legal and financing cost of 10,000 or approximately 0.96 per share. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of 825,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for total net proceeds of 740,000 after deducting legal and financing cost of 10,000 or approximately 0.90 per share. Additionally, the Company granted an aggregate of 750,000,000 warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of the sale of these Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of 0.0005 subject to adjustment such as stock dividends, stock splits, and dilutive issuances. Whenever on or after the date of issuance of this warrant, the Company issues or sells, or in for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the exercise price on the date of issuance (a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to the greater of: (i) the price per share received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance; and (ii) 0.00005. 
 
 Between July 2022 and August 2022, the Company received a notice of conversion from two holders in the aggregate of 245,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and related accrued dividends of 5,610 converting into 501,219,817 shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 In October 2022, the Company received a notice of conversion from two holders in the aggregate of 161,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and related accrued dividends of 3,420 converting into 822,101,233 shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 In October 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of 446,804,000 shares of Common Stock to various investors for total proceeds of 89,361 or approximately 0.0002 per share. 
 13 
 
 From January 2022 through March 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,314,342,897 shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately 0.001 as a result of the conversion of principal, accrued interest, conversion fees of 1,229,018 and incurred additional interest expense of 842,435 for a total of 2,071,453 underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 98,334,176 shares of its common stock at an average conversion price of approximately 0.002 as a result of the conversion of principal, accrued interest and conversion fees of 52,978 and incurred additional interest expense of 161,225 for a total of 214,203 underlying certain outstanding loans payable converted during such period. 
 
 From April 2022 through May 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 232,079,442 shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately 0.0004 as a result of the conversion of principal of 108,750 and accrued interest of 4,350 for a total of 113,100 underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In September 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 416,000,000 shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately 0.0002 as a result of the conversion of principal of 80,000 and accrued interest of 3,200 for a total of 83,200 underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In October 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 891,800,000 shares of its common stock as a result of the conversion of principal of 63,700 and accrued interest 7,644 on a notes payable issued on April 13, 2022 and incurred additional interest expense of 17,836 for a total of 89,180. 
 
 In July 2022, the Company issued 12,857,143 shares of its common stock to a consultant for services rendered. The Company issued 12,857,143 shares of the Company s common stock valued at approximately 0.0006 per share or 9,000, being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. 
 
 Rule 10B-18 Transactions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no repurchases of the Company s common stock by the Company. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10 (f) of Regulation S-K and therefore is not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 
 This report and other reports filed by our Company from time to time with the SEC (collectively the Filings contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, our management as well as estimates and assumptions made by our management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. 
 
 When used in the filings, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, future, intend, plan, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including those set forth in the Risk Factors on page 5. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 
 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except, as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 
 14 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 
 General 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiary. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes, and with the Critical Accounting Policies noted below. 
 
 Plan of Operation 
 
 The Bergio brand is our most important asset. The Bergio brand is associated with high-quality, handcrafted and individually designed pieces with European sensibility, Italian craftsmanship and a bold flair for the unexpected. Bergio, is one of the most coveted brands of fine jewelry. Established in 1995, Bergio s signature innovative design, coupled with extraordinary diamonds and precious stones, earned the company recognition as a highly sought-after purveyor of rare and exquisite treasures from around the globe. 
 
 When designer and PEO, Berge Abajian, creates a collection, he looks well beyond the drawing board. Berge focuses on the woman who will ultimately wear his pieces, bringing to creation a magnificent piece of jewelry that reflects the beauty and vitality a woman possesses. Bergio creations are a seamless blend of classic elegance and subtle flair, adding to a woman s charm while never overpowering her. 
 
 It is our intention to establish Bergio as a holding company for the purpose of establishing retails stores worldwide. Our branded product lines are products and/or collections designed by our designer and CEO Berge Abajian and will be the centerpiece of our retail stores. We also intend to complement our own quality-designed jewelry with other products and our own specially designed handbags. This is in line with our strategy and belief that a brand name can create an association with innovation, design and quality which helps add value to the individual products as well as facilitate the introduction of new products. 
 
 It is our intention to open elegant stores in high-end areas and provide excellent service in our stores which will be staffed with knowledgeable professionals. 
 
 We also intend to sell our products on a wholesale basis to limited customers. We have spent over 3 million in branding the Bergio name through tradeshows, trade advertising, national advertising and billboard advertising since launching the line in 1995. 
 
 In 2019 we introduced The Silver Fashion Collection ranging in price from 50 to 1,200. The Company also introduced the Bergio Handbag Collection, manufactured in Italy with top quality Italian leather ranging in price from 450 to 875, which are very competitive entry prices. 
 
 Our products consist of a wide range of unique styles and designs made from precious metals such as, gold, platinum, and Karat gold, as well as diamonds and other precious stones. We currently design and produce approximately 100 to 150 product styles. Current retail prices for our products range from 400 to 200,000. We have manufacturing control over our line as a result of having a manufacturing facility in New Jersey as well as subcontracts with facilities located in Italy. 
 15 
 
 On March 5, 2014, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary called Crown Luxe, Inc. in the State of Delaware Crown Luxe ). Crown Luxe was established to operate the Company s first retail store, which was opened in Bergen County, New Jersey in 2014. 
 
 During the fall of 2018, we opened our second retail store at the new Ocean Resort Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey. We are also contemplating the opening of new stores in the future. 
 
 On February 10, 2021, Bergio International, Inc. entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Digital Age Business, Inc., a Florida corporation, Digital Age Business ), pursuant to which the shareholders of Digital Age Business agreed to sell all of the assets and liabilities of its Aphrodite s business to a recently formed subsidiary of the Company known as Aphrodite s Marketing, Inc., a Wyoming corporation in exchange for created Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, which collectively, shall be convertible at Shareholders option, at any time, in whole or in part, into that number of shares of common stock of the Company which shall equal thirty percent (30 of the total issued and outstanding common stock of the Company (as determined at the earlier of (i) the date of conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock; and (ii) eighteen (18) months following the Closing). In addition, the Company will provide an additional 5,000,000 in financing for Aphrodite s Marketing, Inc. We own 51 of Aphrodite s Marketing, Inc. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with GearBubble, Inc., a Nevada corporation, pursuant to which the shareholders of GearBubble agreed to sell 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of GearBubble to a recently formed subsidiary of the Company known as GearBubble Tech, Inc., a Wyoming corporation in exchange for 3,162,000 (the Cash Purchase Price ), which shall be paid as follows: a) 2,000,000 (which was paid in cash at Closing), b) 1,162,000 to be paid in 15 equal installments, and c) 49,000 of the 100,000 authorized shares of the Merger Sub, such that upon the Closing, 51 of the Merger Sub shall be owned by the Company, and 49 of the Merger Sub shall be owned by the GearBubble Shareholders. We own 51 of GearBubble Tech, Inc. 
 
 The funding for these acquisitions were a combination of proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our S-1 Registration Statement and debt. 
 
 Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech have increased our online presence and provide for expansion of the Bergio Brand. Aphrodite is a one-stop shop for jewelry, gifts, and surprises for any occasion. The online stores provide for a unique gifting experience in the ecommerce space. With their technological experience in ecommerce, we expect to grow the Bergio Brand, and in conjunction with Bergio s design expertise and years of experience in the jewelry industry, we believe we can successfully grow the business. 
 
 The Company has instituted various cost saving measures to conserve cash and has worked with its debtors in an attempt to negotiate the debt terms. The Company has been also investigating various strategies to increase sales and expand its business. The Company is in negotiations with some potential partners, but, at this time, there is nothing concrete, but the Company remains positive about its prospects. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in its endeavors or that it will be able to increase its business. 
 
 Our future operations are contingent upon increasing revenues and raising capital for on-going operations and expansion of our product lines. Because we have a limited operating history, you may have difficulty evaluating our business and future prospects. 
 
 The Company s retail operations have been and continue to be affected by the recent and ongoing outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) which in March 2020, was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The ultimate disruption which may be caused by the outbreak is uncertain; however, it may result in a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, operations and cash flows. Possible areas that may be affected include, but are not limited to, disruption to the Company s customers and revenue, labor workforce, unavailability of products and supplies used in operations, and the decline in value of assets held by the Company, including property and equipment. 
 
 Results of Operations - For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Overview 
 
 Net revenues decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our retail operations have been impacted by the pandemic. We continue to evaluate our initiatives. We have expanded 
 16 
 
 our online presence and the Company continues to position itself for the future with the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech and take advantage of the Bergio brand in the E-Commerce space as well as establishing a chain of retail stores worldwide. Our branded product lines are products and/or collections designed by our designer and CEO Berge Abajian and will be the centerpiece of our retail stores. We also intend to complement our own quality-designed jewelry with other products and our own specially designed handbags. This is in line with our strategy and belief that a brand name can create an association with innovation, design and quality which helps add value to the individual products as well as facilitate the introduction of new products. It is our intention to open elegant stores in high-end areas and provide excellent service in our stores which will be staffed with knowledgeable professionals. We continue to be excited about our store in Atlantic City, NJ. Our initial store in northern New Jersey has not done as well as we had hoped and the wholesale market has also not been favorable but with the addition of our online presence it has helped the company to reach a favorable balance. 
 
 The Company continues to pursue additional financing opportunities and we have initiated measures to strengthen our financial position. As a result, we have accomplished the following: 
 
 We have converted approximately 1,379,000 including accrued interest of 77,000 of our convertible notes and loan into equity. 
 
 Raised additional funding from convertible notes, sales of our Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock. 
 
 These events have allowed us to reduce our debt and provided funding for operations. We continue to pursue other opportunities. Moreover, there is no assurance that sufficient funding will be available, or if available, that its terms will be favorable to the Company. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Percent Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Net revenues 
 
 9,677,710 
 
 10,997,988 
 
 (1,320,278) 
 (12.00) 
 
 Net revenues - related parties 
 
 139,716 
 
 - 
 
 139,716 
 100 
 
 Total net revenues 
 
 9,817,426 
 
 10,997,988 
 
 (1,180,562) 
 (10.73) 

Cost of revenues 
 
 4,622,490 
 
 4,553,047 
 
 69,443 
 1.53 

Gross profit 
 
 5,194,936 
 
 6,444,941 
 
 (1,250,005) 
 (19.40 

Gross profit as a of sales 
 
 52.91 
 
 58.60 

Net Revenues 
 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 including ret revenues related parties which amounted to 9,817,426 decreased by 1,180,562 as compared to 10,997,988. The decrease in total net revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to the decrease in revenues of our majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, as a result of the decrease in marketing and advertising expenses through social media, digital marketing, and promotional campaigns. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Cost of revenues consists primarily of the cost of the merchandise, shipping fees, credit card processing services, fulfillment cost, ecommerce sellers pay-out, costs associated with operation and maintenance of the Company s platform. Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 which amounted to 4,622,490 increased by 69,443 as compared to 4,553,047. This increase is primarily due to the acquisition of GearBubble Tech in July 2021 whereby the fiscal year 2022 current period included a full year of GearBubble Tech s cost of revenues as compared to only six months from the fiscal year 2021 prior period. 
 17 

Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit decreased by 1,250,005 to 5,194,936 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 6,444,941 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease is primarily attributable to the decrease in net revenues as discussed above. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses decreased by 360,673 to 7,563,009 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 7,923,682 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to i) decrease in selling and marketing expenses of 1,167,272 primarily attributable to decrease in advertising and marketing activities through social media, digital marketing, and promotional campaigns ii) increase professional and consulting expenses of 512,040 primarily related to increase in consulting and contractor fees related to increase operations as a result of the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech, iii) increase in compensation and related taxes of 210,526 primarily related to the increase in number of employees as a result of the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech. Additionally, the Company approved a bonus of 100,000 and recognized stock based compensation of 150,000 to our CEO for the year ended December 31, 2022 and iv) increase in general and administrative expenses of 84,033 primarily attributable to increase in amortization expense, insurance, and office expenses . The overall increase in operating expenses reflect the increase in business operations as a result of the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech. 
 
 Loss from Operations 
 
 As a result of the above, we had a loss from operation of 2,368,073 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a loss from operations of 1,478,741 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other Expenses, net 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had other expenses, net of 889,535 as compared to other expenses, net of 2,083,444 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,193,909 in other expense. The decrease in other expense is primarily attributed to the decrease in amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost of 1,424,034, increase in change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 233,268, decrease in derivative expense of 317,198, decrease in fraud loss caused by computer hackers of 219,174, offset by decrease in gain from extinguishment of debt of 225,352 and increase in interest expense of 740,616 from note conversions. 
 
 Net Loss Attributable to Bergio International, Inc. 
 
 As a result of the above, we had net loss attributable to Bergio International, Inc. 2,269,691 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,638,556 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table summarizes total current assets, liabilities and working capital at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 
 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Current Assets 

3,440,464 

4,384,185 

(943,721) 

Current Liabilities 

4,254,005 

6,748,062 

(2,494,057) 

Working Capital 

(813,541) 

(2,363,877) 

1,550,336 

Our working capital deficit was 813,541 at December 31, 2022 as compared to working capital of 2,363,877 at December 31, 2021. This decrease in working capital deficit is primarily attributed to the decrease in liabilities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net decrease in cash of (628,947). The Company s principal sources and uses of funds were as follows: 
 18 
 
 Cash used in operating activities. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used 1,920,719 in cash for operations as compared to 2,179,237 in cash used for operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in cash used in operations is primarily attributed to net loss of 2,269,691, amortization expense of 241,956, depreciation of 40,252, non-cash interest upon conversion of debt of 1,043,496, amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost of 544,763, stock based compensation of 213,674, offset by non-controlling interest of 987,917, change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 627,696, gain from extinguishment of debt 405,700, and increase in changes in operating assets and liabilities of 324,933 primarily attributable to increase in accounts receivable of 68,607, increase in accrued compensation CEO of 319,640, decrease in inventory of 350,522, decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 51,393, and decrease in deferred compensation CEO 346,163. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company used 2,179,237 in cash for operations. This increase in cash used in operations is primarily attributed to increase in net loss, increase in depreciation and amortization expense of 237,879, increase in amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost of 1,732,163, increase in derivative expense of 227,619, increase in change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 80,347, increase in inventory of 943,477, increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 338,343 offset by non-controlling interest of 923,629, increase in gain from extinguishment of debt 594,776, decrease in accounts receivable of 48,931, decrease in prepaid expenses of 362,111, and decrease deferred compensation of 99,408. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company used 886,209 in cash for investing activities as a result of cash paid for the acquisition of GearBubble Tech for 2,000,000 and purchases of property and equipment of 47,685 offset by cash acquired from the acquisition of GearBubble Tech of 1,161,476 as compared to 0 of cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Cash provided financing activities. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,291,772 as compared to 4,088,560 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily the result of net proceeds received from convertible notes of 201,250, sale of preferred stock of 1,555,000, sale of common stock of 89,361, proceeds from loans and advances of 1,213,650, proceeds from a note of 110,000 offset by repayments of loans payable of 1,211,601, repayment of secured notes of 400,000, and repayment of note of 272,884. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4,088,560. This increase is primarily the result of net proceeds received from convertible notes of 1,890,000, sale of common stock of 3,768,730, proceeds from loans and note payable of 1,196,547 offset partially by repayments of loans and notes payable of 2,108,520, repayment of debt of 567,403 and repayment of convertible debt of 30,000. 
 
 Our indebtedness is comprised of various convertible debt, notes payable, loans payable, and advances from a stockholder/officer intended to provide capital for the ongoing manufacturing of our jewelry line, in advance of receipt of the payment from our retail distributors. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 From time to time the Company enters into certain financing agreements for convertible notes. For the most part, the Company settles these obligations with the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, principal amounts under the convertible notes payable was 79,250, net of debt discount of 59,926. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 The Company has total notes payable of 702,504 classified as current portion and total notes payable long term portion of 259,496 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loans and Advances Payable 
 
 The Company has loans payable and accrued interest of 1,072,089 at December 31, 2022. 
 19 
 
 Satisfaction of Our Cash Obligations for the Next 12 Months 
 
 A critical component of our operating plan impacting our continued existence is to efficiently manage our retail operations and successfully develop new lines through our Company or through possible acquisitions and/or mergers as well as opening new retail stores. Our ability to obtain capital through additional equity and/or debt financing, and joint venture partnerships will also be important to our expansion plans. In the event we experience any significant problems assimilating acquired assets into our operations or cannot obtain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan, we may have to reduce the growth of our operations. This may materially impact our ability to increase revenue and continue our growth. 
 
 The Company has suffered recurring losses and has an accumulated deficit of approximately 19.6 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 79,250 in principal amounts of convertible notes, notes payable (current and long-term portion) of 962,000 and 1,072,089 in loans and advances payable. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn, is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise capital and/or generate positive cash flows from operations. 
 
 It is our intention to establish Bergio as a holding company for the purpose of establishing retails stores worldwide. Our branded product lines are products and/or collections designed by our designer and CEO Berge Abajian and will be the centerpiece of our retail stores. We also intend to complement our own quality-designed jewelry with other products and our own specially-designed handbags. This is in line with our strategy and belief that a brand name can create an association with innovation, design and quality which helps add value to the individual products as well as facilitate the introduction of new products. It is our intention to open elegant stores in high-end areas and provide excellent service in our stores which will be staffed with knowledgeable professionals. The Company has also increased its online presence to minimize the impact of having to close its retail stores as well as directing efforts towards its wholesale operations. The acquired majority owned subsidiaries, Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech, of which Bergio owns 51 will increase our online presence and provide the opportunity for future growth. 
 
 These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 We are not anticipating significant research and development expenditures in the near future. 
 
 Expected Purchase or Sale of Plant and Significant Equipment 
 
 We do not anticipate the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment; as such items are not required by us at this time. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In preparing the financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances, the Company applies its accounting policies as disclosed in Note 3 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s accounting policies that require a higher degree of judgment and complexity used in the preparation of financial statements include: 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company applies ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). ASC 606 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition guidance. This standard requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and also requires certain additional disclosures. ASC 606 requires us to identify distinct performance obligations. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. When distinct performance obligations exist, the Company allocates the contract transaction price to each distinct performance obligation. The standalone selling price, or our 
 20 
 
 best estimate of standalone selling price, is used to allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations. The Company recognizes revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Also, significant judgment may be required to determine the allocation of transaction price to each distinct performance obligation. 
 
 Generally, revenues are recognized at the time of shipment to the customer with the price being fixed and determinable and collectability assured, provided title and risk of loss is transferred to the customer. Provisions, when appropriate, are made where the right to return exists. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are classified as sales, and the shipping and handling costs incurred are included in cost of sales. 
 
 The Company s subsidiary, GearBubble Tech, recognizes revenue from three sources: (1) e-commerce revenue (2) platform subscription fees and (3) partner and services revenue. 
 
 Revenues are recognized when the merchandise is shipped to the customer and title is transferred and are recorded net of any returns, and discounts or allowances. Shipping cost paid by customers are primarily for ecommerce sales and are included in revenue. Merchandise sales are fulfilled with inventory sourced through our suppliers. Therefore, the Company s contracts have a single performance obligation (shipment of product). 
 
 The Company evaluates the criteria outlined in ASC 606-10-55, Principal versus Agent Considerations, in determining whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of merchandise sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. The Company evaluates whether it is appropriate to recognize revenue on a gross or net basis based upon its evaluation of whether the Company obtains control of the specified goods by considering if it is primarily responsible for fulfillment of the promise, has inventory risk, and has the latitude in establishing pricing and selecting suppliers, among other factors. The ecommerce sellers have no further obligation to the customer after the promised goods are transferred to the customer. Based on its evaluation of these factors, we have determined we are the principal in these arrangements. Through our suppliers, we have the ability to control the promised goods and as a result, the Company records ecommerce sales on a gross basis. 
 
 The Company refunds the full cost of the merchandise returned and all original shipping charges if the returned item is defective or we or our partners have made an error, such as shipping the wrong product. If the return is not a result of a product defect or a fulfillment error and the customer initiate a return of an unopened item within 30 days of delivery, for most products we refund the full cost of the merchandise minus the original shipping charge and actual return shipping fees. If our customer returns an item that has been opened or shows signs of wear, the Company issues a partial refund minus the original shipping charge and actual return shipping fees. 
 
 The Company generally recognizes platform subscription fees in the month they are earned. Annual subscription payments received that are related to future periods are recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized as revenues over the contract term or period. 
 
 Partner and services revenue is derived from: (1) partner marketing and promotion, and (2) non-recurring professional services. Revenue from partner marketing and promotion and non-recurring professional services is recognized as the service is performed. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 The Company applies ASC 720 Other Expenses to account for marketing costs. Pursuant to ASC 720-35-25-1, the Company expenses marketing costs as incurred. Marketing costs include advertising and related expenses for third party personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions, and third-party e-commerce platform fees and selling fees. The Company directs its customers to the Company s ecommerce platform through social media, digital marketing, and promotional campaigns. Marketing costs are included in selling and marketing expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 FASB ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement 
 21 
 
 date. FASB ASC 820 requires disclosures about the fair value of all financial instruments, whether or not recognized, for financial statement purposes. Disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments are based on pertinent information available to the Company on December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the estimates presented in these financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized on disposition of the financial instruments. FASB ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). 
 
 The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 
 Level 1: Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 
 
 Level 2: Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 
 Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. 
 
 The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, and deferred compensation approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 
 
 Derivative Liabilities 
 
 The Company has certain financial instruments that are embedded derivatives associated with capital raises and acquisition (see Note 13). The Company evaluates all its financial instruments to determine if those contracts or any potential embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with ASC 815-10 Derivative and Hedging Contract in Entity s Own Equity. This accounting treatment requires that the carrying amount of any derivatives be recorded at fair value at issuance and marked-to-market at each balance sheet date. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, as is the case with the Company, the change in the fair value during the period is recorded as either other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or repayment, the respective derivative liability is marked to fair value at the conversion, repayment, or exercise date and then the related fair value amount is reclassified to other income or expense as part of gain or loss on debt extinguishment. 
 
 In July 2017, FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features. These amendments simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with down-round features. The amendments require companies to disregard the down-round feature when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to its own stock, for purposes of determining liability or equity classification. For public business entities, the amendments in Part I of the ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company is not party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that may affect its financial position or its results of operations. 
 
 Recently Adopted Authoritative Pronouncements 
 
 Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. The Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to its financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 
 22 
 
 No other recently issued accounting pronouncements had or are expected to have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 We do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The financial statements and the reports of our independent registered public accounting firm required pursuant to this Item are included in Item 15 of this report and are presented beginning on page F-1. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 There are no reportable events under this item for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our Principal Executive Officer PEO and Principal Financial Officer PFO ), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide a reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Management designed the disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our PEO and PFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, the PEO and PFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 
 
 b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). A system of internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, the Company s management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and the interpretive guidance issued by the Commission in Release No. 34-55929. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management has evaluated and concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022, and identified the following material weaknesses: 
 
 there is a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of GAAP and the financial reporting requirements of the SEC. 
 
 there are insufficient written policies and procedures to insure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 
 
 there is a lack of segregation of duties, in that we only had one person performing all accounting-related duties. 
 23 

Notwithstanding the existence of these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, our management believes that the financial statements included in its reports fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 
 The Company will continue its assessment on a quarterly basis. We plan to hire personnel and resources to address these material weaknesses. We believe these issues can be solved with hiring accounting support and plan to do so as soon as we have funds available for this. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The Company s registered public accounting firm was not required to issue an attestation on its internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls and procedures on an on-going basis. 
 
 c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following table and text sets forth the names and ages of all our directors and executive officers and our key management personnel as of March 30, 2023. All of our directors serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board, and are elected or appointed to serve until the next meeting of the Board following the annual meeting of stockholders. Also provided is a brief description of the business experience of each director and executive officer and the key management personnel during the past five years and an indication of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities laws. 
 
 Name (age) 
 
 Position 
 
 Year First Elected a Director 
 
 Berge Abajian (63) 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 2007 

Background of Directors and Officers 
 
 Berge Abajian became the Chief Executive Officer of Bergio International in October 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Abajian served as CEO of the Diamond Information Institute, the predecessor company to Bergio, from 1988 to October 2009. Mr. Abajian has a BS in Business Administration from Fairleigh Dickinson University and is well known and respected in the jewelry industry. Since 2005, Mr. Abajian has served as the President of the East Coast branch of the Armenian Jewelry Association and has also served as a Board Member on MJSA (Manufacturing Jewelers and Suppliers of America), New York Jewelry Association, and the 2001-2002 Luxury Show. 
 24 

Term of Office 
 
 Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board, except to the extent governed by an employment agreement. 
 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 To the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to our present or former director, executive officer, or employee: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 
 
 Meetings of Our Board of Directors 
 
 Our Board did not hold any meetings during the most recently completed fiscal year end. Various matters were approved by written consent, which in each case was executed by the Board. 
 
 Committees of the Board 
 
 We do not currently have a compensation committee, nominating committee, or stock plan committee. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 We do not have a separately designated standing audit committee. The entire Board performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the actions of the Board when performing the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The Board approves the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the Board reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results, considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 
 Our Board does not maintain a nominating committee. As a result, no written charter governs the director nomination process. Our size and the size of our Board, at this time, do not require a separate nominating committee. 
 
 When evaluating director nominees, our directors consider the following factors: 
 
 the appropriate size of our board of directors; 
 
 our needs with respect to the particular talents and experience of our directors; 
 
 the knowledge, skills and experience of nominees, including experience in finance, administration or public service, in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge, skills and experience already possessed by other members of the Board; 
 
 experience in political affairs; 
 
 experience with accounting rules and practices; and 
 25 
 
 the desire to balance the benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspective provided by new Board members. 
 
 Our goal is to assemble a Board that brings together a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality business and professional experience. 
 
 Other than the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although the Board may also consider such other factors as it may deem are in our best interests as well as our stockholders. In addition, the Board identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Board willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination. If any member of the Board does not wish to continue in service or if the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election, the Board then identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the Board are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the criteria described above. The Board may also engage in research to identify qualified individuals. To date, we have not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees, although we reserve the right in the future to retain a third-party search firm, if necessary. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 
 
 Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were timely. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We do not currently have a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Controller, or persons performing similar functions. Because we have only limited business operations and four officers and directors, we believe a code of ethics would have limited utility. We intend to adopt such a code of ethics as our business operations expand and we have more directors, officers and employees. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The following is a discussion of our program for compensating our named executive officers and directors. Currently, we do not have a compensation committee, and as such, our board of directors is responsible for determining the compensation of our named executive officers. 
 
 Compensation Program Objectives and Philosophy 
 
 The primary goals of our policy of executive compensation are to attract and retain the most talented and dedicated executives possible, to assure that our executives are compensated effectively in a manner consistent with our strategy and competitive practice and to align executive compensation with the achievement of our short- and long-term business objectives. 
 
 The Board considers a variety of factors in determining compensation of executives, including their particular background and circumstances, such as their training and prior relevant work experience, their success in attracting and retaining savvy and technically proficient managers and employees, increasing our revenues, broadening our product line offerings, managing our costs and otherwise helping to lead our Company through a period of rapid growth. 
 
 In the near future, we expect that our Board will form a compensation committee charged with the oversight of executive compensation plans, policies and programs of our Company and with the full authority to determine and 
 26 
 
 approve the compensation of our chief executive officer and make recommendations with respect to the compensation of our other executive officers. We expect that our compensation committee will continue to follow the general approach to executive compensation that we have followed to date, rewarding superior individual and company performance with commensurate compensation. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 Effective February 28, 2010, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its CEO. The agreement, which is for a five-year term, provided for an initial base salary of 175,000 per year with a 3 annual increase thereafter (the Base Salary ). The CEO is also entitled to certain bonuses based on net profits before taxes and other customary benefits, as defined in the agreement. In addition, since it is understood that the Company is employing the CEO during a time of economic decline throughout the U.S. and at times and from time to time, the Company may not be in a position to pay the full amount of Base Salary owed the CEO it is understood and agreed to by the Board, that as long as the Company is unable to pay the CEO the full amount of his Base Salary that the Board shall issue to him, from time to time, an amount of shares that will allow him to remain in possession of fifty-one percent (51 of the Company s then outstanding shares of common stock. Such issuances shall be made to the CEO at any time when his total share holdings are reduced to an amount less than fifty-one percent (51 as a result of issuance of shares of common stock made on behalf of the Company. Effective September 1, 2011, the Company authorized and issued 51 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company authorized and issued an additional 24 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO in connection with the amended and restated certificate of designation for the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement Amended Employment Agreement with the CEO of the Company, Berge Abajian (the Executive ). The term of the Amended Employment Agreement shall be for 5 years and shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 1 year unless terminated by the Company or the Executive. The Executive shall receive a base salary of 250,000 per year and such base salary shall automatically increase in a rate of 3 per annum for each consecutive year after 2021 or at such rates as may be approved by the board of directors of the Company. Upon written request of the Executive, the Company shall pay all or a portion of the base salary owed to Executive in the form of i) a convertible promissory note, or ii) the Company s common stock or if available, S-8 common stock. Additionally, the Executive is eligible to receive quarterly bonus at the discretion of the board of directors of the Company. Additionally, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, and under the terms of the ESOP, the Company s Board of Directors approved the future issuance of 500,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company s CEO, Berge Abajian, subject to the Company increasing its total authorized shares of common stock to 6,000,000,000 which was increased in July 2021 and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares with the SEC. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not meet the prerequisite related to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement. In September 2022, the Company has met the prerequisite related to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of 150,000 or 0.0003 per share. The 500,000,000 shares of common stock have not been issued to the CEO and have been recorded as common stock issuable as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 
 Currently, we do not provide any Company sponsored retirement benefits to any employee, including the named executive officers. 
 
 Perquisites 
 
 We have historically provided only modest perquisites to our named executive officers. We do not view perquisites as a significant element of our compensation structure, but do believe that perquisites can be useful in attracting, motivating and retaining the executive talent for which we compete. It is expected that our historical practices regarding perquisites will continue and will be subject to periodic review by our by our board of directors. 

27 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table presents information regarding compensation of our principal executive officer, and the two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer for services rendered during years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) (1)(2) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) (3) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) (4) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 (5) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Berge Abajian 
 
 2022 

245,500 

100,000 

150,000 

41,411 

536,911 
 
 CEO and Chairman 
 
 2021 

200,000 

- 

- 

19,079 

219,079 

(1) The amounts shown in this column represent the dollar value of base salary earned by each named executive officer NEO ). 
 
 (2) On January 1, 2019, the CEO amended his employment agreement with the Company for a term of one year expiring December 31, 2019. The agreement primarily retains the terms of the Amended Agreement, but lowers the compensation to 100,000 for the year. Effective July 1, 2019, the Principal Executive Officer agreed to stop deferral of his salary at least through December 31, 2019 as a result of the financial situation of the Company. The CEO deferred his salary until July 2021. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement with the CEO of the Company, Berge Abajian (the Executive ). The term of the Amended Employment Agreement shall be for 5 years and shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 1 year unless terminated by the Company or the Executive. The Executive shall receive a base salary of 250,000 per year and such base salary shall automatically increase in a rate of 3 per annum for each consecutive year after 2021 or at such rates as may be approved by the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 (3) No bonus compensation was made to the NEO s in 2021. In April 2022, the Board approve a bonus of 100,000 to the NEO as per his Amended Employment Agreement. The Company has not paid the bonus compensation of 100,000 as of December 31, 2022 and has been recorded as accrued bonus compensation. 
 
 (4) In July 2021, under the terms of the ESOP, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the future issuance of 500,000,000 shares to the Company s CEO subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares to 6,000,000,000 shares and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of 150,000 or 0.0003 per share. The 500,000,000 shares of common stock have not been issued to the CEO and have been recorded as common stock issuable as of December 31, 2022. There were no options granted to NEO during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (5) Other compensation was made up of Mr. Abajian s car expense and health insurance expenses. 
 
 Incentive Stock and Award Plan 
 
 On May 9, 2011, the Company s Board approved, authorized and adopted the 2011 Incentive Stock and Award Plan (the Plan ). The Plan was amended on October 11, 2012. Subject to adjustment for mergers, reorganizations, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend or other change in corporate structure, a total of 35,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share is subject to the Plan. Under the Plan, the Company may grant non-qualified options (the Non-qualified Options ), incentive options (the Incentive Options and together with the Non-qualified Options, the Options and restricted stock (the Restricted Stock to directors, officers, consultants, attorneys, advisors and employees. Subject to a tax exception, if any Option or Restricted Stock expires or is canceled prior to its exercise or vesting in full, the shares of common stock issuable under the Option or Restricted Stock may be issuable pursuant to future Options or Restricted Stock under the Plan. 
 
 The Plan shall be administered by a committee consisting of one (1) director (the Committee ). In the absence of such a Committee, the Company s Board shall administer the Plan. 
 
 Each Option shall contain the following material terms: 
 28 
 
 (i) the exercise price, which shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant, shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (defined as the closing price on the final trading day immediately prior to the grant on the principal exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted, as applicable) of the Common Stock of the Company on the date the Option is granted, provided that if the recipient of the Option owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of the Company, the exercise price shall be at least 110 of the Fair Market Value; 
 
 (ii) the term of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee, provided that such Option shall not be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date such Option is granted, and provided further that with respect to an Incentive Option, if the recipient owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of the Company, the Incentive Stock Option shall not be exercisable more than five (5) years after the date such Incentive Option is granted; 
 
 (iii) subject to acceleration in the event of a Change of Control of the Company (as further described in the Plan), the period during which the Options vest shall be designated by the Committee or, in the absence of any Option vesting periods designated by the Committee at the time of grant, shall vest and become exercisable in equal amounts on each fiscal year of the Company through the five (5) year anniversary of the date on which the Option was granted; 
 
 (iv) no Option is transferable and each is exercisable only by the recipient of such Option except in the event of the death of the recipient; and 
 
 (v) with respect to Incentive Stock Options, the aggregate Fair Market Value of Common Stock that may be issued for the first time during any calendar year shall not exceed 100,000. 
 
 Each award of Restricted Stock is subject to the following material terms: 
 
 (i) no rights to an award of Restricted Stock is granted to the intended recipient of Restricted Stock unless and until the grant of Restricted Stock is accepted within the period prescribed by the Committee; 
 
 (ii) Restricted Stock shall not be delivered until they are free of any restrictions specified by the Committee at the time of grant; 
 
 (iii) shares of Restricted Stock are forfeitable until the terms of the Restricted Stock grant have been satisfied; and 
 
 (iv) the Restricted Stock are not transferable until the date on which the Committee has specified such restrictions have lapsed. 
 
 2021 Incentive Stock and Award Plan 
 
 On July 9, 2021, the board of directors of the Company adopted the Bergio International, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the ESOP ), under which the Company may award shares of the Company s Common Stock to employees of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries. The terms of the ESOP allow the Company s Board of Directors discretion to award the Company s Common Stock, in the form of options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance award shares, to such employees, upon meeting the criteria set forth therein, from time to time. Subject to adjustments as provided in the plan, the shares of common stock that may be issued with respect to awards granted under the plan shall not exceed an aggregate of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company shall reserve such number of shares for awards under the plan, subject to adjustments as provided in the plan. The maximum number of shares of common stock under the plan that may be issued as incentive stock options shall be 100,000,000 shares. 
 
 Stock Option Grants 
 
 We have not granted any stock options to the executive officers or directors since the adoption of the Plan. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 We do not currently pay any cash fees or expenses to our sole director for serving on the Board. 
 29 

Compensation Policy 
 
 The Company does not believe that its compensation policies are reasonably likely to increase corporate risk or have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information known to the Company with respect to the beneficial ownership as of March 30, 2023, by (i) all persons who are beneficial owners of five percent (5 or more of the Company s common stock, (ii) each director and nominee, (iii) the executive officers, and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 
 
 Name and Address (1) 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Percentage 
 of Class (2) 
 
 Named Directors and Officers 

Berge Abajian, Chairman and CEO (3) 

7 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (1 person) 

7 

Less than 0.1 . 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed above is c/o Bergio International, Inc., 12 Daniel Road East, Fairfield, NJ 07007. 
 
 (2) Based on a total of 6,158,480,262 shares of common stock outstanding on March 30, 2023. 
 
 (3) Mr. Abajian also owns 75 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Issuances under the Compensation Plan 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding compensation plans under which options to purchase securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. 
 
 Plan category 
 
 Number of 
 securities 
 to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options 
 
 Weighted 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options 
 
 Number of 
 options 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans approved by shareholders 

-- 

-0- 

100,000,000 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans not approved by shareholders 

-- 

-0- 

-- 
 
 Total 

-- 

-0- 

100,000,000 

Note: The table above refers to incentive stock options for the purchase of common stock under the Bergio International, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). There are a total of 1,000,000,000 shares issuable under the Plan, of which 100,000,000 are available for issuance as incentive stock options. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, and under the terms of the ESOP, the Company s Board of Directors approved the future issuance of 500,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company s CEO, Berge Abajian, subject to the Company increasing its total authorized shares of common stock to 6,000,000,000 which was increased in July 2021 and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares with the SEC. In September 2022, the Company has met the prerequisite related to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement. The 500,000,000 shares of common stock have not been issued to the CEO and have been recorded as common stock issuable as of December 31, 2022. 
 30 

No options or shares were issued under the Plan for the year ending December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Control 
 
 We are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The Company receives periodic advances from the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO based upon the Company s cash flow needs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 142,854 and 145,347 (fiscal 2021 was primarily consisted of accrued interest) was due to such officer, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the CEO provided advances to the Company for working capital purposes of 190,000 and the Company repaid 192,493 of these advances. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 The common stock of the Company is currently quoted on the OTC Markets, a quotation system which currently does not have director independence requirements. On an annual basis, each director and executive officer will be obligated to disclose any transactions with the Company in which a director or executive officer, or any member of his or her immediate family, have a direct or indirect material interest in accordance with Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K. Following completion of these disclosures, the Board will make an annual determination as to the independence of each director using the current standards for independence that satisfy the criteria for the NASDAQ. 
 
 At this time, the Company does not have any independent directors. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The following table presents the aggregate fees for professional audit services and other services rendered our independent registered public accountants, BF Borgers CPA PC for audits and reviews performed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 

115,500 

124,600 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

- 

- 
 
 Total Audit and Audit-Related Fees 

115,500 

124,600 
 
 Tax Fees 

- 

- 
 
 All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

115,500 

124,600 

Audit Fees . This category includes the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements, and reviews of the financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. It also includes advice on accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and services which are normally provided in connection with regulatory filings, or in an auditing engagement. 
 
 Audit Related Fees, tax and other fees . No other fees under these categories were paid in 2022 and 2021. 

31 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 a.) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated October 19, 2009, by and between Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. and Diamond Information Institute, Inc. (as filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 21, 2009) 

2.2 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 20, 2009, by and among Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc., Owen Gibson, individually, Joan Gibson, individually, Darcy Brann, individually, Duane Schaffer, individually, Lindsay Devine, individually, and Dennis Rodowitz, individually (as filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 21, 2009) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on April 23, 2008) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 22, 2009) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws, as amended (as filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on April 23, 2008) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Bergio International Inc. Series A Preferred Stock, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 2, 2011 (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 8, 2011) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 29, 2012 (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2012) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 14, 2014 (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2014) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 26, 2014 (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2014) 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 3, 2014 (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 8, 2014) 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 14, 2014 (as filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 16, 2014) 

10.1 
 
 Order Approving Stipulation for Settlement of Claim, dated February 4, 2010 (as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2010) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2011, by and between Bergio International Inc. and Berge Abajian, individually (as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 8, 2011) 

10.3 
 
 Bergio International, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive and Reward Plan (as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2011). 

32 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.4 
 
 Committed Equity Facility Agreement, dated December 23, 2011, by and between Bergio International Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (as filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2012) 

10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 23, 2011, by and between Bergio International Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (as filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2012) 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Committed Equity Facility Agreement, dated October 18, 2012, by and between Bergio International Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2012) 

10.7 
 
 8 Convertible Note with KBM Worldwide, Inc, dated February 4, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.8 
 
 8 Convertible Note with Vis Vires Group, Inc., dated March 11, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.9 
 
 8 Convertible Note with Vis Vires Group, Inc., dated April 30, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.10 
 
 8 Convertible Note with LG Capital Funding, LLC, dated May 4, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with KBM Worldwide, Inc., dated February 4, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Vis Vires Group, Inc., dated March 11, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Vis Vires Group, Inc., dated April 30, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with LG Capital Funding, LLC, dated May 4, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015) 

10.15 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, 10 Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note, Warrant, Security Agreement, Guaranty, and Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 11, 2021 (as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Bergio International, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (as filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021). 

33 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 

31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Accounting Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 

32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL 

Filed herewith 

34 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Berge Abajian 

Berge Abajian 

CEO and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated and by signature hereto. 
 
 Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Berge Abajian 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Berge Abajian 

35 

Bergio International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Contents 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 5041) 
 F-1 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

36 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the shareholders and the board of directors of Bergio International, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bergio International, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 
 
 We determined that there are no critical audit matter 
 
 /s/ (PCAOB ID 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 F-1 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 
 December 31, 
 2021 

ASSETS: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Bank overdraft 

Accrued compensation - CEO 

Secured notes payable, net of debt discount 

Notes payable - current portion, net of debt discount 

Convertible notes payable, net of debt discount 

Loans and advances payable including accrued interest 

Deferred compensation - CEO 

Advances from CEO and accrued interest 

Derivative liability - convertible debt 

Derivative liability - acquisition 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable - long-term 

Operating lease liabilities - long-term 

Total long term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 - CONTINUED - 

December 31, 
 2022 
 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock shares authorized 
 Series A preferred stock - par value, shares 
 authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Convertible Series B preferred stock - par value, shares 
 authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 

Convertible Series C preferred stock - par value, shares 
 authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 

Convertible Series D preferred stock - par value, shares 
 authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock issuable and shares as of 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Treasury stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

) 

) 
 
 Total Bergio International, Inc. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries 

) 

) 

Total Stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net revenues 

Net revenues - related parties 

Total net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 

Professional and consulting expenses 

Compensation and related expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

) 

) 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

) 

) 
 
 Derivative expense 

) 

) 
 
 Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost 

) 

) 
 
 Loss from foreign currency transactions 

) 

) 
 
 Fraud loss caused by computer hackers 

) 

) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Interest income 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Other income 

Gain from extinguishment of debt, net 

Total other expenses, net 

) 

) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

) 

) 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

) 

) 

Losses attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Bergio International, Inc. 

) 

) 

Deemed dividend 

) 

Net loss available to Bergio International, Inc. 
 common stockholders 

) 

) 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic and diluted 

) 

) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock Issuable 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Capital 
 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 
 Non-controlling 
 Interest 
 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

) 

) 

Series D preferred stock issued 
 for cash, net of offering cost 

Deemed dividend upon issuance 
 of Series D preferred stock 

) 

Issuance of common stock 
 for conversion of Series C 
 preferred stock 

) 

) 

Reclassification of derivative 
 liability to equity upon conversion 
 of Series C preferred stock 

Common stock issued for cash 

Issuance of common stock 
 for debt conversion including 
 accrued interest and fees 

Issuance of common stock 
 for common stock issuable 

) 

) 

Issuance of common stock 
 for conversion of Series D 
 preferred stock and accrued 
 dividends 

) 

) 

) 

Common stock issuable for 
 services to CEO 

Common stock issued for services 

Cashless exercise of stock warrants 

) 

Accretion of stock-based 
 compensation for services 

Dividends on preferred stock 

) 

) 
 
 Cancellation of treasury stock 

) 

Net loss 

) 

) 

) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

) 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock Issuable 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Capital 
 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 
 Non-controlling 
 Interest 
 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

) 

) 

Preferred stock issued to CEO 

Common stock issued for cash 

Issuance of common stock 
 for debt conversion including 
 accrued interest and fees 

Common stock issued for services 

Value of preferred stock at 
 issuance associated with the 
 acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing 

Common stock warrants granted 
 in connection with the issuance of 
 convertible notes 

Beneficial conversion feature in 
 connection with the issuance of 
 convertible notes 

Common stock warrants granted 
 in connection with the issuance 
 of secured notes payable 

Proceeds from grants 

Dividends on preferred stock 

) 

) 
 
 Non-controlling interest upon 
 acquisition of GearBubble and 
 Aphrodite s Marketing 

Net loss 

) 

) 

) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

) 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss attributable to Bergio International, Inc. 

) 

) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries 

) 

) 
 
 Amortization expense 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs 

Derivative expense 

Forgiveness of debt 

) 
 
 Gain from settlement of loan included in other income 

) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

) 

) 
 
 Gain from extinguishment of debt 

) 

) 
 
 Non-cash interest upon conversion of debt 

Amortization of right of use assets 

) 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

) 

Inventory 

) 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

) 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

) 

Bank overdraft 

Accrued compensation - CEO 

Operating lease obligations 

) 
 
 Deferred compensation - CEO 

) 

) 
 
 NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

) 

) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash acquired from the acquisition of GearBubble 

Cash paid upon acquisition of GearBubble 

) 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 

) 
 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from sale of preferred stock, net of offering cost 

Proceeds from government grant 

Proceeds from note payable 

Proceeds from loans and advances payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes, net of debt issuance cost 

Proceeds from secured note payable 

Repayment on convertible debt 

) 
 
 Repayment on note payable 

) 

) 
 
 Repayment on loans payable 

) 

) 
 
 Repayment on debt 

) 
 
 Repayment on secured notes payable 

) 

) 
 
 Advance from (payments to) Chief Executive Officer, net 

) 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

) 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 - CONTINUED - 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock issued for convertible debt, loans payable, and accrued interest 

Deemed dividend upon issuance of Series D preferred stock 

Debt discount in connection with the issuance of stock warrants 

Initial amount of ROU asset and related liability 

Initial derivative liability recorded in connection with convertible notes payable 

Initial derivative liability recorded in connection with acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing related to the issuance of Series B preferred stock 

Initial derivative liability recorded due to commission fees for the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing related to the issuance of Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock issued for the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing 

Non-controlling interest upon acquisition of GearBubble 

Reclassification of derivative liability to equity upon conversion of Series C preferred stock 

Net liability assumed in acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

) 
 
 Loans payable 

) 
 
 Note payable - long term 

) 
 
 Net liability assumed 

) 

Net assets assumed in acquisition of GearBubble: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

) 
 
 Net assets assumed 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 of Aphrodite s Marketing. 
 
 On July 1, 2021 Closing ), the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with GearBubble, Inc., a Nevada corporation, GearBubble ), pursuant to which the shareholders of GearBubble (the Equity Recipients agreed to sell of the issued and outstanding shares of GearBubble to a subsidiary of the Company known as GearBubble Tech, Inc. GearBubble Tech ), a Wyoming corporation in exchange for (the Cash Purchase Price ), which shall be paid as follows: . The Company owns 51 of GearBubble Tech. 
 
 On March 24, 2021, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation. The amendment reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 1,000,000,000 shares to shares. On July 9, 2021, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation. The amendment reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 3,000,000,000 shares to shares. On April 28, 2022, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 6,000,000,000 shares to shares. 
 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 9,000,000,000 shares to shares. In March 2023, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 15,000,000,000 shares to shares. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), the instructions to Form 10-K, and the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC for financial information, which includes the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. It is management s opinion that all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been made, which are necessary for a fair financial statement presentation. 
 F-9 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 interest in Aphrodite s Marketing. Additionally, on July 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement with GearBubble which resulted to the acquisition of interest in the Merger Sub, GearBubble Tech. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a non-controlling interest balance of ) and ), respectively, in connection with the majority-owned subsidiaries, Aphrodite s Marketing and GearBubble Tech as reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and losses attributable to non-controlling interest of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately million and working capital deficit of at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional capital pursuant to debt or equity financings. The Company may seek to raise additional capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund its operations in the future; however, no 
 F-10 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 from the sale of Series D convertible preferred stock. 
 
 The Company increased its online presence and provided for the expansion of the Company s branded product lines. The acquired majority owned subsidiaries, Aphrodite Marketing and GearBubble Tech of which the Company owns , will enhance the Company s online presence and provide the opportunity for future growth. However, there can be no assurance that this venture will be successful or that the Company can raise the required capital to fund this operation. 
 
 These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F-11 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 F-12 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are included in selling and marketing expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 

F-13 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 

- 

ASC 825-10 Financial Instruments allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding equity instruments. 
 
 . To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institutions, the Company evaluates, at least annually, the rating of the financial institutions in which it holds deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have cash in excess of FDIC limits. 

F-14 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F-15 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 of its finished products from two vendors (15 and 21 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company purchased approximately of its finished products from two vendors (11 and 14 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Concentration of Accounts Receivable 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total accounts receivable amounted to and two customers represented (60 and 30 of this balance. As of December 31, 2021, accounts receivable amounted to and two customers represented of this balance. 

Office and computer equipment 

Selling equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total at cost 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

) 

) 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F-16 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

Convertible Notes 

Total 

Less: unamortized debt discount 

) 

) 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 

Power Up Lending Group 
 
 On January 15, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before January 15, 2022. The note may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into , shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 On January 29, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before January 29, 2022. The note may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into , shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 F-17 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 convertible note in the amount of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before March 3, 2022. The note may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into , shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 On May 11, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before May 11, 2022. The note may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into , shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 On June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before June 22, 2022. The note may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into , shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 On July 20, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before July 20, 2022. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same was paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was , with accrued interest of at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 On July 28, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before July 28, 2022. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same was paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was , with accrued interest of at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal 
 F-18 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 and of accrued interest were fully converted into shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before September 14, 2022. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same was paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was , with accrued interest of at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 On October 4, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Power Up Lending Group. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before October 4, 2022. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was , with accrued interest of at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC formerly known as Sixth Street Lending, LLC 
 
 On November 8, 2021, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Sixth Street Lending, LLL. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before November 8, 2022. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was , with accrued interest of at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Sixth Street Lending, LLC. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before March 8, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price was multiplied by the average two lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 10 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of and of accrued interest were fully converted into shares of common stock. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC. The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before July 11, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is 
 F-19 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 multiplied by the average two lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this note. In October 2022, the Company repaid back the principal amount of 54,250, accrued interest of 963 and prepayment penalty fee of 11,085 for a total of . The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 During the first 90 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company had the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the above notes issued to Sixth Street Lending LLC, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at a premium ranging from 120 to 125 as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay such notes. 
 
 Trillium Partners LLP, 3a Capital Establishment, JP Carey Limited Partners, LP, and JP Carey Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 On February 11, 2021, the Company entered into convertible notes totaling less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of . The principal and accrued interest were payable on or before February 11, 2022. The notes may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. The Company was to pay interest on a quarterly basis in arrears in cash to the Holder commencing on March 1, 2021 and continuing thereafter on each quarterly anniversary of such date until the Obligations have been satisfied in full, on the aggregate then outstanding principal amount of these notes at the rate of ten percent (10 per annum. Any amount of principal or interest on these notes which was not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty four percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same was paid. At the option of the holders, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holders may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date was equal to . Additionally, the Company granted an aggregate of warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of these convertible notes. The warrants have a term of 5 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of 0.002. The Company accounted for the warrants issued with these convertible notes by using the relative fair value method. The total debt discount consisted of beneficial conversion feature of and relative fair value of the warrants of 687,500 using a Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: stock price at valuation date of 0.013 based on the closing price of common stock at date of grant, exercise price of 0.002, dividend yield of zero, expected term of 5.00, a risk-free rate of 0.46 , and expected volatility of 424 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of , accrued interest of 39,342 and conversion fees of 4,050 were fully converted into , shares of common stock. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was with accrued interest of at December 31, 2021. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into Amendment to the Convertible Promissory Notes Agreements (the Amendment with these lenders whereby the conversion prices of the convertible notes were reduced from 0.0015 to . Consequently, the Company recorded interest expense of from the reduction of the conversion prices during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal of , accrued interest of and conversion fees of 16,000 were fully converted into a total of shares of common stock and incurred additional interest expense of 35,976 from such conversion. The outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 Boot Capital, LLC 
 
 On October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an convertible note in the amount of less legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Boot Capital LLC. The principal and accrued interest is payable on or before October 3, 2023. The note may not be prepaid except under certain conditions. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. At the option of the Holder, but not before 180 days from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The conversion price shall mean multiplied by the average two lowest trading price (representing a discount rate of during the previous 15 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this 
 F-20 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 , with accrued interest of . 
 
 Amortization of debt discounts and financing cost 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization of debt discounts and financing cost related to all the convertible notes above amounted to and , respectively, which has been amortized and included in amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 (consist of derivative liability from convertible debt of and derivative liability related to acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing and (consist of derivative liability from convertible debt of and derivative liability related to acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing ), respectively. 
 
 The following is a roll forward for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of the fair value liability of price adjustable derivative instruments: 

Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in debt discount 

Initial valuation of derivative liabilities related to issuance of Series B and C Preferred Stock 

Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in derivative expense 

Reclassification of derivative liabilities to gain from extinguishment of debt 

) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in debt discount 

Initial valuation of derivative liabilities included in derivative expense 

Reclassification of derivative liabilities to gain from extinguishment of debt 

) 
 
 Reclassification of derivative liabilities to additional paid in capital upon conversion 

) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company calculates the estimated fair values of the liabilities for derivative instruments using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The closing price of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.00001 and 0.002, respectively. The volatility, expected remaining term, and risk-free interest rates used to estimate the fair value of derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are indicated in the table that follows. The expected term is equal to the remaining term of the convertible instruments and the risk-free rate is based upon rates for treasury securities with the same term. 
 F-21 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accrued interest 

Loans and advances payable 

RB Capital Partners, Inc. 
 
 On October 15, 2019, the Company entered into a convertible note in the amount of with RB Capital Partners, Inc. The note was payable on demand but had a period of twelve months. The principal and accrued interest was payable on or before October 15, 2020. At the option of the Holder, but not before nine months from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The note was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, principal of was converted into shares of common stock. 
 
 On July 1, 2020, the Company entered into a convertible note in the amount of with RB Capital Partners, Inc. The note was payable on demand but had a period of twelve months. The principal and accrued interest was payable on or before October 15, 2020. At the option of the Holder, but not before nine months from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The note was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price of . 
 
 On August 10, 2020, the Company entered into a convertible note in the amount of with RB Capital Partners, Inc. The note was payable on demand but had a period of twelve months. The principal and accrued interest was payable on or before October 15, 2020. At the option of the Holder, but not before nine months from the date of issuance, the holder may elect to convert all or part of the convertible into the Company s common stock. The note was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price of . 
 
 F-22 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 . 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid to settle the remaining balance of this 12,000 loan. The outstanding principal balances and accrued interest due to RB Capital Partners, Inc. at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . The . 
 
 Trillium Partners LP 
 
 On June 16, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Trillium Partners LP in the amount of . The loan and accrued interest was due on December 31, 2020. Interest accrued at the rate of per annum. The outstanding balances at December 31, 2021 was with accrued interest of . In February 2022, principal of , accrued interest of , and conversion fees of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred additional interest expense of from such conversion into common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance and accrued interest is . 
 
 On September 14, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Trillium Partners LP in the amount of . The loan and accrued interest was due on March 14, 2021. Interest accrued at the rate of per annum. The outstanding balances at December 31, 2021 was with accrued interest of . In February 2022, principal of , accrued interest of , and conversion fees of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred additional interest expense of from such conversion into common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance and accrued interest is . 
 
 On September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Trillium Partners LP in the amount of . The loan and accrued interest was due on March 18, 2021. Interest accrues at the rate of per annum. The outstanding principal balance and accrued interst at December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. In February 2022, principal of , accrued interest of , and conversion fees of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred additional interest expense of from such conversion into common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance and accrued interest is . 
 
 On June 16, 2022, the Company received proceeds related to a loan with Trillium Partners LP in the amount of . The loan and accrued interest were due on demand. Interest accrues at the rate of per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance and accrued interest is and , respectively. 
 
 Clear Finance Technology Corporation Clearbanc 
 
 The Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has a capital advance agreement with Clearbanc, an e-commerce platform provider. On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of with Clearbanc. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has received and repaid back related to this capital advance agreement. The loan or advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance is including accrued interest of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received and repaid back related to this capital advance agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 Shopify 
 
 The Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has a capital advance agreement with Shopify, an e-commerce platform provider with a remittance rate of 7 . On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of with Shopify. During the year 
 F-23 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 and repaid back related to this capital advance agreement. The loan or advance is non-interest bearing, due on demand and are secured by all of the assets of Aphrodite s Marketing. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance is including accrued interest of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received and repaid back related to this capital advance agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 Business Capital 
 
 The Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, had a loan with Business Capital. On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of with Business Capital. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid back related to this loan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 Jonathan Foltz 
 
 The Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has a loan with Jonathan Foltz, the President and CEO of Digital Age Business. On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of with Jonathan Foltz. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has received and repaid back related to this loan. The loan is non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance is . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received and repaid back related to this loan. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, Nationwide (see below) has assumed 65,513 of this loan. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 Nationwide Transport Service, LLC Nationwide 
 
 Through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has loan agreements with Nationwide dated in October 2020 and November 2020. Nationwide is owned by the father of Jonathan Foltz. On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of with Nationwide. Aphrodite s Marketing did not make the required installment payments pursuant to the loan agreements from December 2020 to February 2021 and as such these loans are currently in default. Interest on defaulted amount ranges from 1 to 3 per month. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid back related to this loan. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance is including accrued interest of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid back related to this loan. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, Nationwide has assumed a total of 106,000 of loans related to Digital Age Business and Jonathan Foltz (see above). As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is including accrued interest of . 
 
 Digital Age Business 
 
 Through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has a loan with Digital Age Business. Jonathan Foltz is the President and CEO of Digital Age Business. The loan is non-interest bearing and due on demand. On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of with Digital Age Business. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid back related to this loan. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance is . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid back related to this loan. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, Nationwide (see above) has assumed 40,487 of this loan. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 Amazon Capital Services, Inc. 
 
 In July 2022, the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, entered into a loan agreement with Amazon Capital Services, Inc. Amazon for a loan amount of . The loan bears an annual interest rate of 12 and has a loan term of 6 months from date of the loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid back related to this loan. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is including accrued interest of . 
 F-24 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 . The loan bears weekly interest rate of 0.54 and an upfront fee of 1.6 which were deducted from the loan amount. The loans are repaid in 26 weekly installments from the date of the loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn a total loan of 200,000 and repaid back . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 Square Advance 
 
 In September 2022, the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, executed a merchant cash advance agreement with Square Advance. Under the agreement, the Company sold an aggregate of in future receivables for a purchase amount of . The aggregate principal amount is payable in weekly instalments totaling 7,286 until such time that the obligation is fully satisfied for approximately 6 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received (net of debt cost fee of which was amortized immediately to interest expense) and repaid back related to this loan advance. This loan is guaranteed by the CEO of the Company and Jonathan Foltz. During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense incurred related to this advance amounted to . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 
 
 EAdvance Services 
 
 In November 2022, the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, executed a purchase and sale of future receipt agreement with EAdvance Services. Under the agreement, the Company sold an aggregate of in future receipt or receivables for a purchase amount of . The aggregate principal amount is payable in daily instalments of 1,782 until such time that the obligation is fully satisfied for approximately 4 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received (net of debt cost fee of which was amortized immediately to interest expense) and repaid back related to this loan. This loan is guaranteed by the CEO of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense incurred related to this advance amounted to . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . 

Less: current portion 

) 

) 
 
 Notes payable - long term portion 

Minimum principal payments under notes payable are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2024 

Year ended December 31, 2025 

Year ended December 31, 2026 

Year ended December 31, 2027 

Year ended December 31, 2028 and thereafter 

Total principal payments 

F-25 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 , to be used for working capital purposes only. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company executed; (i) a note for the benefit of the SBA SBA Note ), which contains customary events of default; and (ii) a Security Agreement, granting the SBA a security interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events of default. Installment payments, including principal and interest, were due monthly beginning July 6, 2021 but was extended by the SBA to July 6, 2022 in the amount of 560 each month for a term of thirty (30) years. In March 2022, SBA extended the payment due date from 24 months to 30 months from the date of the note. Interest accrues on this note at the rate of . This note is collateralized by the assets of the Company. The outstanding balances at December 31, 2021 was with accrued interest of . The outstanding balances at December 31, 2022 was with accrued interest of . 
 
 Through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, entered into a Loan Authorization and Agreement with the SBA, under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. On February 10, 2021, upon the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing, the Company assumed an outstanding balance of related to this SBA Loan. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company received an advanced of 150,000, to be used for working capital purposes only. Pursuant to the SBA Loan Agreement, the Company executed; (i) a note for the benefit of the SBA, which contains customary events of default; and (ii) a Security Agreement, granting the SBA a security interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events of default. The SBA Note bears an interest rate of per annum which accrue from the date of the advance. Installment payments, including principal and interest, were due monthly beginning June 24, 2021 but was extended by the SBA to June 24, 2022 in the amount of 731. In March 2022, SBA extended the payment due date from 24 months to 30 months from the date of the note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was with accrued interest of . The outstanding balance at December 31, 2022 was with accrued interest of . 
 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of in connection with the Merger Agreement with GearBubble and is payable to Mr. Donald Wilson who is one of the majority owners of the 49 of GearBubble Tech. The 1,162,000 promissory note is to be paid in 15 equal installments. This note is non-interest bearing and due on demand. Between October 2021 and November 2021, the Company paid a total of towards this promissory note. The outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid back related to promissory note. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance is . The Company negotiated with Mr. Donald Wilson to defer the installment payments in the future. 
 
 On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note in the amount of less original issue discount of and legal and financing costs of for net proceeds of with Sixth Street Lending, LLC. The principal and accrued interest is payable on or before April 13, 2023. Any amount of principal or interest on this note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid. Accrued, unpaid Interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in ten (10) payments each in the amount of 14,268.80 (a total payback to the Holder of 142,688). The first payment shall be due May 30, 2022 with nine (9) subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five (5) day grace period with respect to each payment. The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. At any time following an Event of Default, the Holder shall have the right, to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock. The conversion price shall mean 75 multiplied by the lowest Trading Price for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Days prior to the Conversion Date (representing a discount rate of 25 ). For the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization of debt discounts related to this promissory note amounted to 17,400 which was amortized and included in amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has paid back in cash the principal amount of related to this promissory note. In October 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock as a result of the conversion of principal of and accrued interest of and incurred additional interest expense of for a total of 89,180. The outstanding principal balance and accrued interest at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 F-26 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Less: unamortized debt discount 

) 
 
 Secured notes payable, net 

Trillium Partners LLP and JP Carey Limited Partners, LP 
 
 On October 27, 2021, the Company, together with its majority owned subsidiaries, Aphrodite Marketing and GearBubble Tech (collectively the Borrower ), entered into two Secured Advance Agreements (the Secured Advance Agreements with J.P. Carey Limited Partners L.P. and Trillium Partners L.P. (the Lenders ). The advances will be issued through separate promissory notes subject to all terms and conditions as defined in the Secured Advance Agreements. Such advances ae secured by a security interest in the Borrower s existing and future assets (as specifically defined in the Secured Advance Agreements), including all rights to received payments (including credit card payments) from the sale of goods or services, inventory, property and equipment, and general intangibles. If any payments in the promissory notes are not timely paid, it shall be considered an event of default and the Borrower shall pay a late fee of 5 of the late payment. Accordingly, the Company entered into Secured Promissory Notes (the Secured Notes in an aggregate amount of less legal and financing costs of and original issue discount of for net proceeds of 495,000. The Secured Notes were due on February 4, 2022. 
 
 Principal and interest shall be paid with weekly payments (each a Weekly Payment as follows: (A) payments of 7,500 shall be paid to the Lenders on each Friday within the month of November 2021; (B) payments of 40,000 shall be paid to the Lender on each Friday within the month of December 2021); (C) payments of 35,000 shall be paid to the Lender on each Friday with the month of January 2022 ; and (D) the remainder of any amounts outstanding pursuant to these Secured Notes and the Secured Advance Agreement (as defined including the outstanding repayment amount shall be paid to the Lenders on February 4, 2022. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the principal or interest on this note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent per annum. 
 
 Additionally, the Company granted an aggregate of warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of these secured promissory notes. The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of 0.006. The Company accounted for the warrants issued with these secured promissory notes by using the relative fair value method. The total debt discount from the relative fair value of the warrants of 162,387 using a Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: stock price at valuation date of 0.006 based on the closing price of common stock at date of grant, exercise price of 0.006, dividend yield of zero, expected term of 7.00, a risk-free rate of 1.41 , and expected volatility of 482 . 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid back resulting to a remaining balance of as of December 31, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2021, amortization of debt discounts related to all the secured promissory notes above amounted to 196,312. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully amortized the remaining debt discount of 61,075 which was included in amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid back resulting to an outstanding balance of as of December 31, 2022. 

F-27 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 and (fiscal 2021 was primarily consisted of accrued interest) was due to such officer, respectively. Interest expense was accrued at an average annual market rate of interest which is at December 31, 2021. Interest expense incurred was for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense incurred was for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the CEO provided advances to the Company for working capital purposes of . The Company repaid of these advances. 
 
 Effective February 28, 2010, the Company entered into an employment agreement with the CEO. The agreement, which is for a five-year term, provides for an initial base salary of per year with a annual increase thereafter (the Base Salary ). The CEO is also entitled to certain bonuses based on net profits before taxes and other customary benefits, as defined in the agreement. In addition, since it is understood that the Company is employing the CEO during a time of economic decline throughout the U.S. and at times and from time to time, the Company may not be in a position to pay the full amount of Base Salary owed the CEO it is understood and agreed to by the Board, that as long as the Company is unable to pay the CEO the full amount of his Base Salary that the Board shall issue to him, from time to time, an amount of shares that will allow him to remain in possession of fifty-one percent (51 of the Company s then outstanding shares of common stock. Such issuances shall be made to the CEO at any time when his total share holdings are reduced to an amount less than fifty-one percent (51 as a result of issuance of shares of common stock made on behalf of the Company. Effective September 1, 2011, the Company authorized and issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company authorized and issued an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO in connection with the amended and restated certificate of designation for the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, deferred compensation due to CEO amounted to and advances from CEO amounted . In April 2022, the remaining balance of of deferred compensation due to CEO was reclassed to accrued compensation- CEO. Additionally, in April 2022, the Company accrued bonus compensation of 100,000 to the CEO. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid back of accrued compensation to CEO. As of December 31, 2022, accrued compensation - CEO amounted as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement Amended Employment Agreement with the CEO of the Company, Berge Abajian (the Executive ). The term of the Amended Employment Agreement shall be for 5 years and shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 1 year unless terminated by the Company or the Executive. The Executive shall receive a base salary of per year and such base salary shall automatically increase in a rate of per annum for each consecutive year after 2021 or at such rates as may be approved by the board of directors of the Company. Upon written request of the Executive, the Company shall pay all or a portion of the base salary owed to Executive in the form of i) a convertible promissory note, or ii) the Company s common stock or if available, S-8 common stock. Additionally, the Executive is eligible to receive quarterly bonus at the discretion of the board of directors of the Company. Additionally, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. In July 2021, under the terms of the ESOP, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the future issuance of 500,000,000 shares to the Company s CEO subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares to 6,000,000,000 shares and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on September 21, 2022 (see Note 12). 
 
 Consulting, Advertising, and Marketing Fees 
 
 The Company incurred consulting fees of to an affiliated company owned by Mr. Donald Wilson during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company incurred advertising and marketing fees of to an affiliated company owned by Mr. Donald Wilson during the year ended December 31, 2021. Mr. Donald Wilson is one of the majority owners of the 49 of the Merger Sub, GearBubble Tech. 
 
 F-28 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 and , respectively. 
 
 Through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has loan agreements with Nationwide dated in October 2020 and November 2020. Nationwide is owned by the father of Jonathan Foltz (see Note 8). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. 
 
 Through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, has a loan with Digital Age Business. Jonathan Foltz is the President and CEO of Digital Age Business (see Note 8). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. 
 
 Revenues and Accounts Receivable 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated revenues of from an affiliated company owned by Mr. Donald Wilson who is one of the majority owners of the 49 of GearBubble Tech. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated revenues of from an affiliated company owned by the brother of the CEO of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable to these affiliated companies amounted 0. 
 
 shares of common stock were not issued and has been recognized as common stock issuable. The Company valued these shares at the fair value of or per common share based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant to be expensed over the term of the Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of . In May 2022, the 
 F-29 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares of common stock to such consultant. The consulting services were completed in July 2022 and no Financing has occurred under this Agreement. 
 
 Operating Lease Agreements 
 
 The Company leases retail space at two different locations. The term of the first lease is for a ten-year period from July 2014 to April 2024 starting with a monthly base rent of . The base rent is subject to an annual increase as defined in the lease agreement. In addition to the monthly base rent, the Company is charged separately for common area maintenance which is considered a non-lease component. The second lease has a contingent rental based on 10 of sales. Contingent rentals are not included in operating lease liabilities. The Company s leases generally do not provide an implicit rate, and therefore the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate when measuring operating lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease. The Company used incremental borrowing rate of 10 as of January 1, 2019 for operating leases that commenced prior to that date. The Company estimated its incremental borrowing rate based on its credit quality, line of credit agreement and by comparing interest rates available in the market for similar borrowings. 
 
 Through the Company s majority owned subsidiary, Aphrodite s Marketing, entered into an approximate three-year lease agreement on October 1, 2019, for its office facilities starting with a monthly base rent of . The base rent is subject to an annual increase as defined in the lease agreement. The Company recorded right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities of related to this lease agreement. The Company used incremental borrowing rate of 8 during year 2021. The Company estimated its incremental borrowing rate based on its credit quality, line of credit agreement and by comparing interest rates available in the market for similar borrowings. The Company did not renew this lease agreement in October 2022. 
 
 The following table reconciles the undiscounted future minimum lease payments (displayed by year in aggregate) under non-cancelable operating leases with terms more than one year to the total operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022: 

Year 2024 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less amounts representing interest 
 
 ) 
 
 Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Less current portion 
 
 ) 
 
 Long-term capital lease obligation 

Amended Employment Agreement 
 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement with the CEO of the Company, Berge Abajian. The term of the Amended Employment Agreement shall be for 5 years and shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 1 year unless terminated by the Company or the Executive. The Executive shall receive a base salary of 250,000 per year and such base salary shall automatically increase in a rate of 3 per annum for each consecutive year after 2021 or at such rates as may be approved by the board of directors of the Company. Upon written request of the Executive, the Company shall pay all or a portion of the base salary owed to Executive in the form of i) a convertible promissory note, or ii) the Company s common stock or if available, S-8 common stock. Additionally, the Executive is eligible to receive quarterly bonus at the discretion of the board of directors of the Company. Additionally, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. In July 2021, under the terms of the ESOP, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the future issuance of 500,000,000 shares to the Company s CEO subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares to 6,000,000,000 shares and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares which has been filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022 (see Note 12). 
 F-30 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, and under the terms of the ESOP, the Company s Board of Directors approved the future issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock to the Company s CEO, Berge Abajian, subject to the Company increasing its total authorized shares of common stock to 6,000,000,000 which was increased in July 2021 and subject to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement covering these shares with the SEC. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not meet the prerequisite related to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement. As of September 30, 2022, the Company has met the prerequisite related to the effectiveness of an S-8 Registration Statement. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of or 0.0003 per share. The shares of common stock have not been issued to the CEO and have been recorded as common stock issuable as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company has authorized the issuance of shares of preferred stock. The Company s board of directors is authorized, at any time, and from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and to determine the designations, preferences, limitations and relative or other rights of the preferred stock or any series thereof. 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 In September 2011, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock with the Wyoming Secretary of State, and designated shares of preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock. In February 2021, the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of designation for the Company s Series A Preferred Stock increasing the number of shares to shares. 
 
 Designation . The Company had designated 51 shares which was amended and increase from 51 to 75 shares of preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has a par value of 0.001 per share and a stated value of . 
 
 Dividends . There will be no dividends due or payable on the Series A Preferred Stock. Any future terms with respect to dividends shall be determined by the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive net assets on a pro rata basis. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Voting Rights . Each one (1) share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to One Percent (1 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Corporation s Common Stock on the date of any such vote, such that the Holder of all Seventy-Five (75) shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shall always have voting rights equal to Seventy Five Percent (75 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 Conversion . The Series A Preferred stock in non-convertible. 
 F-31 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO such that the CEO shall maintain voting control. The Company recorded such issuance at par value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. The Company s CEO owns 75 shares of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B 2 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations with the Wyoming Secretary of State, designating shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Designation . The Company had designated 49 shares which was amended and increase from 49 to 4,900 shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value of 100. 
 
 Dividends . Holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor, and the Company shall accrue, quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 of each year, commencing on the Issuance Date, cumulative dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock at the rate per share (as a percentage of the Stated Value per share) equal to two percent (2 per annum on the Stated Value., payable in additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, neither the Company nor any subsidiary thereof shall, without the consent of the Holders of eighty percent (80 of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding (the Requisite Holders), redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any Junior Securities (as defined in Section 7), nor shall the Company directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon, nor shall any distribution be made in respect of, any Junior Securities, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or redemption (through a sinking fund or otherwise) of any Junior Securities. 
 
 Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary or a Sale (as defined below) (a Liquidation ), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether such assets are capital or surplus, for each share of Series B Preferred Stock an amount equal to the Stated Value plus all accrued but unpaid dividends per share, whether declared or not, and all other amounts in respect thereof then due and payable prior to any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be distributed among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 
 
 Voting Rights . Each holder of the Series B Preferred Stock shall have the right to vote on any matter that may from time to time be submitted to the Company s shareholders for a vote, on an as-converted basis, either by written consent or by proxy. 
 
 Conversion at Option of Holder . Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 0.01 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock, (such that all 4,900 authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, if issued and outstanding, would be convertible in the aggregate into 49 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock) (as determined at the earlier of (i) the date of Conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock; and (ii) eighteen (18) months following February 8, 2021) Conversion Ratio ), at the option of a Holder, at any time and from time to time, from and after the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 F-32 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 authorized shares upon filing an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred. 
 
 Designation . The Company has designated 5 shares of preferred stock as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of 0.00001 per share and a stated value of 100. 
 
 Dividends . Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor, and the Company shall accrue, quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 of each year, commencing on the Issuance Date, cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock at the rate per share (as a percentage of the Stated Value per share) equal to two percent (2 per annum on the Stated Value., payable in additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock. So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding, neither the Company nor any subsidiary thereof shall, without the consent of the Holders of eighty percent (80 of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding, redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any Junior Securities, nor shall the Company directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon, nor shall any distribution be made in respect of, any Junior Securities, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or redemption of any Junior Securities. 
 
 Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary or a Sale (as defined below) (a Liquidation ), the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether such assets are capital or surplus, for each share of Series C Preferred Stock an amount equal to the Stated Value plus all accrued but unpaid dividends per share, whether declared or not, and all other amounts in respect thereof then due and payable prior to any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be distributed among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 
 
 Voting Rights . Each holder of the Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right to vote on any matter that may from time to time be submitted to the Company s shareholders for a vote, on an as-converted basis, either by written consent or by proxy. 
 
 Conversion at Option of Holder . Each share of Series C Preferred Stock was convertible into 1 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock (as determined at the earlier of (i) the date of Conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock; and (ii) eighteen (18) months following February 8, 2021) Conversion Ratio ), at the option of a Holder, at any time and from time to time, from and after the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock, except that such conversion will automatically be adjusted so that the Holder s total beneficial ownership does not exceed greater than 9.99 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. In April 2022, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock whereby the conversion term was amended to: 
 
 (a) Conversion at Option of holder . Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 10,670 shares of Common Stock Conversion Ratio ), at the option of a Holder, at any time and from time to time, from and after the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock; provided that, for period of twenty for (24) months from the Issuance Date, if the Company issues shares of common stock, including common stock as the result of the purchase, exercise, or conversion of outstanding derivative or convertible securities (or securities, including any derivative securities, containing the right to purchase, exercise or convert into shares of common stock) (the Dilution Shares such that the outstanding number of shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis shall be greater than one billion sixty-six million nine hundred six thousand (1,066,906,000) shares (inclusive of conversions of Series C Preferred Stock at the Conversion Ratio immediately above), then the Conversion Ratio for the Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding and 
 F-33 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and 5 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the acquisition of Aphrodite s Marketing (see Note 13). 
 
 On April 18, 2022, the Company received a notice of conversion from the holder of the 5 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converting into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were none and shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D 3 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On January 4, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for Series D Convertible Preferred Stock with the Wyoming Secretary of State, designating 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. In February 2022, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company amended and cancelled the mandatory provision and also amended the fixed conversion price from 0.001 to 0.0008. In April 2022, the Company filed another Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock whereby the Company amended the fixed conversion price from 0.0008 to 0.0005. In October 2022, the fixed conversion price was adjusted from 0.0005 to 0.0002 due to the subsequent sale of the Company s common stock at 0.0002 per share in October 2022. 
 
 Designation . The Company has designated shares of preferred stock as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value of 1.00. 
 
 Dividends . Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to an annual dividend equal to 3 of the stated value which shall be cumulative, payable solely upon redemption, liquidation or conversion. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the dividend rate shall automatically increase to 18 . 
 
 Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary or upon any deemed liquidation event, after payment or provision for payment of debts and other liabilities of the Company and after payment or provision for ay liquidation preference payable to the holders of any preferred stock ranking senior upon liquidation to the Series D Preferred Stock, if any, but prior to any distribution or payment made to the holders of common stock or the holders of the preferred stock ranking junior upon liquidation to the Series D Preferred Stock, the holders will be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution an amount equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, default adjustment, if applicable, and any other fees. 
 
 Voting Rights . Except as set forth in the Certificate of Designation, the Series D Preferred Stock shall have no right to vote on any matters requiring shareholder approval or any matters on which the shareholders are permitted to vote. With respect to any voting rights of the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock shall vote as a class, each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall have one vote on any such matter, and any such approval may be given via a written consent in lieu of a meeting of the Series D Holders. 
 
 F-34 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for total net proceeds of after deducting legal and financing cost of 10,000 or approximately 0.96 per share. In connection with the issuance of these Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company recognize deemed dividend of upon issuance. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for total net proceeds of after deducting legal and financing cost of 10,000 or approximately 0.90 per share. Additionally, the Company granted an aggregate of 750,000,000 warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of the sale of these Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of 0.0005 subject to adjustment such as stock dividends, stock splits, and dilutive issuances. Whenever on or after the date of issuance of this warrant, the Company issues or sells, or in for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the exercise price on the date of issuance (a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to the greater of: (i) the price per share received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance; and (ii) 0.00005. In connection with the issuance of these Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and stock warrants, the Company recognize deemed dividend of upon issuance. 
 
 Between July 2022 and August 2022, the Company received a notice of conversion from two holders in the aggregate of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and related accrued dividends of 5,610 converting into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 In October 2022, the fixed conversion price of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock was adjusted from 0.0005 to 0.0002 due to the subsequent sale of the Company s common stock at 0.0002 per share in October 2022. In connection with the decrease in conversion price of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company recognize deemed dividend of . 
 
 In October 2022, the Company received a notice of conversion from two holders in the aggregate of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and related accrued dividends of 3,420 converting into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Dividends on Preferred Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued and unpaid dividends related to the Series B, C, and D Convertible Preferred Stock amounted 32,198 and 5,335, respectively and was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total dividends recorded amounted to and , respectively as reflected in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. 
 
 Common Stock Issued and Issuable 
 
 On March 24, 2021, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation. The amendment reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 1,000,000,000 shares to shares. On July 9, 2021, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of 
 F-35 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares. On April 28, 2022, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 6,000,000,000 shares to shares. On September 26, 2022, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 9,000,000,000 shares to shares. In March 2023, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 15,000,000,000 shares to shares. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Common Stock for Cash 
 
 In October 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to various investors for total proceeds of or approximately per share. 
 
 Common Stock for Debt Conversion 
 
 From January 2022 through March 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately as a result of the conversion of principal, accrued interest, conversion fees of 1,229,018 and incurred additional interest expense of 842,435 for a total of underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an average conversion price of approximately as a result of the conversion of principal, accrued interest and conversion fees of 52,978 and incurred additional interest expense of 161,225 for a total of underlying certain outstanding loans payable converted during such period. The 98,334,176 shares of common stock had a fair value of 214,203, or 0.002 per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. 
 
 From April 2022 through May 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately as a result of the conversion of principal of 108,750 and accrued interest of 4,350 for a total of underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In September 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately as a result of the conversion of principal of 80,000 and accrued interest of 3,200 for a total of underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In October 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock as a result of the conversion of principal of 63,700 and accrued interest 7,644 on a notes payable issued on April 13, 2022 and incurred additional interest expense of 17,836 for a total of . The 891,800,000 shares of common stock had a fair value of 89,180, or 0.0001 per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. 
 
 Common Stock for Services 
 
 In July 2022, the Company issued 12,857,143 shares of its common stock to a consultant for services rendered. The Company issued shares of the Company s common stock valued at approximately 0.0006 per share or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to various investors for total proceeds of or approximately per share. 
 
 F-36 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares of its common stock at an average contractual conversion price of approximately to various lenders as a result of the conversion of principal, accrued interest and conversion fees of underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 
 
 In November 2021, in connection with an Agreement (see Note 11), the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock to a consultant which was valued at the fair value of 62,486 or 0.0039 per common share based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant to be expensed over the term of the Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of . The remaining balance of 54,675 shall be expensed during year 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the16,021,937 shares of common stock were not issued and has been recognized as common stock issuable. 
 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 
 A summary of the Company s outstanding stock warrants is presented below: 

4.84 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

4.26 
 
 Granted 

7.00 
 
 Exercised 

) 

2.40 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

4.71 
 
 Warrants exercisable at December 31, 2022 

4.71 

At December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of warrants outstanding was . 
 
 In February 2021, the Company granted an aggregate of warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of certain convertible notes in February 2021. The warrants have a term of 5 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of subject to adjustment such as stock dividends, stock splits, and dilutive issuances. These warrants contain a provision for cashless exercise as defined in the warrant agreement. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company granted an aggregate of warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of secured promissory notes in October 2021. The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of subject to adjustment under the anti-dilution provision. These warrants contain a provision for cashless exercise as defined in the warrant agreement. 
 
 In April 2022, a warrant holder elected to exercise warrants by cashless exercise and converted into 54,500,000 common stock pursuant to the terms of the stock warrant agreement whereby the exercise price was subject to adjustment under an anti-dilution provision. Such warrants were granted in November 2019 and were issued in connection with a convertible note. The Company recognized the value of the effect of a down round feature in such warrants when triggered. Upon the occurrence of the triggering event that resulted in a reduction of the strike price, the Company measured the value of the effect of the feature as the difference between the fair value of the warrants without the down round feature or before the strike price reduction and the fair value of the warrants with a strike price corresponding to the reduced strike price upon the down round feature being triggered. Accordingly, the Company recognized deemed dividend of 878 and a corresponding reduction of income available to common stockholders upon the alternate cashless exercise of these warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of 825,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for total net proceeds of 740,000 after deducting legal and financing cost of 10,000 or approximately 0.90 per share. 
 F-37 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the issuance of the sale of these Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of grant and exercisable at an exercise price of subject to adjustment such as stock dividends, stock splits, and dilutive issuances. Whenever on or after the date of issuance of this warrant, the Company issues or sells, or in for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the exercise price on the date of issuance (a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to the greater of: (i) the price per share received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance; and (ii) 0.00005. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, which collectively, shall be convertible at Shareholders option, at any time, in whole or in part, into that number of shares of common stock of the Company which shall equal thirty percent of the total issued and outstanding common stock of the Company (as determined at the earlier of (i) the date of conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock; and (ii) eighteen (18) months following the Closing). In addition, the Company will provide an additional in financing for Aphrodite s Marketing. 
 
 As additional consideration for the purchase of the acquired assets, the Company has also agreed to transfer to the selling shareholders of the authorized shares of the Acquisition Sub, such that upon the closing date, 51 of the Acquisition Sub shall be owned by the Company, and 49 of the Acquisition Sub shall be owned by the selling shareholders. 
 
 Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, the Acquisition Sub is expected to meet the adjusted financial projections as set forth in the Acquisition Agreement, in order to earn additional 1,900 Series B Preferred shares, which if earned, shall entitle the selling shareholders to earn up to an additional 19 (the Additional Shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which, including the 30 of Series B Preferred Stock issued at closing, shall together convert up to a maximum of 49 of the Company s then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock, with the Additional Shares being subject to a two-year vesting period from the date of issuance, based upon additional revenues of Acquisition Sub, as set forth in the Acquisition Agreement. 
 
 In addition, the Acquisition Agreement requires that upon closing, Jonathan Foltz, the President and CEO of Digital Age Business, and certain other key employees of Acquisition Sub received employment agreements from Acquisition Sub with respect to their continued employment (the Employment Agreements (which will allow such key employees to participate in any employee stock ownership plan ESOP as offered to the other Company s subsidiary employees from time to time) to make certain that current personnel operating the business of Aphrodites.com shall remain in place for all departments of the business of Aphrodite s Marketing post-closing of the acquisition. 
 
 As further consideration for the acquisition, under the Acquisition Agreement, the Company agreed to provide Acquisition Sub with certain financing, as follows (a) upon the signing of the Letter of Intent that preceded this Acquisition Agreement, the Company provided loans to Jonathan Foltz for the benefit of Aphrodites.com in the amounts of 50,000 on January 22, 2021, 35,000 on January 27, 2021, and 50,000 on February 5, 2021, which were used to pay some of the most pressing of Aphrodite s Liabilities as evidenced by the three promissory notes set forth (b) and upon the signing of this Acquisition Agreement, the Company or its investors will provide equity financing of 615,000 for the benefit of Acquisition Sub, (for which the Company shall enter into a certain Securities Purchase Agreement, Convertible Promissory Note, Warrant, Guaranty, Security Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement (together, the BRGO Transaction Documents ), (the Initial Financing which will be used to pay for (i) partial extinguishing the Assumed Liabilities set forth in the Acquisition Agreement and (ii) expenses in connection with the acquisition and the audit of Acquisition Sub; (c) and following the closing of the acquisition, the Company will facilitate a second equity financing for the benefit of the Acquisition Sub in the amount of an additional 750,000, 
 F-38 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was convertible at shares of common stock at the time of closing. Additionally, since the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock could increase in value over the 18-month exercise period and such terms does not contain an explicit limit in the number of common stock to be delivered upon conversion, the Company accounted for the embedded conversion option in the 3,000 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued under the Acquisition Agreement as derivative liabilities. The Company determined that there is a 20 probability of achieving the post-acquisition milestones to earn the Additional Shares. 
 
 The Company deemed that the fair value of the consideration given was 0.013 per share based on the quoted trading price on the date of the closing amounting to 664,105 which is more clearly evident and more reliable measurement basis. During year 2021, the Company recorded 821,739 of fair value from the embedded conversion options in the 3,000 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and 20 probability of achieving the Additional Shares as derivative liability. 
 
 The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are provisional and are based on the information that was available as of the acquisition date to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company believes that information provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 F-39 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Embedded conversion options in the 3,000 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and 20 probability of achieving the Additional Shares 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

The net purchase price paid by the Company was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the records of the Company as follows:) 

Liabilities assumed (including loans payable of and note payable- long term of 
 
 ) 
 
 Total identifiable net liabilities 
 
 ) 
 
 Non-controlling interest in Aphrodite s Marketing 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets (relating to form of employment contracts and Aphrodite name with estimated three-year life) (1) 

Goodwill 

Total 

Acquisition related cost (legal and audit fees included in professional and consulting expenses during year 2021) 

(1) For year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization of intangible assets amounted to and , respectively. 
 
 GearBubble Tech, Inc. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the May 6, 2021 Binding Letter of Intent, on July 1, 2021 Closing ), . 
 
 Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the GearBubble Shareholders also have an opportunity to earn shares of the Company s common stock BRGO Incentive Common Shares if certain revenue and net income benchmarks are met by Merger Sub in the three years following the Closing of the Acquisition Agreement. 
 
 The Merger Agreement requires that following the Closing of the Merger Agreement, Donald Wilson, the President and CEO of GearBubble, and certain other key employees of Acquisition Sub shall receive employment agreements from Acquisition Sub with respect to their continued employment (the Employment Agreements which will allow such key employees to participate in any employee stock ownership plan ESOP as offered to other Company s subsidiary employees from time to time) to make certain that current personnel operating the business of GearBubble shall remain in place for all departments of the business of GearBubble post-closing of the Acquisition. 
 
 At the Closing, the Equity Recipients will grant the Company the right of first refusal (the First Refusal Right to purchase the Transfer Shares for cash. The aggregate cash price for the Transfer Shares shall equal (i) the average of a minimum of two (2) and a maximum of three (3) independent valuations of Merger Sub, each as of the date when the Company notifies the Equity Recipients of its intent to exercise the First Refusal Right, and each of which shall be undertaken by an independent valuation firm (to be identified by the Company and mutually acceptable to the 
 F-40 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Promissory note 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

The net purchase price paid by the Company was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the records of the Company as follows:) 

Equipment, net 

Liabilities assumed 
 
 ) 
 
 Total identifiable net assets 

Non-controlling interest in GearBubble Tech 
 
 (366,157) 
 
 Goodwill 

Total 

Acquisition related cost (legal and audit fees included in professional and consulting expenses during year 2021) 

Deferred compensation 

Deferred tax asset 

Less valuation allowance 

) 

) 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Based upon the net losses historically incurred and, the prospective global economic conditions, management believes that it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized and has provided a valuation allowance of 100 of the deferred tax asset. 

F-41 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

State income tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act was signed into law. The Act decreases the U.S. corporate federal income tax rate from a maximum of 34 to a flat 21 effective January 1, 2018. The Act also includes a number of other provisions including, among others, the elimination of net operating loss carrybacks and limitations on the use of future losses, the repeal of the Alternative Minimum Tax regime and the repeal of the domestic production activities deduction. These provisions are not expected to have a material effect on the Corporation. Given the significant complexity of the Act and anticipated additional implementation guidance from the Internal Revenue Service, further implications of the Act may be identified in future periods. 
 
 The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax asset for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. The increase in the allowance was in fiscal 2022. The potential tax benefit arising from the loss carryforward of approximately accumulated through December 31, 2017 will expire in 2037 and the fiscal 2018 through 2022 net operating loss carryforward of approximately may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes or business changes that could occur in the future. If necessary, the deferred tax assets will be reduced by any carryforward that expires prior to utilization as a result of such limitations, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2020, 2021 and 2022 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination. 
 
 in future receivables for a purchase amount of . The aggregate principal amount is payable in daily instalments totaling 1,884.62 until such time that the obligation is fully satisfied for approximately 130 days. The Company has received (net of debt cost fee of 7,000 which was amortized immediately to interest expense). This loan is guaranteed by the CEO of the Company and Jonathan Foltz. 
 
 Increase in Authorized Shares and Certificate of Designation of Series E 3 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On March 24, 2023, the Company filed, with the Wyoming Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment, to amend its Articles of Incorporation and reflected the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 15,000,000,000 shares to shares. 
 
 On March 24, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for Series E Convertible Preferred Stock with the Wyoming Secretary of State, designating 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 F-42 
 
 BERGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares of preferred stock as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value of 1.00 (the Stated Value ). 
 
 Voting Rights . The Series E Preferred Stock shall have no right to vote on any matters requiring shareholder approval or any matters on which the shareholders are permitted to vote. 
 
 Dividends . Each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to an annual dividend equal to 3 of the stated value which shall be cumulative, payable solely upon redemption, liquidation or conversion. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the dividend rate shall automatically increase to 18 . 
 
 Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary or upon any deemed liquidation event, after payment or provision for payment of debts and other liabilities of the Company and after payment or provision for ay liquidation preference payable to the holders of any preferred stock ranking senior upon liquidation to the Series E Preferred Stock, if any, but prior to any distribution or payment made to the holders of common stock or the holders of the preferred stock ranking junior upon liquidation to the Series E Preferred Stock, the holders will be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution an amount equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, default adjustment, if applicable, and any other fees (collectively the Adjustment Amount ). 
 
 No Conversion Right . The Holder shall have no right at any time, to convert all or any part of the outstanding Series E Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. 
 
 Mandatory Redemption by the Company . On the date which is the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2023; and (ii) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default ((i) or (ii), the Mandatory Redemption Date the Company shall redeem all of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock of the Holders. Within five (5) days of the Mandatory Redemption Date, the Company shall make payment to each Holder of an amount in cash, or kind, equal to (i) the total number of Series E Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder, multiplied by (ii) the then current Stated Value (including but not limited to the addition of any accrued, unpaid dividends and the Default Adjustment, if applicable) (the Mandatory Redemption Amount ). The value of any payment in kind shall be as agreed between the Company and respective the Holder. 
 
 Default Adjustment . Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default (other than as set forth in Section 8ai of the amendment which is the failure to redeem), the Stated Value shall immediately be increased to 1.50 per share of Series E Preferred Stock; and upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Section 8ai which is the failure to redeem, the Stated Value shall immediately be increased to 2.00 per share of Series E Preferred Stock (the amounts referred to herein shall be referred to collectively as the Default Adjustment ). In the event of a Default Adjustment, the Company shall immediately, upon the demand of the Majority Holders, redeem the issued and outstanding Series E Preferred Stock and pay to the Holders the amount which is equal to (i) the number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock held by such Holders multiplied by (ii) the Stated Value plus any Adjustment Amount. Upon any Event of Default set forth in Section 8(A)(ix), provided that there is no other default, no Default Adjustment shall occur; however, the Company shall immediately, upon the demand of the Majority Holders, redeem the issued and outstanding Series E Preferred Stock and pay to the Holders the amount which is equal to (i) the number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock held by such Holders multiplied by (ii) the Stated Value plus any Adjustment Amount. 
 
 Exchange Agreement 
 
 On March 24, 2023, the Company and Trillium Partners, L.P. (the Holder entered into an Exchange Agreement whereby the Holder will exchange (the Exchange Series D Preferred Stock of the Company for Series E Preferred Stock of the Company for shares of the Company s Series E Preferred stock which shall have the rights and preferences in the Certificate of Designation of the Series E Preferred Stock as discussed above and for no other consideration. 

F-43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brgo_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Berge Abajian, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Bergio International, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 
 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: /s/ Berge Abajian 

Berge Abajian 

Principal Executive Officer 

Bergio International, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brgo_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Berge Abajian, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Bergio International, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 
 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: /s/ Berge Abajian 

Berge Abajian 

Principal Financial Officer 

Bergio International, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brgo_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report of Bergio International, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Berge Abajian, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: /s/ Berge Abajian 

Berge Abajian 

Principal Executive Officer 

Bergio International, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brgo_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report of Bergio International, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Berge Abajian, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: /s/ Berge Abajian 

Berge Abajian 

Principal Financial Officer 

Bergio International, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 brgo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 brgo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 brgo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 brgo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 brgo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

