<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_24545_0000024545-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22587771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>459013</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3783292</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8320513</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5023043</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4601060</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000024545-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221111822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000024545-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000024545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				840178360
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14829
		FILM NUMBER:		23646164

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 4030
		STREET 2:		NH353
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-279-6565

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 4030
		STREET 2:		NH353
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOLSON COORS BREWING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COORS ADOLPH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000024545-23-000006.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 tap-20221231.htm
 10-K

tap-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ . 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 , , , 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Zip Code) 
 
 - (Colorado) 
 - (Qu bec) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 _______________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbols Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at the close of business on the last trading day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022, was approximately billion based upon the last sales price reported for such date on the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange. For purposes of this disclosure, shares of common and exchangeable stock held by officers and directors of the registrant (and their respective affiliates) as of June 30, 2022, are excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination is not necessarily conclusive of affiliate status for other purposes. 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of February 14, 2023. 
 Class A Common Stock shares 
 Class B Common Stock shares 
 Exchangeable shares: 
 As of February 14, 2023, the following number of exchangeable shares was outstanding for Molson Coors Canada, Inc.: 
 Class A Exchangeable Shares 2,717,367 shares 
 Class B Exchangeable Shares 10,983,834 shares 
 The Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares are shares of the share capital in Molson Coors Canada Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the registrant. They are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols TPX.A and TPX.B, respectively. These shares are intended to provide substantially the same economic and voting rights as the corresponding class of Molson Coors common stock in which they may be exchanged. In addition to the registered Class A common stock and the Class B common stock, the registrant has also issued and outstanding one share each of a Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock. The Special Class A voting stock and the Special Class B voting stock provide the mechanism for holders of Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares to be provided instructions to vote with the holders of the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock, respectively. The holders of the Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding Class A exchangeable share and Class B exchangeable share, respectively, excluding shares held by the registrant or its subsidiaries, and generally vote together with the Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, on all matters on which the Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to vote. The Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock are subject to a voting trust arrangement. The trustee which holds the Special Class A voting stock and the Special Class B voting stock is required to cast a number of votes equal to the number of then-outstanding Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares, respectively, but will only cast a number of votes equal to the number of Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares as to which it has received voting instructions from the owners of record of those Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares, other than the registrant or its subsidiaries, respectively, on the record date, and will cast the votes in accordance with such instructions so received. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX Page Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations 
 2 
 Cautionary Statement 
 3 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 3 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 119 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 119 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 120 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 120 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 120 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 120 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 120 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 121 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 121 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 121 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 127 
 Signatures 
 128 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations 
 AOCI 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) CAD 
 Canadian dollar COGS Cost of goods sold CZK Czech Koruna DBRS A global credit rating agency in Toronto DSUs Deferred stock units EBITDA Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization EPS 
 Earnings per share EROA Assumed long-term expected return on assets EUR Euro FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board GBP 
 British Pound HRK Croatian Kuna JPY 
 Japanese Yen LIBOR 
 London Interbank Offered Rate MG A Marketing, general and administrative Moody s 
 Moody s Investors Service Limited, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization designated by the SEC NAV Net asset value OCI Other comprehensive income (loss) OPEB 
 Other postretirement benefit plans PBO Projected benefit obligation PSUs Performance share units RSD 
 Serbian Dinar RSUs Restricted stock units S P 500 Standard Poor s 500 Index SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SKU Stock-keeping unit Standard Poor s Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization designated by the SEC STRs 
 Sales-to-retailers 
 STWs 
 Sales-to-wholesalers 
 U.K. United Kingdom U.S. 
 United States U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. USD or U.S. dollar VIEs Variable interest entities 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("this report") contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act"). From time to time, we may also provide oral or written forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Such forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements, and include, but are not limited to, statements in Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report, and under the heading " Items Affecting Reported Results ", with respect to expectations regarding the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on our operations, liquidity, financial condition and financial results, expectations regarding future dividends, overall volume trends, consumer preferences, limited consumer disposable income, pricing trends, industry forces, cost reduction strategies, including our revitalization plan, expectations of cost inflation, anticipated results, expectations for funding future capital expenditures and operations, debt service capabilities, timing and amounts of debt and leverage levels, shipment levels and profitability, market share and the sufficiency of capital resources. In addition, statements that we make in this report that are not statements of historical fact may also be forward-looking statements. Words such as "expects," "intend," "goals," "plans," "believes," "continues," "may," "anticipate," "seek," "estimate," "outlook," "trends," "future benefits," "potential," "projects," "strategies," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from those indicated (both favorably and unfavorably). These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I Item 1A. "Risk Factors" elsewhere throughout this report, and those described from time to time in our past and future reports filed with the SEC. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 Market and Industry Data 
 The market and industry data used in this report are based on independent industry publications, customers, trade or business organizations, reports by market research firms and other published statistical information from third parties (collectively, the Third Party Information ), as well as information based on management s good faith estimates, which we derive from our review of internal information and independent sources. Such Third Party Information generally states that the information contained therein or provided by such sources has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. 
 
 Risks Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The summary should be read together with the more detailed description of each risk factor described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. 
 deterioration of general economic, political, credit and/or capital market conditions, including those caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict or other geopolitical tensions; 
 our dependence on the global supply chain and significant exposure to changes in commodity and other input prices, and the impacts of supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures; 
 weak, or weakening of, economic, social or other conditions in the markets in which we do business, including cost inflation and reductions in discretionary consumer spending; 
 loss, operational disruptions or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, including those of our suppliers, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise; 
 cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems, and violations of data privacy laws and regulations; 
 our reliance on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property; 
 constant evolution of the global beer industry and the broader alcohol industry, and our position within the global beer industry and success of our product in our markets; 
 competition in our markets; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to successfully and timely innovate beyond beer; 
 changes in the social acceptability, perceptions and the political view of the beverage categories in which we operate, including alcohol and cannabis; 
 labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues; 
 environmental, social and governance ESG issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability; 
 potential adverse impacts of climate change and other weather events; 
 inadequate supply or availability of quality water; 
 our dependence on key personnel; 
 our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions; 
 impacts related to the coronavirus pandemic; 
 investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting related pension plan costs and contributions; 
 our significant debt level subjects us to financial and operating risks, and the agreements governing such debt subject us to financial and operating covenants and restrictions; 
 deterioration in our credit rating; 
 default by, or failure of, our counterparty financial institutions; 
 impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 the estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate; 
 our reliance on a small number of suppliers to obtain the input materials we need to operate our business; 
 termination or changes of one or more manufacturer, distribution, or production agreements, or issues caused by our dependence on the parties to these agreements; 
 unfavorable outcomes of legal or regulatory matters; 
 our operations in developing and emerging markets; 
 changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products; 
 our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; 
 changes in tax, environmental, trade or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations; 
 risks associated with operating our joint ventures; 
 failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations; 
 the dependence of our U.S. business on independent distributors to sell our products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell our products, and distributor consolidation in the U.S.; 
 government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations on our Canada business; 
 risks our Americas business joint venture face in the Canadian cannabis industry; 
 indemnities provided to the purchaser of our previous interest in the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. business in Brazil; 
 economic trends and intense competition in European markets; 
 the potential for Pentland and the Coors Trust to disagree on a matter submitted to our stockholders or the super-majority of our board of directors to disagree on certain actions; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 the interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders; and 
 shareholder activism efforts or unsolicited offers from a third-party. 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Business Overview 
 Unless otherwise noted in this report, any description of "we," "us" or "our" includes Molson Coors Beverage Company ("MCBC" or the "Company"), principally a holding company, and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within its Americas and EMEA APAC reporting segments. Unless otherwise indicated, information in this report is presented in USD and comparisons are to comparable prior periods. Our primary operating currencies, other than the USD, include the CAD, the GBP and our Central European operating currencies such as the EUR, CZK, RON, HRK and RSD. 
 For more than two centuries, we have been brewing beverages that unite people to celebrate all life s moments. From Coors Light , Miller Lite, Molson Canadian, Carling and Staropramen to Coors Banquet, Blue Moon Belgian White, Vizzy Hard Seltzer, Leinenkugel s Summer Shandy, Miller High Life and more, we produce many beloved and iconic beer brands. While our Company s history is rooted in beer, we offer a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle as well. As a business, our ambition is to be the first choice for our people, our consumers and our customers, and our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions. 
 Molson and Coors were founded in 1786 and 1873, respectively. Our commitment to producing the highest quality beers is a key part of our heritage and remains so to this day. Our brands are designed to appeal to a wide range of consumer tastes, styles and price preferences. Coors was incorporated in June 1913 under the laws of the state of Colorado. In October 2003, Coors merged with and into Adolph Coors Company, a Delaware corporation. In February 2005, Adolph Coors Company merged with Molson Inc. ("the Merger"). Upon completion of the Merger, Adolph Coors Company changed its name to Molson Coors Brewing Company. On October 11, 2016, we entered into a purchase agreement with Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV to acquire 100 of the outstanding equity and voting interests of MillerCoors, previously a joint venture between MCBC and the former SABMiller plc. In January 2020, we changed our name from Molson Coors Brewing Company to Molson Coors Beverage Company in connection with our expansion beyond the beer aisle. 
 Our revitalization plan, announced on October 28, 2019, focuses on the execution of the following principal strategies: building on the strength of our iconic core brands, growing our above premium portfolio, expanding beyond the beer aisle and investing in our capabilities and supporting our people and communities. Through the execution of the revitalization plan, we broadened our range of products and offerings within our portfolio to also include, among others, hard seltzers, ready to drink beverages and a variety of non-alcoholic beverage offerings. In 2021, in order to support the overall premiumization of our portfolio, we strategically de-prioritized and rationalized certain non-core SKUs predominately in the economy segment. While we rationalized certain non-core economy SKUs, we retained key economy brands allowing us to maintain a portfolio for all socio-economic demographics. The revitalization plan is intended to drive sustainable net sales and earnings growth and could result in potential volume declines due to the rationalization of certain SKUs and as the portfolio mix shifts towards a higher composition of above premium products. 
 Our Segments 
 In 2022, we operated the following segments: Americas and EMEA APAC. Our Americas segment operates in the U.S., Canada and various countries in the Caribbean, Latin and South America and our EMEA APAC segment operates in Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Montenegro, the Republic of Ireland, Romania, Serbia, the U.K., various other European countries and certain countries within the Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific. A separate operating team manages each segment and each segment manufactures, markets, distributes and sells beer as well as offers a modern and growing portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Americas Segment 
 Our Americas segment consists of the production, marketing and sales of our brands and other owned and licensed brands in the U.S., Canada and various countries in the Caribbean, Latin and South America. We currently operate nine primary breweries, nine craft breweries and two container operations. We are North America's oldest beer company and second largest brewer by volume in North America, representing approximately 20 of the total 2022 North America beer market, which is the largest region of our Americas segment. The Americas segment also includes a partnership arrangement related to the distribution of beer in Ontario, Canada, Brewers' Retail Inc. ("BRI"), and in the western provinces of Canada, Brewers' Distributor Ltd. ("BDL"). In addition, we have an agreement with Heineken that grants us the right to produce, import, market, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 distribute and sell certain Heineken products in Canada. The Americas segment also includes Truss, our Canadian joint venture with HEXO Corp. ("HEXO") which produces and markets non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages in Canada. 
 We have agreements to brew, package and ship products for Pabst Brewing Company, LLC ("Pabst") and The Yuengling Company ("TYC"), and an agreement with Labatt USA Operating Co, LLC to brew and package certain Labatt brands for export. 
 EMEA APAC Segment 
 The EMEA APAC segment consists of our production, marketing and sales of our primary brands as well as other owned and licensed brands in Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Montenegro, the Republic of Ireland, Romania, Serbia, the U.K., various other European countries and certain countries within the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. We currently operate eleven primary breweries, six craft breweries and one cidery. Our EMEA APAC segment is Europe's second largest brewer by volume, on a combined basis, within the countries in which we operate, with an approximate aggregate 18 market share (excluding factored products) in 2022. The majority of our EMEA APAC segment sales are in the U.K., Croatia, Czech Republic and Romania with the U.K. representing over 55 of the segment's net sales in 2022. 
 Our portfolio includes beers that have the largest share in their respective countries, such as Carling in the U.K., Ozujsko in Croatia and Niksicko in Montenegro. We have beers that rank in the top two in market share in their respective segments throughout the region, such as Bergenbier in Romania, Jelen in Serbia and Borsodi in Hungary . Additionally, we sell Staropramen and Miller Genuine Draft in various countries. Our EMEA APAC segment includes the sale of factored brand sales (beverage brands owned by other companies but sold and delivered to retail by us) and our consolidated joint venture arrangement for the production and distribution of Cobra brands in the U.K. 
 Unallocated 
 We have certain activity that is not allocated to our segments, and primarily includes financing-related costs such as interest expense and income, foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances related to financing and other treasury-related activities, and the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships recorded within cost of goods sold, which are later reclassified when realized to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides. Additionally, only the service cost component of net periodic pension and OPEB cost is reported within each operating segment, and all other components remain unallocated. 
 Industry Overview 
 The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years to become an increasingly global beer market. The industry was previously founded on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export, license and partnership arrangements. Over time the market has become increasingly complex as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally, resulting in a small number of large global brewers representing the majority of the worldwide beer market. In addition to the consolidation and the acquisitive nature of the industry, exports, licensing and partnership arrangements continued to be used and these transactions typically occurred between the same global competitors that make up the majority of the market. There was also a period of time about five to ten years ago when smaller local brewers within certain established markets experienced accelerated growth as consumers increasingly placed value on locally-produced, regionally-sourced products. In addition, changing consumer trends are pushing the industry toward above premium products, including flavored malt beverages, imports and beyond beer altogether. In recent years, the hard seltzer market emerged and experienced significant growth, particularly in the U.S. Although the significant growth has slowed as the market has matured, we believe the hard seltzer market will continue to be of importance to consumers especially in the Americas. As the beer industry continues its evolution of consolidation and diversification of its products to meet consumer demand with broadening preferences, we believe large global brewers are uniquely positioned to leverage the scale, depth of product portfolio and industry knowledge to continue to lead the market forward. We believe we are well positioned to compete in this continually evolving market, particularly in beer, hard seltzer and beyond. 
 Our Products 
 We have a diverse portfolio of beloved and iconic owned and partner brands including Blue Moon, Carling, Coors Banquet, Coors Light, Miller High Life, Miller Genuine Draft, Miller Lite and Staropramen . We continue to invest in and focus on growing these brands. In addition to these iconic brands, we offer products in the above premium segment, including flavored malt beverages (which includes hard seltzers), craft and ready to drink beverages, premium (which includes premium lights) and economy segments. Further, our modern and growing portfolio expands beyond the beer aisle as well. We craft and distribute high-quality, innovative beverages with the purpose of uniting people to celebrate all life s moments. We categorize our brands globally for consistency of reporting based on the following price segments: Above Premium, Premium and Economy. For example, our Above Premium classification includes brands that are sold at a price point higher than the market 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 average. Price segment classifications may vary between the Americas and EMEA APAC segments and the naming conventions and classifications may be different in the various countries that we operate based on local terminology, for example in our EMEA APAC segment brands categorized in the Premium classification such as Carling would be described as Core Brands in the local market. 
 The following presents the primary brands sold: 
 Owned Brands 
 Above Premium Brands - Aspall Cider, Blue Moon, Coors Original, Hop Valley brands , Leinenkugel's, Miller Genuine Draft, Molson Ultra , Sharp's, Staropramen, Vizzy Hard Seltzer 
 Premium - Bergenbier, Borsodi, Carling, Coors Banquet, Coors Light, Jelen, Kamenitza, Miller Lite, Molson Canadian Lager, Molson Dry, Molson Export, Niksicko, Ozujsko 
 Economy - Branik, Icehouse, Keystone, Miller High Life, Milwaukee's Best, Steel Reserve 
 Partner Brands 
 Our partner brands are licensed through various agreements with third parties, such as license, distribution, partnership and joint venture agreements. 
 Arnold Palmer Spiked, Beck's, Heineken, Lowenbrau, Madri, Peroni Nastro Azurro, Pilsner Urquell, Redd's brands , Simply Spiked, Sol, Stella Artois, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, Zoa 
 Competition 
 The beer industry is highly competitive and our portfolio of beers competes with numerous brands in all segments which are produced by international, national, regional and local brewers. Competitive factors impacting our business include, but are not limited to, brand recognition and loyalty, pricing, quality, advertising, marketing and promotional activity, packaging, product variety, and the ability to anticipate and respond to consumer tastes and preferences. We believe our brand portfolio gives us strong representation in all major beer categories. In the U.S. and Canada, we compete most directly with Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ("ABI") brands, but we also compete with imports and other providers of craft beer and flavored malt beverages. In the European countries where we currently operate, our primary competitors are ABI, Asahi, Carlsberg and Heineken. 
 Our products also compete with other alcohol beverages, including wine and spirits, and thus their competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these other categories. Sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years, driven by, among other things, increased spirits advertising, a narrowing price gap with wine and spirits and increased wine and spirits sales execution. This has resulted in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcohol beverage market. 
 In addition, consumer preferences have continued to shift within the industry to above premium products, with volume growth in recent years seen in flavored malt beverages (including hard seltzers), imports and super premium portfolios. We believe growing or even maintaining our market share will require building on the strength of our core brands, premiumizing our portfolio and continuing to increase our presence in the fast-growing areas of the industry and beyond the beer aisle. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Our go to market strategy differs between geographic regions due to the differences in regulations among those areas. 
 In the U.S., beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. A national network of approximately 330 independent distributors and one Company-owned distributor, Coors Distributing Company, purchases our products and distributes them to on- and off-premise retail accounts. Coors Distributing Company distributed approximately 3 of our total owned and non-owned Americas segment volume in 2022. Transportation of our products to distributors in the U.S. is primarily contracted through third-party logistics providers and shipped by truckload. We have long-term contracts in place with third-party logistics providers to mitigate price fluctuations in freight costs. In instances where transportation needs cannot be met by contracted freight carriers, we utilize the spot freight market. In recent years, in response to trends seen within the transportation industry, we began shipping more products via railway, through insulated boxcars or intermodal shipping containers, as an action taken to mitigate the level of inflation seen in freight costs within the trucking industry. 
 In Canada, because provincial governments regulate the beer industry and provincial liquor boards control the distribution and retail sale of alcohol products, distribution strategies and transportation of products vary by province. In 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Ontario, beer is primarily purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI, at government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario ("LCBO"), at approved agents of the LCBO, at certain licensed grocery stores, or at any bar, restaurant, or tavern licensed by the LCBO to sell alcohol for on-premise consumption. In Qu bec, the distribution and sale of beer is governed by the Soci t des Alcools du Qu bec ("SAQ"). Beer is distributed to retail outlets directly by each brewer or through approved independent agents. Retail sales for off-premise consumption are made through grocery and convenience stores, as well as government operated outlets. BDL manages the distribution of our products throughout British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. 
 In the Caribbean, Latin and South America, we use a combination of export models and license agreements to sell Blue Moon, Coors Light, Miller Genuine Draft, Miller High Life, Miller Lite and other brands. In our export model markets, we import beer from the U.S. and sell it through agreements with independent distributors. In license markets, we have established exclusive licensing agreements with brewers and distributors for the manufacturing and distribution of our products. In certain of our markets, we rely on a combination of these agreements. 
 In the European countries in which we operate, beer is generally distributed through either a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers, or a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. Distribution activities for both the on-premise and off-premise channels are conducted primarily by third-party logistics providers. Most of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. We have an agreement with Tradeteam Ltd. ("Tradeteam," a subsidiary of DHL) to provide the distribution of our products throughout the U.K. until April 2029. We utilize several hundred third-party logistics providers across our Central European operations. We also conduct a small amount of secondary distribution in several Central European countries utilizing our own fleet of vehicles. It is also common in the U.K. for brewers to distribute beer, wine, spirits and other products owned and produced by other companies, which we refer to as factored brands, to the on-premise channel (bars and restaurants). Approximately 17 of our EMEA APAC segment net sales in 2022 represented factored brands. 
 In addition, we have an agreement with Heineken whereby they sell, market and distribute Coors in the Republic of Ireland, as well as agreements with ABI to brew and distribute Beck's , Stella Artois and Lowenbrau, and to distribute Hoegaarden , Leffe , and Corona in Central Europe. 
 Our operations in Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific include markets such as Australia, South Africa and South Korea, with the sale and distribution completed under local license agreements, through the export of our brands from our sites or contract manufacturing with sale through local distributors. 
 Channels 
 References to on- and off-premise sales volumes are sales to retailers, which we believe is a useful data point relative to consumer trends. The on-premise channel includes sales to bars, pubs and restaurants while the off-premise channel includes sales in convenience stores, grocery stores, liquor stores and other retail outlets including The Beer Store in Ontario, which is Canada's largest beer retailer. Over the last few years, throughout the EMEA APAC segment, the off-premise channel has become increasingly concentrated among a small number of super-store chains. Industry channel trends vary by segment. 
 The following table reflects the on-premise MCBC channel trends over the last four years in the largest regions of our Americas segment, the U.S. and Canada, and the largest region of our EMEA APAC segment, the U.K., based on the percentage of on-premise volume to total STR volume. 
 On-Premise Volume - MCBC Channel Trend 2022 2021 2020 2019 U.S. and Canada 15 13 9 16 U.K. 62 49 38 61 
 Prior to the year ended December 31, 2020, the split between on-premise and off-premise remained relatively stable in the Americas segment while the EMEA APAC segment had seen volumes across countries in which we operate shifting over time from the higher margin on-premise channel to the lower margin off-premise channel. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we experienced a significant adverse impact resulting from the closure of the on-premise channel and increased restrictions as a result of the on-set of the coronavirus pandemic which effectively shut down the on-premise channel for various portions of time across the geographies in which we operate. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we began to see a progressive return to the on-premise channel at varying degrees across geographies. 
 As we continue to recover from the coronavirus pandemic, any governmental or societal impositions of restrictions on public gatherings, including any vaccine mandates or testing requirements, especially if prolonged in nature will continue to impact on-premise traffic and, in turn, our business. See Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis, "Items 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Affecting Reported Results" "Segment Results of Operations Americas" , for further details. 
 Manufacturing, Production and Packaging 
 Brewing Raw Materials 
 We use high quality ingredients to brew our products, including hops, water and barley, among others. 
 Hops used to brew our products are purchased under various contracts from suppliers in the U.S. and Europe with EMEA APAC primarily sourced from Germany, U.K., U.S., Czech Republic and Slovenia. These contracts vary in length based on market conditions. 
 In the Americas segment, we malt a majority of our production requirements in the U.S. and Canada, using barley purchased primarily under annual contracts from independent farmers located predominately in the western U.S. and Canadian Prairies. In addition, we source barley malt from three other commercial providers, from which we have a committed supply through 2025. Other brewing adjuncts are sourced from three main suppliers, all in the U.S. and Canada, with committed supply through 2023. Other malt and cereal grains are purchased primarily from suppliers in the U.S. and Canada. 
 In EMEA APAC, during the year ended December 31, 2022, our malt requirements were sourced from third-party suppliers, with the majority of our brewing materials provided by suppliers based in Europe. We have multiple agreements with various suppliers that cover almost all of our total required malt, with terms ending in 2022 through 2029. Adjuncts are purchased under various contracts with local producers, which are typically crop year contracts commencing in October of each year. 
 In the U.S. and Canada, we both own and lease water rights, as well as purchase water through local municipalities and communities, to provide for and sustain brewing operations. In EMEA APAC, water used in the brewing process is sourced through water rights for water wells, river water use or supply contracts with water suppliers. 
 We do not currently anticipate future difficulties in accessing water or agricultural products used in our brewing process in the near term. 
 Packaging Materials 
 Our primary packaging materials include aluminum, glass bottles, kegs and casks and recyclable plastic containers. In recent years, we have seen a shift to aluminum cans from glass bottles, and this trend accelerated during the year ended December 31, 2020 as a result of the on-premise channel closing at various degrees across our geographies due to the coronavirus pandemic. While we saw a shift back from aluminum cans to kegs during 2021 and 2022 as the on-premise progressively reopened, aluminum cans continue to represent a greater percentage of packaging materials as compared to the years prior to the coronavirus pandemic. 
 In our Americas segment, a portion of the aluminum cans and ends are purchased from Rocky Mountain Metal Container ("RMMC"), our joint venture with Ball Corporation ("Ball"), whose production facilities, which are leased from us, are located near our brewery in Golden, Colorado. In addition to the supply agreement with RMMC, we have supply agreements with Ball and other vendors to purchase aluminum containers in addition to what is supplied from RMMC. In EMEA APAC, we have long-term agreements with various suppliers that cover all of our required supply of cans. 
 In the Americas segment, a portion of the glass bottles are purchased from Rocky Mountain Bottle Company ("RMBC"), our joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc. ("Owens"), whose production facilities, which are leased from us, are located in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. In addition to the supply agreement with RMBC, we have supply agreements with Owens and other vendors for requirements in excess of RMBC's production. 
 The standard bottle for beer brewed in Canada is the 341 ml returnable bottle and represents the vast majority of our bottle sales. The returnable bottle requires significant investment behind our returnable bottle inventory and bottling equipment. 
 While we experienced some challenges in obtaining supplies required for certain packaging materials in 2021 and 2022 as a result of the global supply chain disruption, partially due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, these more severe supply constraints were short term in nature and overall, did not materially impact our ability to produce product and meet production forecasts. We do not currently foresee future difficulties in accessing packaging materials in the near term. In addition, we do not foresee any issues in maintaining and renegotiating the various long-term agreements we have in place for supply of key materials. 
 Many of our ingredients, raw materials and commodities for both brewing and packaging are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including commodity swaps and options. In 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 addition, risk to our supply of certain raw materials is mitigated through purchases from multiple geographies and suppliers. When prices increase for materials, we may or may not be able to pass on such increases to our customers. In addition, we continue to make investments to improve the sustainability and resources of our agricultural supply chain, including the development of our initiative to advance sustainable farming practices by our suppliers. 
 Seasonality of the Business 
 Total industry volume is sensitive to factors such as weather, holidays, changes in demographics, consumer preferences and drinking occasions including major televised sporting events. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm and dry weather favor increased consumption of our products, while unseasonably cool or wet weather, especially during the summer months, adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Consumption of beer in the Americas segment is seasonal, with nearly 37 of sales volume occurring during the months from May through August. In EMEA APAC, the peak selling seasons typically occur during the summer months and during the Christmas and New Year holiday season. 
 Coronavirus Global Pandemic 
 Starting at the end of the first quarter of 2020, the coronavirus pandemic had a material adverse effect on our operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. In 2021, we saw improvements in the marketplace related to the coronavirus global pandemic as on-premise locations began to re-open, with varying degrees of restrictions, across the world beginning in the second quarter of 2021. A new variant of coronavirus, Omicron, created additional uncertainty and negatively impacted our on-premise business at the end of 2021 and into the first quarter of 2022 when we started to see progressive improvements in the on-premise channel. Thus, while an improvement from 2021, the coronavirus global pandemic continued to have a negative impact to our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The extent to which our operations will continue to be impacted by the coronavirus pandemic will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including the level of governmental or societal orders or restrictions on public gatherings and on-premise venues, including any vaccine mandates or testing requirements, the severity and duration of the coronavirus pandemic by market, including outbreaks of variants, changes in consumer behavior, inflationary pressures resulting from the coronavirus pandemic, the rate of vaccination and the efficacy of vaccines against the coronavirus and related variants. We continue to actively monitor the ongoing evolution of the coronavirus pandemic and resulting impacts to our business. 
 See further discussion of the status of the coronavirus pandemic and its impacts on our Company, including the on- and off-premise impacts to our segments in Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 Regulation 
 Our business is subject to various laws and regulations in the jurisdictions around the world in which we operate. These regulations govern many parts of our operations, including brewing, marketing and advertising, transportation, distributor relationships, sales and environmental issues. 
 The U.S. beer business is regulated by federal, state and local governments. To operate our facilities, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits, licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, state alcohol regulatory agencies and state and federal environmental agencies. U.S. governmental entities also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In 2022, our U.S. business excise taxes on malt beverages were approximately 15 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. Excise taxes are also levied in specific state and local jurisdictions at varying rates. 
 In Canada, provincial governments regulate the production, marketing, distribution, selling and pricing of beer and other alcoholic beverage produced or imported into Canada (including the establishment of minimum prices), and impose commodity taxes, mark-ups and license fees in relation to its production, distribution and sale. In addition, the Canadian federal government regulates the advertising, labeling, quality control, and international trade of beer, and also imposes commodity taxes on both domestically produced and imported beer. In 2022, our Canadian business excise taxes, federal and provincial, were approximately 56 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. Further, certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government, provincial governments and certain foreign governments, especially within the U.S., affect the Canadian beer industry. 
 Most countries that are part of our EMEA APAC segment where we carry out significant brewing or distribution activities are either a member of the European Union ("EU") or a current candidate to join the EU. Montenegro is a potential 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 EU candidate and the U.K. left the EU during 2020. As such, there are similarities in the regulations that apply to many parts of our EMEA APAC segment's operations and products, including brewing, food safety, labeling and packaging, marketing and advertising, environmental, health and safety, employment and data protection and regulations. To operate breweries and conduct our business in these countries, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits and licenses from various governmental agencies. The government(s) of each country in which we sell our products levies excise taxes on alcohol beverages. EU member countries' laws on excise taxes are consistent with the EU Directives and use the same measurements based on either alcohol by volume or Plato degrees. Non-EU countries use various taxation methods, including flat excise rate per volume or methods that may be similar to those used in the EU. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the excise taxes for our EMEA APAC segment were approximately 43 per hectoliter on a reported basis. 
 People and Planet 
 Our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG pillars are People and Planet, and we have established goals and supporting initiatives for these pillars to attempt to ensure we are good stewards of the assets and resources most important to our business. More information about our strategy and progress can be found in our ESG Report, available at www.molsoncoors.com/sustainability. The information provided on our website (or any other website referred to in this report) is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference as part of this report. 
 Governance of our People and Planet Strategy 
 Our Board of Directors (the Board is responsible for overseeing and monitoring our overall ESG program, with specific areas of oversight delegated to the committees of the Board. The Board receives regular reports and recommendations from management and the Board committees to help guide our ESG strategy, from Planet goals related to water, packaging and climate change, to People initiatives focused on retaining and developing a diverse and talented workforce. At the management level, our ESG Leadership Steering Committee Steering Committee is composed of senior executives and is responsible for the evolution of our ESG strategy. Our Vice President of Sustainability EHS, which is a new role in our Company filled in 2022, works closely with the Steering Committee on ESG strategy development and initiative implementation and progress for our People and Planet focus areas. 
 Our executive leadership team and the chief people and diversity officers for the Americas and EMEA APAC segments are tasked with managing all employment-related matters including recruitment, retention, leadership and development, compensation planning, succession planning, performance management, and diversity, equity and inclusion. The Compensation and Human Resource Committee CHR Committee of the Board is responsible for establishing and reviewing the overall compensation philosophy of our Company and providing oversight on certain human capital matters, including our talent retention and development, leadership development, talent pipeline, programs and systems for performance management and Diversity, Equity Inclusion ("DEI") initiatives. Further, the CHR Committee is responsible for overseeing our progress against our social initiatives related to human capital management. 
 Putting People First 
 We believe that people are the heart of our Company and strive to create a culture where people are encouraged to and feel comfortable about bringing their diverse perspectives and experiences to the table. As a global company, we believe we have a responsibility to nurture a workforce that reflects our local communities, which we believe makes us a better employer, partner, and company of choice for our consumers and customers. 
 We have a global and varied workforce, with major employee centers in the U.S., Canada, the U.K. and Romania. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 16,600 employees within our business globally with approximately 10,000 within our Americas segment and 6,600 within our EMEA APAC segment. Approximately 650 of our employees are in our Global Business Services Centers based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Bucharest, Romania. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 31 and 24 of our Americas segment and EMEA APAC segment workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions or councils, which are subject to collective bargaining agreements that come due for renegotiation from time to time. 
 A significant component of our revitalization plan announced in October 2019 was to shift the culture of the organization to drive stronger employee and business engagement. In service of this, we refreshed our purpose (uniting people to celebrate all life s moments), ambition (first choice for our people, consumers and customers) and shared company values, the first of which is Putting People First. Some highlights of our progress in Putting People First include: 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 We believe DEI should be deeply embedded in our corporate culture and how we operate, from how we work together to how we grow as a company. In 2020, we created a new position of Vice President of Diversity, Equity Inclusion for the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Americas, and in 2021 we established a Diversity Inclusion Director role for EMEA APAC. We created roadmaps and action plans for the Americas and EMEA APAC based on an assessment of our existing culture, programs and talent management processes. In 2020, we established goals to increase diverse representation in the Company by 2023, with progress against those goals reported in our ESG Report. 
 Our 2022 initiatives and progress include: 
 Month of Inclusion - In order to further increase awareness around DEI issues, we launched a Month of Inclusion in 2021, which built on the Week of Inclusion we introduced in 2020. The Month of Inclusion continued in 2022 and brought together our U.S. and Canada employees, and our EMEA APAC employees, respectively, to focus on prioritizing inclusion, equity and workplace respect. The 2022 Month of Inclusion included a variety of presentations, interactive sessions and fireside chats with leaders and external experts that were centered around intersectionality. 
 Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs") - In the Americas, we promote and maintain ERGs for a number of different communities in our employee population by race/ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, early professionals, young families and veterans, amongst others. Our newest Americas ERG was established in 2022, Disabilities United. The ERGs are aimed to help foster a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our values and culture. In Western Europe, we created ERGs for gender, sexual orientation, disability and ethnicity and these groups are expected to play a key role in development of our strategy, initiatives and in encouraging and supporting all employees to bring their whole self to work. 
 EMEA APAC Governance Structure - In EMEA APAC, we have implemented a governance structure that strives to (i) link DEI to business strategy, (ii) demonstrate senior level accountability, (iii) provide a voice to diverse talent at all levels of our organization and (iv) allow for regional autonomy to attempt to assure relevancy. A Divisional DEI Council leads, advocates and is accountable for DEI progress in EMEA APAC and aims to provide a common, coordinated approach across the regions. Further, Regional DEI Councils, with representatives sitting on the Divisional DEI Council, then attempt to ensure divisional connectivity while recognizing the need for flexibility. Membership of these councils includes senior leaders and employee representatives. 
 Empathy Experience - Our Empathy Experience in the Americas is a highly interactive and emotional learning experience focused on building empathy between colleagues, within teams and across our organization. As part of the experience, our employees split up into small groups and visit different rooms in order to try and help them better understand the lived experience of certain diverse groups and communities. In the U.S., the 2022 Empathy Experience was aimed at exploring relationships and perceptions across five communities: Latino, Black, Women, LGBTQ and Asian Pacific. In Canada in 2022, we developed a unique "In Canada, For Canada" Empathy Experience. Through education, stories and activities, the participants in these empathy experiences explore how biases, microaggressions and stereotypes affect others in hopes of fostering a better connection through empathy. 
 Employee Wellbeing 
 We strive to be a provider of meaningful experiences and a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. 
 Wellness - We promote healthy lifestyles across our global enterprise by offering health benefits, wellness and work/life balance programs that are tailored to employees' needs and culture by work location. In the U.S. and Canada, employees can participate in our wellness programs that incentivize healthy habits and lifestyles. These resources include connections to virtual healthcare, remote fitness and wellness support, and a free employee assistance program for coping with stress, feelings of isolation and anxiety. In the EMEA APAC regions, we drive our employee wellbeing culture through a team made up of regional representatives who coordinate activities focused on the topics based on employee feedback. In 2022, these activities included certain wellness programs, as well as flexible work hours, wellness webinars and challenges, to further emphasize our wellbeing culture. 
 Health Safety - Our World Class Supply Chain framework contains an Environmental, Health Safety EHS commitment that supports proactive identification and control of EHS risks. We aim to prevent workplace injuries and illness and reduce environmental impacts of our operations through training and other methodologies. 
 Compensation and Benefits - We offer competitive, affordable and comprehensive benefits, which we routinely benchmark to try to ensure they are competitive, inclusive, aligned with our company culture and allow our employees to meet their individual needs and the needs of their families. Our Total Rewards program in general provides a competitive base salary, incentive plans, health, dental, and vision insurance plans, a deferred compensation option in certain regions with a potential employer match, paid time off plans, including parental leave policies in many locations, an engaging Wellness Program and an Employee Assistance Program. Our business units comply with applicable maternity leave laws and, in many countries, we go further to provide flexible work schedules and extended 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 leave for new parents. We believe our compensation rewards and incentive programs motivate us to be bold and decisive and ignite growth and hold us accountable for living out our values to achieve our short- and long-term goals. 
 Talent Development - Our aim is to help employees unlock their full potential so they can thrive in their current job and realize new, potential growth opportunities. In 2021, we launched a new talent planning experience designed to better understand each employee s ambitions and identify growth opportunities that fit their needs and the needs of the Company. We increased the scope of the talent development experience across the regions of EMEA APAC, and further built capability in our talent development experience across our business. We promote leadership and development opportunities which include our First Choice Learning Center in the Americas, in-person and online training programs, and experiential training opportunities to support employee health and safety, assist in building core competencies, share best practices, and develop leadership capabilities. In 2022, we launched a number of new programs to support the development of our high potential employees. Additionally, high potential employees in the regions of EMEA APAC were able to undergo leadership development through a range of formal programs, experiential focused talent development, coaching and mentoring. 
 Employee Engagement - We believe that engaging our employees, through surveys during the onboarding process and throughout the employee journey, provides us with valuable insight into how we can develop our company culture to help ensure that our people feel supported and able to thrive at our company. We gauge our employees sentiments through Employee Experience surveys three times a year in the Americas and biannually in EMEA APAC. In addition, our CEO regularly hosts live online question and answer sessions available to all employees. We believe these sessions also help create a company culture where open, honest dialogue is supported and encouraged, and where people are empowered to raise questions and concerns about our business and our culture. 
 Preserving the Planet 
 We have a long legacy of commitment to environmental sustainability, dating back to Bill Coors invention of the two-piece aluminum can in the late 1950s and implementation of some of the first recycling programs in the U.S. 
 In 2017, we launched Our Imprint 2025 Planet goals for climate and water and, in 2019, incorporated our ambition to make our packaging more sustainable. As further detailed in our annual ESG Report, we have set goals, which we aim to achieve by 2025, to: 
 Reduce our greenhouse gas emissions; 
 Reduce our water-to-product ratio, reduce the amount of water required to grow our barley, and restore water to key stressed watersheds in Colorado and Texas; 
 Make 100 of our packaging reusable, recyclable or compostable; and 
 Aim to ensure that our consumer-facing plastic packaging has a certain percentage of post-consumer recycled content. 
 As detailed in our annual ESG report, we continued the implementation of energy and water efficiency improvements across our facilities, including a multi-year renovation project of our Golden Colorado brewery, a renewables contract for our Fort Worth, Texas brewery and a wind-power based power purchase agreement in the U.K. In 2022, we also continued our partnership work to support water restoration activities in water-stressed portions of Texas and Colorado, as well as our Barley Growers program in the U.S. 
 Environmental Compliance Matters 
 Our operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have an impact on human health or the environment. Such laws, regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation, and for certain damages resulting from sites of past releases of hazardous materials. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. While we cannot predict our eventual aggregate cost for the environmental and related matters in which we may be or are currently involved, we believe that any payments, if required, for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our operating results, cash flows, or our financial or competitive position. We believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. However, there can be no assurance that environmental laws will not become more stringent in the future or that we will not incur material costs in the future in order to comply with such laws. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" under the caption " Environmental" for additional information regarding environmental matters. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Global Intellectual Property 
 We own trademarks on the majority of the brands we produce and have licenses for the remainder. We also hold several patent and design registrations with expiration dates through 2040 relating to brewing methods, beer dispensing systems, packaging and certain other innovations. We are not reliant on patent royalties for our financial success. Therefore, these expirations are not expected to have a significant impact on our business. 
 Available Information 
 We file with, or furnish to, the SEC reports, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website (www.sec.gov) and are also available free of charge on our corporate website (www.molsoncoors.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The foregoing website addresses are provided as inactive textual references only. The information provided on our website (or any other website referred to in this report) is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference as part of this report. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 21, 2023: 
 Name Age Position Gavin D.K. Hattersley 60 President and Chief Executive Officer Tracey I. Joubert 56 Chief Financial Officer Sergey Yeskov 46 President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors EMEA APAC Peter J. Marino 50 President, Emerging Growth Anne-Marie Wieland D'Angelo 46 Chief Legal Government Affairs Officer and Secretary Michelle E. St. Jacques 45 Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our Company involves risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this report. The risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. Investors are encouraged to read each risk factor as related and interconnected to the other risk factors set forth in this section. However, the risks set forth below are not a comprehensive description of the risks facing our Company. We may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial but may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Investors should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. If the following risks or uncertainties, individually or in combination, actually occur, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations or prospects. See also "Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995." 
 Risks Related to our Company and Operations 
 Deterioration of general economic, political, credit and/or capital market conditions, including those caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict or other geopolitical tensions, could adversely affect our financial performance, our ability to grow or sustain our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our ability to access the capital markets. We compete around the world in various geographic regions and product markets. Global economic and political conditions affect our business and the businesses of our customers, suppliers and consumers. Recessions, economic downturns, price instability, inflation, slowing economic growth and social and political instability in the markets where we compete could negatively affect our revenues and financial performance, and adversely impact our ability to grow or sustain our business. For example, current macroeconomic and political instability caused by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine (which we refer to as the "Russia-Ukraine conflict"), global supply chain disruptions and inflation have adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Specifically, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, has adversely affected the global economy, and the geopolitical tensions and conflicts it has generated and continues to generate negatively impact our operations. It has resulted in heightened economic sanctions from the U.S., the U.K., the European Union and the international community. As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, in 2022 we suspended all exports of any MCBC brands to Russia and we terminated the license to produce any of our brands in Russia, which may expose us to adverse legal proceedings. Even though our sales in Russia have 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 historically been limited, representing less than 0.2 of our 2021 consolidated net sales and less than 1 of our 2021 EMEA APAC net sales, and we have no physical assets in Russia, the effect of the Russia-Ukraine conflict due to the widespread impact has had and could continue to have a material adverse outcome on our business, financial condition, results of operations, supply chain, availability of critical supplies, intellectual property, partners, customers or employees. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, broader impacts that expand into other markets, cyberattacks, energy supply availability shortages, supply chain and logistics disruptions, lower consumer demand, and volatility in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. Similar geopolitical tensions and political conflicts could adversely impact our employees, financial performance and global operations, including by, among other things, jeopardizing the safety of our employees and facilities, disrupting our and our partners production, supply chain and logistics and communications, and causing market volatility, which could adversely impact consumer demand and our sales. More broadly, there could be additional negative impacts to our financial results if the Russia-Ukraine conflict worsens, including, among other potential impacts, economic recessions in certain neighboring countries or globally due to inflationary pressures, including with respect to food, energy and supply chain cost increases or shortages, or the geographic proximity of the conflict relative to the rest of Europe. In addition, the effects of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict could amplify or affect many of our other risks described elsewhere in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, the capital and credit markets provide us with liquidity to operate and grow our business beyond the liquidity that operating cash flows provide, which can vary from period to period. A global or regional economic downturn or disruption of the credit markets could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets necessary for our operations and to execute our strategic plan. If our access to capital on terms commercially acceptable to us were to become significantly constrained, or if costs of capital increased significantly, then our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Further, continued disruption and declines in the global economy have impacted and could continue to impact our customers' liquidity and capital resources and therefore our ability to collect, or the timeliness of collection of our accounts receivable from them, which may have a material adverse impact on our performance, cash flows and capital resources. 
 Our operations are dependent on the global supply chain and face significant exposure to changes in commodity and other input prices, and impacts of supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures could adversely impact our operating results. We depend on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure reliable and sufficient supply of quality products. Our business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by supply chain constraints, including as a result of raw materials and ingredient shortages, longer lead times, port congestion and increased freight costs caused, in part, by the coronavirus pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the uncertain economic environment worldwide. These supply chain constraints also put significant inflationary pressures on commodity and other input prices. In addition, current proposed or future governmental policies may increase the risk of inflation, which could further increase the costs of raw materials and other components for our business. We use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials, some of which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties, to produce our products, including barley, malted barley, hops, corn, other various starches, water and packaging materials, including aluminum cans and bottles, glass and polyethylene terephthalate containers as well as cardboard and other paper products. We also use a significant amount of diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity and carbon dioxide in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market demand, inflation, alternative sources for suppliers, global geopolitical events, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict (especially as to their impact on energy supply prices in general, including crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices), global or regional disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic, trade agreements among producing and consuming nations, governmental regulations (including tariffs), frosts, droughts and other weather conditions, changes in precipitation patterns, the frequency of extreme weather events, economic factors affecting growth decisions, plant diseases, theft and industry surcharges and other practices. 
 Similarly, if the costs of goods continue to increase, our suppliers may seek price increases from us. If we are unable to mitigate the impact of these matters through customer price increases, cost savings to offset cost increases, hedging arrangements, or other measures, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. If our competitors maintain or substantially lower their prices, we may lose customers or mark down prices. Our profitability may be impacted by prices that do not offset the inflationary pressures, which may impact our gross margins. Even if we are able to raise the prices of our products, we may not be able to sustain such price increases and consumers might react negatively to such price increases, which could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our brand, reputation and sales. Temporary or sustained price increases may also lead to a decrease in demand for our products as competitors may not adjust their prices or consumers may decide not to pay higher prices for our products, which could lead to a decline in sales volume and loss of market share. Our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Even though our businesses are working to alleviate supply chain constraints through various measures, such as sourcing from additional suppliers and using alternative delivery methods or materials, we are unable to predict the impact of these constraints on the timing of revenue and operating costs of our business in the near future. Packaging material supply shortages and supply chain constraints, including cost inflation, have impacted and could continue to negatively impact our ability to meet increased demand in off-premise channels or particular packages which in turn could impact our net sales and market share. In addition, in 2021 and 2022, shortages of raw materials and disruption to the global supply chain negatively impacted sales, costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. 
 In the U.S., we are exposed to variability in the market price of a regional premium differential (which we refer to as the Midwest Premium charged by industry participants to deliver aluminum from the smelter to the manufacturing facility. This premium differential fluctuates in relation to several conditions, including the supply of and demand for aluminum in a particular region, associated transportation costs and warehouse financing transactions, which limit the amount of physical aluminum available to consumers and increases the price differential as a result. During periods of greater volatility in the Midwest Premium, the variability in our cost of goods sold can also increase. In addition to impacting the prices of raw materials, a constant or periodic change in the Midwest Premium differentials may impact our end consumers as we must either pass on the increased costs to our consumers or decrease our profit margins. Increases in the Midwest Premium, or the inability to pass through any fluctuation in aluminum prices or regional premiums to our end consumers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 Geopolitical tensions, the ongoing coronavirus pandemic and related governmental and port facility actions have caused delays in shipments of our products and supplies. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we and our suppliers experienced disruptions that impacted our supply chain and increased global lead-time for our products, including port congestion, temporary closures and worker shortages. Further, we distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by truck or rail. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, higher transportation and costs despite our efforts to reduce the impact of these higher costs. Higher transportation costs are a result of increased fuel and labor prices and freight costs, as well as reduced trucking capacity due to driver shortages. In addition, global inflation has contributed to already higher incremental freight costs and such inflation may continue to result in higher freight costs. Reduced availability of trucking or rail capacity may also result from an increase in competition for transportation of products and has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur unanticipated expenses, such as using the spot market. Any efforts to pay spot market prices, which are higher than they have been in many years, or similar methods could adversely impact our business and financial results. Failure to adequately produce and timely ship our products to customers could lead to lost potential revenue, failure to meet customer demand, strained relationships with customers, including wholesalers, and diminished brand loyalty. Similarly, failure to adequately produce and timely ship our products to customers and consumers could lead to lost potential revenue, failure to meet consumer demand, strained relationships with customers and consumers and diminished brand loyalty. 
 Weak, or weakening of, economic, social or other conditions in the markets in which we do business, including cost inflation and reductions in discretionary consumer spending, could adversely impact demand for our products or cause consumers to suffer financial hardship, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Beer consumption in some of our markets could be closely tied to general economic conditions and a significant portion of our portfolio consists of premium and above premium brands. Difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets, such as further decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases in inflation, energy costs, income (and other) taxes and the cost of living, increased and prolonged unemployment or a further decline in consumer confidence, in each case, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict or other geopolitical tension, as well as limited or significantly reduced points of access of our product, political or economic instability or other country-specific factors, could continue to have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. 
 For example, under difficult or deteriorating economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products by shifting away from our premium and above premium products to lower-priced products offered by us or other companies or by shifting to off-premise from on-premise consumption, negatively impacting our net sales and margins. A significant portion of our consolidated net sales are concentrated in the U.S., Canada and countries in Europe, which represent the majority of net sales within our Americas and EMEA APAC segments. Therefore, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, such as inflationary pressures, a recession or continued slowed economic growth in the U.S., Canada or countries in Europe, could negatively affect consumer demand for our product in these important markets, which consequently, may negatively affect the results of operations in our Americas and EMEA APAC segments. Softer consumer demand for our products could reduce our profitability and would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Loss, operational disruptions or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, including those of our suppliers, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our business could be interrupted and our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, floods, acts of war, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks and other disruptions in information systems, such as the March 2021 cybersecurity incident, disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic, and other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage, disrupt or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. If any of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay, disrupt or reduce production, shipments and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties. Such significant disruptions could be due to, among other things: 
 the loss or disruption of the timely availability of adequate supplies of essential raw materials for us and our suppliers, including single-source suppliers; 
 our ability to integrate new suppliers into our operations; 
 material financial issues facing our suppliers, such as bankruptcy or similar proceedings; 
 transportation and logistics challenges, including as a result of port and border closures and other governmental restrictions and the availability and capacity of shipping channels as customers may shift to increased online shopping; 
 the loss or disruption of other manufacturing, distribution and supply capabilities; 
 the loss or disruption of the energy sources or suppliers in Europe due to supply shortages as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, including price increases in the energy market; 
 labor shortages, strikes or work stoppages; 
 the loss or disruption of the supply of carbon dioxide gas; 
 acts of war and terrorism 
 illness to our employees or their families or governmental restrictions on such employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions; or 
 as a result of the need for us or our suppliers to operate our respective businesses with substantial modifications to employee travel and employee work locations. 
 We experienced certain of the foregoing risks and losses in connection with the March 2021 cybersecurity incident and the coronavirus pandemic. Additionally, certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies, which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. Our business and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity, including contract brewing and effect on the priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. Further, significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines could result in under-utilization of our assets, which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. For example, as part of a strategic review of our supply chain network, certain breweries and bottling lines were closed in recent years, and we have incurred brewery closure costs, including charges associated with the closure of the Irwindale brewery in 2020, which was subsequently sold to Pabst Brewing Company, LLC in the fourth quarter of 2020. We regularly review our supply chain network to ensure that our supply chain capacity is aligned with the needs of the business. Such reviews could potentially result in further closures and the related costs could be material. 
 Cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems, and violations of data privacy laws and regulations could disrupt our business operations and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Our information systems may be the target of cyber-attacks or other security breaches, which, if successful, could, among other things, disrupt our operations, applications and services, cause the loss of key business, employee, customer or vendor information, cause us to breach our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, prevent us from accessing or relying upon critical business records, cause reputational damage, or impact the costs or ability to obtain adequate insurance coverage. These incidents may result from human errors, equipment failure, or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties. The risk of cyber threats or cyberattacks increases as we rely more on digital partners, including supply-chain partners integrated into our business, who may also be the target of cyberattacks or other security breaches. If our information systems suffer severe disruption, damage, or shutdown we could experience delays and disruptions in our business, including brewery operations, production and shipments and delays in reporting our financial results, such as those we experienced with the March 2021 cybersecurity incident, which could adversely affect our cash flows, competitive position, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. A breach of our information systems, such as the March 2021 cybersecurity incident could subject us to litigation, including class action or derivative lawsuits, regulatory fines, and penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results or reputation. We have seen an increase in the number of cyberattacks due, in part, to the large number 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 of our employees that are working and accessing our technology infrastructure remotely because of shifts in working arrangements primarily as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. In addition, the March 2021 cybersecurity incident may embolden other individuals or groups to target our information systems and impact the costs or ability for us to obtain adequate insurance coverages moving forward. Furthermore, continued geopolitical turmoil, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. 
 We expend significant financial resources to protect against cyber threats and cyberattacks. We may be required to incur further costs to alleviate problems and remedy damage caused by physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches, including the potential for increased ongoing expenses related to the March 2021 cybersecurity incident, and to address possible increased information system attacks as a result of the incident, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures could be circumvented regardless of our expenditures and protection efforts. We could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, we incurred certain incremental one-time costs of 2.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 related to consultants, experts and data recovery efforts, net of insurance recoveries. Although we attempt to vigorously monitor and mitigate against cyber risks, including through leveraging multi-sourced threat intelligence and investing in new technologies, we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyberattacks or other cybersecurity incidents. 
 Misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, California Privacy Rights Act, which took effect on January 1, 2023, or the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, which took effect on January 1, 2023, damage our reputation and credibility or expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, loss of existing or potential future customers and/or increases in our security costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight or consumers may avoid our brands due to negative publicity. In the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, even if encrypted, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data. Further, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss. 
 The success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property. It is important that we maintain and enhance the image and reputation of our existing brands and products, including our corporate purpose, mission and values. Concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and the reputation of our brands and products. While we have quality control programs in place, in the event we or our third-party manufacturers experience an issue with product quality or if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded or cause injury, we may experience recalls or liability in addition to business disruption which could further negatively impact our brand image and reputation, negatively affect our sales and cause us to incur additional costs. A widespread product recall, multiple product recalls or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time, which could further reduce consumer demand and brand equity. We also could be exposed to lawsuits relating to product liability, marketing or sales practices or intellectual property infringement. Our brand image and reputation may also be difficult to protect due to less oversight and control as a result of outsourcing some of our operations internationally or entering new or different product lines. If we are unable to address and uphold our plans with respect to our ESG initiatives or actions by and attitudes of regulators and the public health community, our image and brand equity may deteriorate, which may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 In addition, because our brands carry family names or we may partner with celebrities or other famous sponsors, personal activities by certain members of the Molson or Coors families, our promotional partners or business partners that harm their public image or reputation could also have an adverse effect on our brands or our reputation. Our brand image and reputation may be negatively impacted by our ability to navigate social media campaigns and trends in pursuit of various dynamic issues facing society on regional and global levels across the markets in which we operate. 
 Further, our success is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and know-how. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights or that other parties may claim that our brands infringe on their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The global beer industry and the broader alcohol industry are constantly evolving, and our position within the global beer industry and the success of our products in our markets may fundamentally change. If we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry, market dynamics and consumer preferences, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly consolidated global beer market. For many years, the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export, license and partnership arrangements. In contrast, it has now become increasingly complex and competitive as the consolidation of brewers has resulted in fewer major market participants. As a result of the increased global consolidation of brewers and the dynamic of an expanding new segment within the industry with new market entrants, the markets in which we operate, particularly the more mature markets, may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position. In addition, local governments may intervene, which may fundamentally accelerate transformational changes to such markets. For example, the beer markets in the U.S. and Canada have long consisted of a select number of significant market participants with government-regulated routes to market. However, evolution in these markets and our other beer markets, together with emerging changes to consumer preferences, have resulted in a significant increase in market entrants, consumer choices and market competition, as well as increased government scrutiny. 
 Our Coors Light and Miller Lite brands in the Americas, and Carling, Staropramen, Ozujsko, Bergenbier and Coors brands in EMEA APAC represented more than half of each respective segment's sales volumes in 2022. Additionally, several of our brands represent a significant share of their respective market and, therefore, continued volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. Consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Furthermore, the broader alcohol industry is experiencing a shift in drinking preferences and behaviors of consumers due to, among others, changing taste preferences, changing demographics, downturns in economic conditions or perceived value, as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands and the brands of our competitors due to negative publicity, regulatory actions or litigation. There has been more attention focused on health concerns and the harmful consumption of alcoholic beverages, which could result in a change in the social acceptability of beer and other alcoholic beverages, which could materially impact the consumption of beer, other alcoholic beverages and, consequently, our sales. If we are unsuccessful in evolving with, and navigating through, these changes to the markets in which we operate, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Specifically, the markets in which we operate have experienced vast expansion in above premium products, specifically in flavored malt beverages (including hard seltzers), ready-to-drink beverages, spirit-based beverages, craft beer, cider, CBD and other cannabis beverages and other similar beverages. If our competitors are able to respond more quickly to the evolving trends within those and similar beverage categories, or if our new products in these categories are not successful, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted. In addition, Canada has passed, and certain states in the U.S. have passed or are considering passing, laws and regulations that allow the sale and distribution of cannabis. It is not possible to predict the impact that widespread adoption of laws and regulations permitting the sale and distribution of cannabis may have on sales of our alcoholic beverages, but it is possible that legal cannabis usage could adversely impact the demand for our products. 
 In Canada, changes to interprovincial trade rules, regulations, distribution models, and packaging requirements, such as government-owned retail outlets and industry standard returnable bottles, may be disadvantageous to us. Currently, in Ontario and other provinces, provincial governments are reviewing and, in some cases, changing this historical foundation as a result of this market evolution and increased demand by some for government's intervention to remove distribution regulations, including potential changes to the beer distribution and the retail systems in Ontario as discussed below. In addition, along with other brewers in Canada, we currently use an industry standard returnable bottle which represents approximately 25 of total volume sales (excluding imports) in Canada. Changes to the Industry Standard Bottle Agreement could impact our use of the industry standard returnable bottle. If we cease to use the industry standard returnable bottle in Canada, our current bottle inventory and a portion of our bottle packaging equipment could become obsolete and could result in a material write-off of these assets. 
 Our products also generally compete with other alcoholic beverages. We compete with other beer and alcoholic beverage companies not only for legal age drinker acceptance and loyalty, but also for shelf, cold box and tap space in retail establishments and for marketing focus by our distributors and their customers, all of which also distribute and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage products. If we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry and market dynamics and consumer preferences, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 Competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In many of our markets, our primary competitors may have greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than we do, and may be more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. Furthermore, our competitors may respond to industry 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and economic conditions and shifts in consumer behaviors more rapidly or effectively than us. In order for us to remain competitive, we will need to quickly and correctly adopt digital technologies, build analytical capabilities and scale brand expense investment levels, which our competitors may be able to achieve faster and with more resources. In all of the markets in which we operate, aggressive marketing strategies, such as reduced pricing, brand positioning, and increased capital or other investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, continuing consolidation among major global brewers and between brewers and other beverage companies and convergence of beverage categories may lead to stronger or new competitors, loss of partner brands, negative impacts on our distributor networks, alternate distribution networks and pressures from marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. Further consolidation of distributors in our industry could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the markets in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes our brands' value, as well as reduce our ability to manage our pricing effectively and efficiently. Additionally, due to competition with brewers and other beverage companies, an increase in the purchasing power of our large competitors may cause further pricing pressures which could prevent us from increasing prices to recover higher costs necessary to compete. Such pressures could have a material adverse impact on our business and our financial results and market share. Failure to generate cost savings and margin improvement through our ongoing initiatives could adversely affect our profitability. Increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets, as well as the need for increased capital investment, marketing and other expenditures could result in lower profitability or loss of market share and volumes. We may also face inflationary pressures that may negatively influence our or our competitors' prices and reduce margins on our products. Moreover, most of our major markets are mature, so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our global competitors who may already be in such markets. For example, net sales in our Americas segment accounted for approximately 81 of our total 2022 net sales. As a result, to the extent that we are unable to maintain or grow our market share in our mature markets, our sales and, in turn, business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our success as an enterprise depends on our ability to successfully and timely innovate beyond beer, and any inability to deliver new products could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. As part of our revitalization plan, our future topline growth will depend, in part, on our ability to timely innovate and develop new products beyond traditional beer. In connection with our revitalization plan, we plan to continue to innovate, test and scale products faster than we have before. In addition, we also rely on certain arrangements with partner brands for innovation, development and growth in new products beyond beer. However, the launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of incremental or on-time costs and an unsuccessful launch or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could, among other things, affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation as well as result in inventory write-offs and other costs. Our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors products, especially over time, could have a material adverse effect on our growth, business and financial results. 
 Changes in the social acceptability, perceptions and the political view of the beverage categories in which we operate, including alcohol and cannabis, could adversely affect our business. In recent years, there has been an increase in public and political attention on health and well-being as they relate to alcoholic beverages and the other categories in which we operate, including cannabis. In addition, the alcoholic beverage industry is regularly the subject of anti-alcohol activist activity related to health concerns from the harmful consumption of alcohol, concerns regarding underage drinking, and exposure to alcohol advertisements. Negative publicity regarding alcoholic beverages and changes in consumer perceptions in relation to beer, other alcoholic, CBD, or other cannabinoid beverages could adversely affect the sale and consumption of our products, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. The changing legal landscape with respect to cannabis and the lack of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace. Additionally, the concerns around alcohol, CBD and cannabis as well as health and well-being could result in unfavorable regulations or other legal requirements in certain markets in which we operate, such as advertising, selling and other restrictions, increased taxes associated with our sales, or the establishment of minimum unit pricing. Any such regulations or requirements could change consumer and customer purchasing patterns and may require us to incur significant compliance costs, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. In particular, advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis, seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring actions against us, to substantially curtail the consumption of alcohol, including beer, in developed and developing markets. To the extent such views gain traction in regulations of jurisdictions in which we do or plan to do business, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, in February 2021, the European Union published its Europe Beating Cancer Plan. As part of the plan, by the end of 2023, the European Union has indicated it will issue a proposal for mandatory health warnings on alcohol beverage product labels. In addition, Ireland passed a law requiring new health warning labels on our products. 
 Due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or trade councils, we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 31 and 24 of 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 our Americas and EMEA APAC workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions or councils. Stringent labor laws in certain of our key markets expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in those markets. A prolonged labor strike, work stoppage, unionization efforts or other employee-related issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, in the first few months of 2021, we experienced a labor disruption with our Toronto brewery unionized employees resulting from on-going negotiations of the collective bargaining agreement. This labor disruption resulted in slightly slower than expected production at the Toronto brewery in the first few months of 2021. From time to time, our collective bargaining agreements come due for renegotiation, and, if we are unable to timely complete negotiations, affected employees may strike, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 There were four collective bargaining agreements in Qu bec that expired at the end of 2021. In late 2021 and in 2022, we began negotiating one of these collective bargaining agreements with our Montreal unionized distribution and brewery employees. At the end of March through mid-June 2022, approximately 400 unionized employees in our Montreal/Longueuil, Qu bec brewery and distribution centers went on strike, which adversely affected our business, operations and financial results during the second and third quarters of 2022. As of the third quarter of 2022, we successfully negotiated all four collective bargaining agreements in Qu bec that expired at the end of 2021. Two of the four collective bargaining agreements in Qu bec expire on December 31, 2026 and the remaining two collective bargaining agreements expire on December 31, 2027. Despite these new agreements, there may be additional labor strikes, work stoppages, unionization efforts or other employee-related issues, either prior to or following the expiration of these agreements, each of which could significantly affect our business and financial results. 
 ESG issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their ESG practices and policies. Increased focus and activism related to ESG may hinder our access to capital or negatively impact our stock price, as investors may reconsider their capital investment based on their assessment of our ESG practices and policies. In particular, investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, stockholders, employees, consumers, customers, regulators, proxy advisory services and other market participants have increasingly focused on ESG practices and policies of companies, including sustainability performance and risk mitigation efforts. These stakeholders have placed increased importance on ESG practices and their effect on companies from an investor, consumer, customer or employee perspective. If our ESG practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards or evolving regulatory requirements, our stock price, brand, sales, ability to access capital markets, reputation and employee retention, among other things, may be negatively affected. 
 In addition, as part of Our Imprint 2025 strategy, we published goals across a range of ESG areas, including environmental sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") matters. If we do not adapt to or comply with new ESG regulations, such as those related to climate change, carbon emissions and related ESG disclosure requirements, or fail to meet the ESG goals under Our Imprint 2025 strategy or evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards, or if we are perceived (whether or not valid) to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial results may be adversely affected. Although we intend to meet these goals, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of these goals, or for any revisions to our goals. Moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our Company and our stockholders to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current goals based on economic, technological developments, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. If we are unable to meet these goals, then we could incur adverse publicity and reaction from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of us and our products and services by current and potential customers, as well as investors, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Climate change and other weather events may negatively affect our business and financial results. There is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in global weather patterns and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Global climate change could have various impacts on our operations, ranging from more frequent extreme weather events to extensive governmental policy developments, which have the potential individually or collectively to significantly disrupt our business as well as negatively affect our suppliers, supply chain and customers. Changing weather patterns and more volatile weather conditions could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions that may impact quality, limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as hops, barley and other cereal grains, which are important ingredients for our products. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions, including power disruptions due to the foregoing, could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain, distribution networks and routes to market, or impact demand for our products, any of which may cause us to experience additional costs to maintain or resume operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Public concern over climate change has resulted in, and may continue to result in, new or increased regional, federal and global legal and regulatory requirements, including taxation, to reduce or mitigate carbon emissions and to limit or impose additional costs on carbon and water usage or other climate-related objectives. In the event that such regulation is more stringent than current regulatory obligations, or the measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor and improve our resource efficiency, we may experience disruptions in, or increases in our costs of, operation and delivery to comply with new regulatory requirements due to investments in facilities and equipment or the relocation of our facilities. If we or our suppliers are required to comply with these laws and regulations, or if we choose to take additional voluntary steps to reduce or mitigate our impact on the climate, we may experience increased costs for energy, production, transportation, and raw materials, increased capital expenditures, or increased insurance premiums and deductibles, each of which could adversely impact our operations. In particular, proposed, new or inconsistent regulation and taxation of fuel and energy could increase the cost of complying with such laws and regulations as well as the cost of operation, including fuel required to operate our facilities or transport and distribute our products, thereby increasing the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate. 
 Beyond the commercial pressures implicated by climate change concerns, our operations may face potential adverse physical effects. For example, we have a major brewery in the state of Colorado, which has recently experienced several significant wildfires, and we have another major brewery in Texas, which experienced a severe winter weather event in 2021. If any of our properties and production facilities experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss due to natural disasters or severe weather events, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments, and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties, which may negatively affect our business and financial results. 
 An inadequate supply or availability of quality water could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our sales, production processes, other costs and, in turn, profitability. Quality water is a key ingredient in our brewing process. Clean water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and climate change may increase water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. The competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities and communities in which we or our suppliers manufacture our other products. Even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. Further, unavailability of clean water at our breweries or our other facilities or the facilities of our suppliers could limit our ability to brew, which could cause a decrease in production. 
 We have substantial brewery operations in the states of Colorado and Texas, which have been areas vulnerable to water scarcity conditions. Certain western states in the U.S. are experiencing an extended drought, which can impact the quality and quantity of agricultural ingredients such as barley and hops. The continuation or recurrence of such conditions could have an adverse effect upon our agricultural supply chain. We and our suppliers are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries and key facilities and the key facilities of our significant suppliers. The suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their fields. A substantial reduction in water in certain agricultural areas could result in material losses of crops, such as barley or hops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply. If water available to our operations or the operations of our suppliers becomes scarce or the quality of that water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face production constraints, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We depend on key personnel, the loss of whom could harm our business, and labor shortages, employee turnover and wage increases could significantly impact our operations. The loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. Our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. If we were to experience turnover of senior management or if a member of our senior management were to become ill or incapacitated, our stock price, our results of operations, our commercial and supply chain operations and our vendor or customer relationships could each be adversely impacted and such events may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. The labor market for many of our employees is very competitive, and wages and compensation costs continue to increase. Our ability to attract and retain key talent has been, and may continue to be, impacted by challenges in the labor market, particularly in the U.S., which has recently been experiencing wage inflation, labor shortages, a continued shift toward remote work and the continued effects of the coronavirus pandemic. In addition, labor costs in the U.S. are rising and our industry is experiencing a shortage of qualified workers. If we face labor shortages and/or increased labor costs as a result of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, or increases in employee benefits costs, our operating expenses could increase, which could negatively impact our growth and results of operations. Labor shortages, higher employee turnover rates and labor union organizing efforts could also lead to disruptions in our business, as discussed above. In addition, we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization, or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition, in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key management 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new management becomes familiar with our business. 
 Because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business. We rely extensively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware and software configuration. Additionally, we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits, as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting, legal and tax requirements. As information systems are critical to many of our operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, obsolescence, or security threats or breaches. Furthermore, the importance of such information technology systems and networks has increased due to many of our employees working remotely as a result of our changing workplace dynamics. Additionally, if any of our significant service providers were to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Impacts related to the coronavirus pandemic have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt our operations, which has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. The global coronavirus pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. Our business has been and could continue to be, materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic and related weak, or weakening of, economic or other conditions, particularly in regions where we derive a significant amount of our revenue or profit or where our suppliers and business partners are located, including those in regions of our Americas segment and EMEA APAC segment. Therefore, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and any resulting recession or slowed economic growth, have had, and could continue to have, an outsized negative impact on us, including changes in consumer behavior as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and related governmental or societal impositions of restrictions on public gatherings. Moreover, our operations could be disrupted by labor shortages due to our employees or employees of our business partners, including our supply chain partners, being diagnosed with the coronavirus or its related variants. The extent to which the coronavirus pandemic continues to impact our results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the resurgence of the coronavirus and its related variants, the efficacy of the vaccine and related vaccination efforts and the impact on the economic activity and regulatory actions taken to mitigate the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. The potential resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or other diseases that impact regional or global markets in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Further, the impact of the coronavirus pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs and contributions could unfavorably affect our business, liquidity and our financial results. Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans' assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, exchange rate fluctuations, government regulation, court rulings or other changes in legal requirements, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. Although we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. These funding requirements also may require contributions even when there is no reported deficit. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets, and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations (or the timing of such contributions) could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, credit rating, cost of borrowing, financial position and/or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness, Capital Structure and Financial Condition 
 Our significant debt level subjects us to financial and operating risks, and the agreements governing such debt subject us to financial and operating covenants and restrictions. Our indebtedness subjects us to various financial and operating covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on priority indebtedness, leverage thresholds, liens, certain types of secured debt and certain types of sale lease-back transactions and transfers of assets, each of which may limit our flexibility in responding to our business needs. If we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial covenants or if we breach other covenants in any debt agreement, we could be in default under such agreement or trigger a cross-default of other debt instruments. Such a default would adversely affect our credit ratings, may allow our creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our significant debt level and the terms of such debt could, among other things: 
 make it more difficult to satisfy our obligations under the terms of our indebtedness; 
 limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all; 
 limit our flexibility to plan for and adjust to changing business and market conditions, including successfully execute our revitalization plan, and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, such as the economic climate caused by the Russia-Ukraine conflict; 
 require us to make unfavorable changes to our financing structure; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund strategic opportunities, including acquisitions or other investments, working capital, business activities, and other general corporate requirements; 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic opportunities, including acquisitions or other investments, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward; and 
 adversely impact our competitive position in the industry. 
 In addition, certain of our current and future debt and derivative financial instruments have or, in the future, could have interest rates that are tied to reference interest rates. The volatility and availability of such reference rates are out of our control. Additionally, the discontinuation, replacement or reform of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), could affect our interest rates and financing costs. LIBOR is being discontinued and is scheduled to be fully phased-out by June 2023. In October 2021, we amended the agreement governing our revolving credit facility and replaced LIBOR as the reference interest rate with the Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), for borrowings denominated in Pound Sterling and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), for borrowings denominated in Euros. It is unclear, however, if alternative rates or benchmarks, such as SONIA and EURIBOR, will be widely adopted, and this uncertainty may impact the liquidity of the SONIA and EURIBOR debt markets. SONIA and EURIBOR may be more volatile than LIBOR, and there may be uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates or as to the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amounts under the terms of an agreement or instrument that utilizes such rates or benchmarks. We have strategized and may continue to strategize and amend any current or future contracts to accommodate this transition away from LIBOR. While we do not expect the transition from LIBOR and the risks related thereto to have a material adverse effect on us, it remains uncertain at this time. 
 A deterioration in our credit rating could increase our borrowing rates or have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain future financing or refinance current debt. Ratings agencies may downgrade our credit ratings below their current investment grade levels if we are, or are at risk of being, unable to meet our deleveraging commitments. Although we have publicly expressed our intention to maintain an investment grade debt rating, ratings are determined by third-party rating agencies and in some cases the events that may cause us to suffer a ratings downgrade are unpredictable and outside of our control, such as the economic climate caused by the coronavirus pandemic and its impact on our business. A credit ratings downgrade, particularly a downgrade below investment grade, could increase our costs of future borrowing, negatively impact our hedging instruments or sources of short-term liquidity and harm our ability to refinance our debt in the future on acceptable terms or access the capital markets. Deterioration of our credit rating may also raise governance issues within the Company and with external regulators. 
 Default by, or failure of, one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses. As part of our risk management activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including, among others, forward contracts, commodity swap contracts and option contracts, with various financial institutions. In addition, we have significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the U.S. and abroad. As a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by, or failure of, counterparty financial institutions. The risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets, including as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. If one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to retrieve our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. 
 We may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In connection with various business combinations, we have historically allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 to have indefinite useful lives. For example, as a result of our acquisition in October 2016 of the remaining portion of MillerCoors LLC (which we refer to as the "Acquisition"), we allocated approximately 6.3 billion and 7.6 billion to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively. These assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. Additionally, in conjunction with the brand impairment tests, we also reassess each brand's indefinite-life classification. Potential resulting charges from an impairment of goodwill or brand intangible, as well as reclassification of an indefinite-lived to a definite-lived brand intangible, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, the results of our annual goodwill impairment testing completed as of October 1, 2022, indicated that the fair value of our Americas reporting unit was below its carrying value. As a result, we recorded a partial impairment charge of 845.0 million recorded within goodwill impairment, in our consolidated statements of operations during the fourth quarter of 2022. Furthermore, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded an impairment charge of approximately 1.5 billion related to our EMEA APAC reporting unit. As of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Americas reporting unit was partially impaired and the EMEA APAC reporting unit was fully impaired. 
 Our most recent impairment analysis, conducted as of October 1, 2022, the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter, indicated that the carrying value of the Americas reporting unit was determined to be in excess of its fair value such that an impairment loss of 845.0 million was recorded. Due to the current year testing that resulted in a partial impairment, it was determined that the fair value of the Americas reporting unit is considered to be at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including macroeconomic risks like the continued prolonged weakening of economic conditions and cost inflation along with company-specific risks like the performance of our above premium transformation efforts and overall market performance of new innovations and our expansion in products beyond-the-beer aisle, or significant unfavorable changes in income tax rates, environmental or other regulations, including interpretations thereof), terminal growth rates, market multiples or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. Although the fair values of our indefinite-lived intangible assets are in excess of their carrying values, the fair values are sensitive to the aforementioned potential changes that could have an adverse impact on future analyses. Any future impairment of the Americas reporting unit or our indefinite-lived intangible assets, or reclassification of indefinite-lived intangible assets to definite-lived, may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, as evidenced by the charges incurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2020, as previously noted above. The testing of our goodwill for impairment is also predicated upon our determination of the reporting units. Any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. See Part II Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, "Critical Accounting Estimates" and Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for additional information related to the results of our annual impairment testing. 
 The estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause our actual results to materially differ from such projections, which may adversely affect our future profitability, cash flows and stock price. Our financial projections, including any sales or earnings guidance or outlook we may provide from time to time, are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related to, among other things, our revitalization plan, category growth, development and launch of innovative new products, market share projections, product pricing, sales, volume and product mix, foreign exchange rates and volatility, tax rates, interest rates, commodity prices, distribution through truck versus railcar, cost savings, accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves, measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, repurchase our stock, make acquisitions, invest in joint ventures, pay dividends and meet debt obligations. In addition, our ability to achieve our revitalization plan goals, and the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of our restructuring activities, are subject to various assumptions and uncertainties. There is no assurance that we will fully realize the anticipated costs and other benefits of our restructuring activities or execute successfully on our revitalization plan in the time frames we desire or at all. Our financial projections are based on historical experience and on various other estimates and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made, and our actual results may differ materially from our financial projections, especially in light of the increased difficulty in making such estimates and assumptions as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. Any material variation between our financial projections and our actual results may adversely affect our future profitability, cash flows and stock price. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the input materials, in particular the packaging materials, we need to operate our business. The inability to obtain materials or disruptions at the facilities of our suppliers could unfavorably affect our ability to produce our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We purchase certain types of input and other packaging materials, including aluminum cans and bottles, glass bottles, paperboard and carbon dioxide from a small number of suppliers. The demand for such input materials in the beverage industry has significantly increased, and there has been a shortage of capacity and increases in costs. In addition, consolidation of 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 packaging materials suppliers has reduced local supply alternatives and increased risks of supply disruptions. The inability of any of these suppliers to meet our production requirements without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, if the financial condition of these suppliers deteriorates, our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. Our suppliers financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control, including: 
 competitive and general market conditions in the locations in which they operate; 
 the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; 
 loss of major customers; 
 disruptions of bottling operations that may be caused by strikes, work stoppages, labor unrest or natural disasters; 
 the price of certain ingredients and raw materials used in our products to increase and/or we may experience disruptions to our operations; or 
 any of the foregoing, among other things, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic or otherwise. 
 A deterioration of the financial condition or results of operations of one or more of our major suppliers could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Termination or changes of one or more manufacturer, distribution or production agreements, or issues caused by our dependence on the parties to these agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We manufacture and distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint venture, licensing, distribution, contract brewing or other similar arrangements, such as our agreement to produce, import, market, distribute and sell certain Heineken brands in Canada, and our arrangements with ABI to brew and distribute Beck's , Stella Artois , and Lowenbrau and to distribute Hoegaarden , Leffe , and Corona in Central Europe. We also have agreements with Asahi for the production and import of Pilsner Urquell and Peroni Nastro Azurro into the U.S. under a perpetual royalty-free license. In addition, we produce, market, sell and distribute the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and Simply Spiked branded products pursuant to authorizations from The Coca-Cola Company. These agreements have varying expiration dates and performance criteria, with several agreements approaching expiration in the near future. The non-renewal or loss of one or more of these arrangements, because of failure to perform or failure to agree to terms of an extension, or as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. As part of our efforts to streamline operations and to manage capital investments, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers orders on a timely basis. The ability of these third parties to perform is largely outside of our control. If one or more of these parties experiences a significant disruption in services or institutes a significant price increase, we may have to seek alternative providers, which could increase our costs or prevent or delay the delivery of our products. Further, our business includes various joint venture and industry agreements which standardize parts of the supply chain system. An example includes our warehousing and customer delivery systems in Canada organized under joint venture agreements with other brewers. Any negative change in these agreements or material terms within these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Risks Related to Legal Matters, Governmental Regulations and our International Operations 
 Unfavorable outcomes of legal or regulatory matters may adversely affect our business and financial condition and damage our reputation. We are from time to time involved in or subject to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings or matters related to our business, our advertising and marketing practices, product claims, product labeling and ingredients, our intellectual property rights, alleged infringement or misappropriation by us of intellectual property rights of others, tax, environmental, privacy, insurance, ERISA and employment matters. Such matters, even those that are ultimately non-meritorious, can be complex, costly, and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel, and may generate adverse publicity that damages our reputation or brand image. The assessment of the outcome of such matters, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control and are based on the information available to management at that time. The outcome of such matters, including amounts ultimately received or paid upon judgment or settlement, may differ materially from management s outlook or estimates, including any amounts accrued in the financial statements. Actual outcomes, including judgments, awards, settlements or orders, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows and damage our corporate reputation and our brands. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations in developing and emerging markets expose us to additional risks, which could harm our business and financial results. We continue to operate in developing and emerging markets. In certain of these markets, we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this report, our operations in these markets expose us to additional heightened risks, including: 
 changes in local political, economic, social and labor conditions; 
 restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; 
 repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; 
 import and export requirements; 
 increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment, which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; 
 longer payment cycles, increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 
 increased exposure to global disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic; and 
 other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences. 
 In addition, as a global company, we are subject to foreign and U.S. laws and regulations designed to combat governmental corruption, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and the U.K. Proceeds of Crime Act. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, each of which could have a materially negative effect on our reputation, brands and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, there can be no assurance that our employees, business partners or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. 
 Changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results. Many countries in which we operate regulate the distribution of alcohol products and if those regulations were changed, it could alter our business practices and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, in the U.S. market, there is a three-tier distribution system that governs the sale of malt beverage products. That system, requiring separation of manufacturers, distributors and retailers, dates back to the repeal of prohibition and is periodically subject to legal challenges. To the extent that such challenges are successful and change the three-tier system, including through the expansion of e-commerce and direct-to-consumer offerings, such changes could have a material adverse effect on our Americas segment results of operations. Further, in Canada, our products are required to be distributed through each province's respective provincial liquor board. Additionally, in certain Canadian provinces, we rely on our joint venture arrangements with BRI and BDL to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. BRI owns and operates commercial retail outlets, known as The Beer Store, in Ontario, and BDL facilitates the distribution of our products in the western Canadian provinces. If provincial regulation should change, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the Canadian dollar and the European operating currencies such as, Euro, British Pound, Czech Koruna, Croatian Kuna, Serbian Dinar, New Romanian Leu, Bulgarian Lev and Hungarian Forint. We hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in Canada and throughout Europe. Because our financial statements are presented in USD, we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into USD. Increases and decreases in the value of the USD will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. Additionally, we are exposed to currency transaction risks related to transactions denominated in currencies other than one of the functional currencies of our operating entities, such as the purchase of certain raw material inputs or capital expenditures, as well as sales transactions and debt issuances or other incurred obligations. Further, certain actions by the government of any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our results and financial position. To the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks through our risk management policies intended to protect our exposure to currency movements, which may affect our operations, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. For instance, the strengthening of the USD against the Canadian dollar, European currencies and various other global 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 currencies would adversely impact our USD reported results due to the impact on foreign currency translation. 
 Changes in tax, environmental, trade or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could cause volatility or have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our business is highly regulated by national, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding such matters as tariffs, licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental matters, packaging material regulations, ingredient regulations, unclaimed property and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation, varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Future changes to U.S. or foreign trade policies, impositions of new or increased tariffs, other trade restrictions or other government actions, including any government shutdown, foreign currency fluctuations, including devaluations and fear of exposure to or actual impacts of a widespread disease outbreak, such as the coronavirus pandemic, may lead to the continuation or escalation of such risks and uncertainty. 
 In addition, changes to existing tax laws or the adoption of new tax policies, regulations, guidance or laws, particularly in the U.S., U.K. and Canada, could have a material adverse impact to our effective tax rate, future cash tax liabilities and our financial results in general. The current economic and political environment, including the focus on corporate tax reform, anti-base erosion rules and tax transparency, may result in significant tax law changes in the numerous jurisdictions in which we operate. The recent enactment of certain U.S. tax legislation, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, could result in an increase in our effective tax rate or cash tax and adversely impact our financial results. Most recently, intergovernmental organizations such as the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and European Commission have proposed changes to the existing tax laws of member countries. Those proposals include a 15 global minimum tax on certain multinational companies, as well as changes in allocations of profit among tax jurisdictions in which companies operate, which if enacted by those countries in which we operate, could increase our overall tax liability and adversely impact our financial results. 
 Continued economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult, and prior decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate income taxes could be subject to enforcement activities, as well as legislative investigation and inquiry, which could also result in changes in tax policies or prior tax rulings. The final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Additionally, modifications of laws and policies governing foreign trade and investment, including trade agreements and tariffs such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the European Union-United Kingdom Trade and Cooperating Agreement, or aluminum tariffs, could adversely affect our supply chain, business and results of operations. For example, in June 2018, U.S. tariffs on aluminum imports from Canada, Mexico and EU went into effect (though the U.S. lifted the aluminum tariffs on Canada and Mexico in May 2019), which created volatility in the price of aluminum in the U.S. and increased the price of aluminum used in some of our product packaging. Continued imposition of U.S. aluminum tariffs, the implementation of additional tariffs and retaliatory tariffs from trade partners or related uncertainties could further increase the cost of certain of our imported materials, thereby adversely affecting our profitability. In addition, the recently enacted European Union-United Kingdom Trade and Cooperating Agreement resulted in certain disruptions in trade and the movement of goods, including prolonged transportation delays, which affected our ability to source raw materials and packaging for our products as well as our ability to import and export products. 
 Furthermore, various jurisdictions have adopted, or may seek to adopt, additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our beverages relating to perceived adverse health consequences of some of our beverages. If additional or more severe requirements of this type are imposed on one or more of our beverages under current or future laws or regulations, they could inhibit sales of such beverages in such jurisdictions. In addition, we cannot predict whether our beverages will become subject to increased rules and regulations regarding labeling or warnings which, if enacted, could increase our costs or adversely impact sales. 
 In addition, a number of governmental authorities, both in the U.S. and abroad, have considered, and are expected to consider, legislation aimed at reducing the amount of plastic waste. Programs have included banning certain types of products, mandating certain rates of recycling and/or the use of recycled materials, imposing deposits or excise taxes on packaging material, and requiring retailers or manufacturers to take back packaging used for their products. Such legislation, as well as voluntary initiatives, aimed at reducing the level of plastic wastes, could reduce the demand for certain of our products that contain plastic packaging, result in greater costs for manufacturers of plastic products or otherwise impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, changes in applicable environmental regulations, including increased or 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 additional regulations to discourage the use of plastic may result in increased compliance costs, increased costs, capital expenditures, incremental investments and other financial obligations for us and our business partners, which could affect our profitability. We may not be able to implement price increases for our products to cover any increased costs, and any price increases we do implement may result in lower sales volumes. 
 The government(s) of each country in which we sell our products, including state and local jurisdictions in the U.S., levies excise taxes at varying rates. Additionally, U.S. governmental entities also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Increases in excise taxes, and such compliance taxes and bonds, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof, specifically tax and environmental laws or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of, and potential future developments in, complex domestic and international tax laws and regulations, the amount and timing of future taxable income and the interaction of such laws and regulations among jurisdictions. Given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded. 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions and Joint Ventures 
 Risks associated with operating our joint ventures may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We have entered into several joint ventures, including our joint ventures with Ball Corporation (i.e., Rocky Mountain Metal Container), and with Owens-Brockway Glass Container Inc. (i.e., Rocky Mountain Bottle Company), for a portion of our aluminum and glass packaging supply in the U.S., respectively. In addition, we have entered into a joint venture with HEXO Corp. to pursue opportunities to develop, produce and market non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages in Canada and were previously party to a joint venture with HEXO Corp. regarding similar opportunities for CBD beverages in certain U.S. markets. We have also entered into a joint venture with The Yuengling Company LLC to expand the distribution of Yuengling beer in the western U.S. We also have a joint venture in the U.K. regarding the production and distribution of Cobra beer. Additionally, in certain Canadian provinces, we rely on joint venture agreements with BRI and BDL to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. As previously referenced, BRI owns and operates commercial retail outlets, known as The Beer Store, in Ontario, and BDL facilitates the distribution of our products in the western Canadian provinces. We may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. Our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. In addition, we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our other markets. Disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships. Our joint venture arrangements may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. In addition, our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents, or may become insolvent or file for bankruptcy protection and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. 
 Failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. We have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several strategic joint ventures. In order to compete in the consolidating global brewing and beverage industry, we anticipate that we may, from time to time, in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business, such as the Acquisition and our joint ventures with HEXO and Yuengling and various other craft acquisitions we have made recently. Potential risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include, among other things: 
 our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; 
 our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint venture partners' competitive transaction terms; 
 our ability to raise capital on reasonable terms to finance attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; 
 our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; 
 diversion of management's attention; 
 our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; 
 motivating, recruiting and retaining key employees; 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; 
 consolidating and streamlining sales, marketing and corporate operations; 
 potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; 
 potential exposure to unknown or future liabilities or costs that affect the markets in which acquired companies or joint ventures operate; 
 reputational or other damage due to the conduct of a joint venture partner or the prior conduct of an acquired company; 
 loss of key employees and customers of an acquired company; and 
 managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture. 
 Additional Risks Related to our Americas Segment 
 Our U.S. business is highly dependent on independent distributors to sell our products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell our products, and distributor consolidation in the U.S. could harm our business and financial results. We sell nearly all of our products, including all of our imported products, in the U.S. to independent distributors for resale to retail outlets. These independent distributors are entitled to exclusive territories and protected from termination by state statutes and regulations. Consequently, if we are not allowed, or are unable under acceptable terms or at all, to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, our business, financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Further, in recent years, there has been a consolidation of independent distributors, resulting in distributors with increased leverage over suppliers due to the distributor's share of the supplier business, exclusive territorial appointments and regulatory protection of distribution agreements. We have limited ability to influence decisions regarding distributor consolidation, which, regardless of size, carries a risk of decreased investment in service and local marketing in the interest of paying down the leverage required to fund a transaction. Consolidation among distributors could create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products and could hinder the distribution and sale of our products. There is a risk that consolidation of distributors could further increase due to potential changes in tax laws in the markets in which we operate. This could negatively impact sales of certain growth driver products, such as hard seltzers and ready to drink beverages, and increase prices. Our unique portfolio may require more brand building than our competitors, which could be adversely affected in the event of distributor consolidation. Changes in distributors' strategies, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry, may adversely affect our growth, business, financial results and market share. 
 Government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our Canada business. In June 2019, the Ontario government adopted a bill that, if enacted, would terminate a 10-year Master Framework Agreement that was originally signed in 2015 between the previous government administration and Molson Canada 2005, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of our Company, Labatt Brewing Company Limited, Sleeman Breweries Ltd., and Brewers Retail Inc. and dictates the terms of the beer distribution and retail systems in Ontario through 2025. The government has not yet proclaimed the bill as law, and the impacts of the potential legislative changes are unknown at this time but could have a negative impact on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of the Americas Segment. Molson Canada 2005 and the other Master Framework Agreement signatories are prepared to vigorously defend our rights and pursue legal recourse, should the Master Framework Agreement be unilaterally terminated by the enactment of the 2019 legislation. The initial term of the Master Framework Agreement does not expire until December 31, 2025, and the Master Framework Agreement contains a provision requiring two-year advance notice of the government's intention to not renew the Master Framework Agreement. 
 Our Americas business faces numerous risks relating to its joint venture in the Canadian cannabis industry and its former involvement in the U.S. CBD beverage industry. In 2018, a wholly-owned subsidiary within our Canadian business completed the formation of an independent Canadian joint venture with HEXO Corp., a Canadian entity listed on the NASDAQ and the Toronto Stock Exchange that serves the Canadian cannabis market. The joint venture, Truss LP ("Truss"), is producing and marketing non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages for the Canadian market. The success and consumer acceptance of any products produced by the joint venture cannot be assured. As of the end of 2022, we exited the U.S. CBD market. Further, our Canadian subsidiary s involvement in the Canadian cannabis industries and our former involvement in the U.S. CBD market may have, and may continue to, negatively impact consumer, business partner, investor or public sentiment regarding our brands, Americas' beer business or our company. The emerging cannabis and CBD industries in Canada and the U.S. and in other jurisdictions is evolving rapidly and involves a high degree of political, legal and regulatory uncertainty. The occurrence 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, there is regulatory uncertainty in the U.S. regarding the status of food and beverage products that contain U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD, which, in part, contributed to our decision to exit the U.S. CBD market. While our involvement in the U.S. CBD market consisted of operations and sales of such products in states where the sale and distribution of hemp-derived CBD beverages is permitted, U.S. federal law enforcement officials may still elect to take enforcement action against companies under the Controlled Substances Act or the Food and Drug Administration may send a cease and desist letter, either of which action could have an impact on our future involvement in the U.S. CBD market. 
 Indemnities provided to the purchaser of our previous interest in the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. ("Kaiser") business in Brazil could result in future cash outflows and statement of operations charges. In 2006, we sold our previous ownership interest in Kaiser, which was held by our Canadian business, to FEMSA Cerveza S.A. de C.V. ("FEMSA"). The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. The ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. These indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets; however, we could incur future statement of operations charges due to changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in the future. 
 Additional Risks Related to our EMEA APAC Segment 
 Economic trends and intense competition in European markets could unfavorably affect our profitability. Our European businesses have been, and, in the future may be, adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and general economic and political conditions, as well as a weakening of their respective currencies versus the U.S. dollar, in each case, in addition to the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. Additionally, we face intense competition in certain of our European markets, particularly with respect to pricing, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. In particular, the on-going focus by large competitors in Europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We may also face pressures resulting from a reduction in disposable incomes of consumers to spend on our products due to inflation, recessionary conditions and an increase in the cost of energy, primarily in countries located in central and eastern Europe, which could unfavorably affect our profitability. In addition, in recent years, beer volume sales in Europe have been shifting from on-premise, such as pubs and restaurants, to off-premise, such as retail stores, for the industry as a whole. Margins in sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins from sales to on-premise customers, and, as a result, continuation or acceleration of this trend could further adversely affect our profitability. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Class B Common Stock 
 If Pentland and the Coors Trust do not agree on a matter submitted to our stockholders or if a super-majority of our board of directors do not agree on certain actions, generally the matter will not be approved, even if beneficial to us or favored by other stockholders or a majority of our board of directors. Pentland Securities (1981) Inc. ("Pentland") (a company controlled by the Molson family and related parties) and the Adolph Coors, Jr. Trust (the "Coors Trust") (a trust controlled by the Coors family and related parties), which together control more than 90 of our Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares, have a voting trust agreement through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our Class A common stock and the Class A exchangeable shares that they own. If these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees are required to vote all of the Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trust against the matter. There is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreement to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. Therefore, if either Pentland or the Coors Trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board of directors, management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. Similarly, our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. Thus, it is possible that our Company will not be authorized to take action even if it is supported by a simple majority of the board of directors. 
 The interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders and could prevent our Company from making certain decisions or taking certain actions that would be in the best interest of the other stockholders. Our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock and holders of our Class A common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over certain of our actions requiring stockholder approval, which could have a material adverse effect on Class B stockholders. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14, "Stockholders' Equity" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding voting rights of Class A and Class B stockholders. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Shareholder activism efforts or unsolicited offers from a third-party could cause a material disruption to our business and financial results. We may be subject to various legal and business challenges due to actions instituted by shareholder activists or unsolicited third-party offers. Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of shareholder activism may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business or other instability and may affect our relationships with vendors, customers, prospective and current employees and others. Proposed or future laws and regulations may increase the chance we become the target of shareholder activist campaigns, including ESG-related actions. If shareholder activist campaigns are initiated against us, our response to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, which could divert the attention and resources of our Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies, which could harm our business, negatively impact our stock price, and have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of February 21, 2023, our major facilities were owned (unless otherwise indicated) and are as follows: Facility Location Character Administrative Offices Bucharest, Romania (1) 
 Global business services center Burton-on-Trent, U.K. (2) 
 EMEA APAC segment operational headquarters Chicago, Illinois (1) 
 Americas segment operational headquarters Golden, Colorado Corporate principal executive office and Americas segment administrative office Milwaukee, Wisconsin Americas segment administrative office Montr al, Qu bec Corporate principal executive office and Americas segment administrative office Prague, Czech Republic EMEA APAC segment administrative office Toronto, Ontario Americas segment administrative office Americas Segment Brewery/packaging plants Albany, Georgia (3) 
 Brewing and packaging Chilliwack, British Columbia Brewing and packaging Elkton, Virginia (3) 
 Brewing and packaging Fort Worth, Texas (3) 
 Brewing and packaging Golden, Colorado (3) 
 Brewing and packaging Longueuil, Qu bec 
 Brewing and packaging Milwaukee, Wisconsin Brewing and packaging Toronto, Ontario Brewing and packaging Trenton, Ohio (3) 
 Brewing and packaging Beer distributorship Denver, Colorado Distribution Container operations Golden, Colorado (4) 
 Can and end manufacturing facilities Wheat Ridge, Colorado (4) 
 Bottling manufacturing facility Malting operations Golden, Colorado Malting EMEA APAC Segment Brewery/packaging plants Apatin, Serbia (5) 
 Brewing and packaging B cs, Hungary Brewing and packaging Burton-on-Trent, U.K. (5) 
 Brewing and packaging Haskovo, Bulgaria Brewing and packaging Niksic, Montenegro Brewing and packaging Ostrava, Czech Republic Brewing and packaging Ploiesti, Romania (5) 
 Brewing and packaging Prague, Czech Republic (5) 
 Brewing and packaging Tadcaster Brewery, Yorkshire, U.K. Brewing and packaging Zagreb, Croatia (5) 
 Brewing and packaging 
 (1) We lease the office space for our Americas segment operational headquarters in Chicago, Illinois as well as the office space for our global business services center in Bucharest, Romania. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, we have signed a sale and leaseback agreement for the EMEA APAC segment operational headquarters facility located in Burton-on-Trent. The sale and leaseback agreement is in effect until we relocate to an owned facility location that will serve as the new EMEA APAC segment operational headquarters. 
 (3) The Golden, Trenton, Elkton, Albany and Fort Worth breweries collectively accounted for approximately 86 of our Americas segment production for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (4) The Wheat Ridge and Golden, Colorado facilities are leased from us by RMBC and RMMC, respectively. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 (5) The Burton-on-Trent, Prague, Ploiesti, Apatin and Zagreb breweries collectively accounted for approximately 73 of our EMEA APAC segment production for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to the properties listed above, we have smaller capacity facilities, including craft breweries and cideries, in each of our segments. We own and lease various warehouses, distribution centers and office spaces throughout the Americas segment and EMEA APAC segment countries in which we operate. Additionally, our Truss joint venture in Canada subleased its production facility in Belleville, Ontario from our joint venture partner, HEXO, for a portion of the year and leased directly from an unrelated third party landlord for the remaining portion of the year in 2022. 
 We believe our facilities are well maintained and suitable for their respective operations. In 2022, our operating facilities were not capacity constrained. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding litigation, other disputes and environmental and regulatory proceedings see Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies." 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Overview 
 Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols "TAP.A" and "TAP," respectively. In addition, the Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares of our indirect subsidiary, Molson Coors Canada Inc., trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols "TPX.A" and "TPX.B," respectively. The Class A and B exchangeable shares are a means for shareholders to potentially defer Canadian income tax and have substantially the same economic and voting rights as the respective common shares. The exchangeable shares can be exchanged for our Class A or B common stock at any time and at the exchange ratios described in the Merger documents and receive the same dividends. At the time of an exchange, a shareholder's Canadian tax liability, if any, would become due. The exchangeable shares have voting rights through special voting shares held by a trustee. 
 The approximate number of record security holders by class of stock at February 14, 2023, is as follows: 
 Title of class Number of record security holders Class A common stock, 0.01 par value 22 Class B common stock, 0.01 par value 2,909 Class A exchangeable shares, no par value 204 Class B exchangeable shares, no par value 2,237 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return over the last five fiscal years with the S P 500 and a customized peer index including MCBC, ABI, Carlsberg, Heineken and Asahi (the "Peer Group"). We have used a weighted-average based on market capitalization to determine the return for the Peer Group. The graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in our Class B common stock, the S P 500 and the Peer Group, and assumes reinvestment of all dividends. The below is provided for informational purposes and is not indicative of future performance. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Molson Coors 100.00 70.11 69.79 59.21 61.62 70.49 S P 500 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.82 191.50 156.79 Peer Group 100.00 73.53 94.19 81.57 83.43 83.67 
 Dividends 
 We do not have any restrictions that prevent or limit our ability to declare or pay dividends. On July 15, 2021, our Company's Board of Directors reinstated a quarterly dividend after it was suspended during the second quarter of 2020 to preserve our liquidity position as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. A quarterly dividend of 0.34 per share was paid during the third and fourth quarters of 2021, for a total of 0.68 per share or a CAD equivalent of CAD 0.84 per share. A quarterly dividend of 0.38 per share was declared and paid to eligible shareholders of record on the respective record dates throughout 2022 for a total of 1.52 per share or a CAD equivalent of CAD 1.95 per share. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information with respect to Class B common stock purchases made by our Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (1) 
 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 161,267,874 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 255,000 49.76 255,000 148,578,003 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 148,578,003 Total 255,000 49.76 255,000 148,578,003 
 (1) On February 17, 2022, our Company's Board of Directors ("the Board") approved a share repurchase program to repurchase up to an aggregate of 200 million, excluding brokerage commissions, of our Company's Class B common stock through March 31, 2026, with the program primarily intended to offset annual employee equity award grants. The number, price, structure and timing of the repurchases, if any, will be at our sole discretion and future repurchases will be evaluated by us depending on market conditions, liquidity needs, restrictions under our debt arrangements and other factors. Share repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase authorization does not oblige us to acquire any particular amount of our Class B common stock. The Board may suspend, modify or terminate the repurchase program at any time without prior notice. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Overview 
 For more than two centuries, we have been brewing beverages that unite people to celebrate all life s moments. From Coors Light , Miller Lite, Molson Canadian, Carling and Staropramen to Coors Banquet, Blue Moon Belgian White, Vizzy Hard Seltzer, Leinenkugel s Summer Shandy, Miller High Life and more, we produce many beloved and iconic beer brands. While our Company s history is rooted in beer, we offer a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle as well. As a business, our ambition is to be the first choice for our people, our consumers and our customers, and our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is provided to assist in understanding our Company, operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to, and read in conjunction with, the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and notes included within Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in Part I Item 1 Business and Part I Item 1A Risk Factors , respectively. See also "Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995." 
 A discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2021 compared to 2020 has been omitted from this report, but may be found in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal 2021 Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and our corporate website at www.molsoncoors.com. 
 Changes to our Consolidated Results of Operations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we modified our presentation of the consolidated statements of operations to replace the former "Special items, net" line item with "Other operating income (expense), net." In addition, goodwill impairment, which had previously been included in "Special items, net" has been reclassified to a separate line titled "Goodwill impairment." The consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were reclassified to reflect this change in presentation only. 
 Our Fiscal Year 
 Unless otherwise indicated, (a) all amounts are in USD, (b) comparisons are to comparable prior periods and (c) 2022, 2021 and 2020 refers to the 12 months ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Items Affecting Reported Results 
 Items Affecting Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Cost Inflation 
 We continued to experience significant cost inflation, including higher material, transportation and energy costs, which negatively impacted our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. While cost inflation was high in all of our markets during the year ended December 31, 2022, the impact to COGS on a percentage basis was higher for our EMEA APAC segment than our Americas segment. In addition, consumers in certain markets in our EMEA APAC segment were impacted by local inflation leading to a reduction in their discretionary purchases. We expect cost inflation to continue to have a negative impact on our results of operations in 2023. 
 In addition to the cost increases that commenced in the second half of 2021, the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 caused and continues to cause a negative impact on the global economy, driving further increases to, among other things, the cost of transportation, energy and materials. Higher transportation costs are a result of increased fuel prices, a short supply of truck drivers worldwide and increased freight costs. In the Americas, we are taking steps to reduce the impact by shipping more beverages via rail to decrease the impacts of higher freight costs. In EMEA APAC, we are taking steps to find alternative fuel and energy sources to reduce the potential impact of the loss or disruption of the energy sources or suppliers in Europe due to supply shortages as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. We have established a governance regime to continually monitor this situation. Alternative sources of fuel have been implemented or are in the process of being implemented throughout our operations in the U.K. We have increased fuel stock levels where feasible and we have been drawing on new gas pipelines and fuel sources in the Baltics, Bulgaria-Greece, North Sea and Norway. We are also experiencing increased materials costs due to overall cost inflation. Specifically, the volatility of aluminum prices, inclusive of Midwest Premium and tariffs, continued to significantly impact our results for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 To the extent materials, transportation and energy prices continue to fluctuate, and if we are unable to mitigate the impact of supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures through price increases or other measures, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. Even if we are able to raise the prices of our products, consumers might react negatively to such price increases, which could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our brand, reputation and sales. If our competitors maintain or substantially lower their prices, we may lose customers or mark down prices to match them. Our profitability may be impacted by prices that do not offset the inflationary pressures, which may impact gross margins. In addition, even if we increase the prices of our products in response to increases in the cost of commodities or other cost increases, we may not be able to sustain our price increases or customers may trade down to cheaper alternatives. 
 We continue to monitor these risks and rely on our risk management hedging program, increased pricing to our customers, our premiumization strategy and cost savings programs to help mitigate some of the inflationary pressures. 
 Coronavirus Global Pandemic 
 We have been actively monitoring the impact of the coronavirus pandemic since it started at the end of the first quarter of 2020. We observed improvements in the marketplace related to the coronavirus global pandemic as on-premise locations began to re-open, with varying degrees of restrictions, across the world beginning in the second quarter of 2021. A new variant of coronavirus, Omicron, created additional uncertainty and negatively impacted our on-premise business at the end of 2021 and into the first quarter of 2022 when we started to see progressive improvements in our on-premise channel. Thus, while an improvement from 2021, the coronavirus global pandemic continued to have a negative impact to our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022. However, the margin impact of the coronavirus pandemic improved during the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of the progressive improvements in the on-premise channel. 
 The extent to which our operations will continue to be impacted by the coronavirus pandemic will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including, but not limited to, the level of governmental or societal orders or restrictions on public gatherings and on-premise venues including any vaccine mandates or testing requirements, the severity and duration of the coronavirus pandemic by market including continued or prolonged future outbreaks of variants, changes in consumer behavior, the rate of vaccination and the efficacy of vaccines against coronavirus and related variants. We continue to actively monitor the ongoing evolution of the coronavirus pandemic and resulting impacts to our business. 
 Cybersecurity Incident 
 During March 2021, we experienced a systems outage that was caused by a cybersecurity incident. We engaged leading 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 forensic information technology firms and legal counsel to assist our investigation into the incident and we restored our systems as quickly as possible. Despite these actions, we experienced delays and disruptions to our business, including brewery operations, production and shipments. This incident caused a shift in production and shipments from the first quarter of 2021 to the balance of fiscal year 2021. 
 Revitalization Plan 
 On October 28, 2019, we initiated a revitalization plan designed to allow us to invest across our portfolio to drive long-term, sustainable growth. The revitalization plan established Chicago, Illinois as our Americas segment operational headquarters. We closed our office in Denver, Colorado and consolidated certain administrative functions into our other existing office locations. As of January 1, 2020, we changed our name to Molson Coors Beverage Company and changed our management structure to two segments - Americas and EMEA APAC. We began to incur charges during the fourth quarter of 2019 and we recognized severance and retention charges related to these restructuring activities of 4.0 million and 35.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. As of the year ended December 31, 2021, the revitalization plan restructuring charges were substantially complete. There were no material changes to our restructuring activities since December 31, 2021. 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" and Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangibles" for further discussion of the impacts of this plan. 
 Premiumization of our Portfolio 
 In 2021, in order to support the overall premiumization of our portfolio, we strategically de-prioritized and rationalized certain non-core SKUs predominantly in the economy segment. While we rationalized certain non-core economy SKUs, we retained key economy brands allowing us to maintain a portfolio for all socio-economic demographics. We believe the premiumization of our portfolio will drive sustainable net sales and earnings growth but result in potential volume declines due to the rationalization of certain SKUs and as the portfolio mix shifts towards a higher composition of above premium products. 
 Items Affecting Americas Segment Results of Operations 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a partial goodwill impairment charge of 845.0 million related to the Americas reporting unit as a result of the annual goodwill impairment analysis. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for further information. 
 Montreal/Longueuil, Qu bec Brewery and Distribution Centers Labor Strike 
 From late March 2022 until June 2022, approximately 400 unionized employees in our Montreal/Longueuil, Qu bec brewery and distribution centers went on strike which adversely affected our business and operations. Over the course of the third quarter of 2022, we recovered from the strike by rebuilding inventory and replenishing our retailers' shelves. As the brewery had not yet fully recovered until the end of the third quarter, results for the second and third quarters of 2022 were adversely impacted by this strike. 
 Keystone Litigation 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an accrued liability of 56.6 million within MG A related to probable losses as a result of the ongoing Keystone litigation case including associated interest. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further information. 
 Impairment of an Asset Group 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we recognized an impairment loss of 28.6 million related to the Truss joint venture asset group within other operating income (expense), net, of which 12.1 million was attributable to the noncontrolling interest. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" for further information. 
 Texas Storm 
 In February 2021, a winter ice storm severely impacted the southern U.S. In particular, local government authorities in Texas were forced to impose energy restrictions, causing the Fort Worth brewery to be offline which resulted in our inability to produce or ship product during the downtime. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Irwindale, California Brewery Sale 
 Following management approval in December 2019, in January 2020, we announced plans to cease production at our Irwindale, California brewery and entered into an option agreement with Pabst, granting Pabst an option to purchase our Irwindale, California brewery, including plant equipment and machinery and the underlying land for 150 million, subject to adjustment as further specified in the option agreement. Pursuant to the option agreement, on May 4, 2020, Pabst exercised its option to purchase the Irwindale brewery and the purchase was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. Production at the Irwindale brewery ceased during the third quarter of 2020. We recorded charges related to the Irwindale brewery closure as further discussed in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" 
 Items Affecting EMEA APAC Segment Results of Operations 
 Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and the conflict remains ongoing. As a result, we suspended exports of all our brands to Russia and subsequently terminated the license to produce any of our brands in Russia. Out of an abundance of caution, at the commencement of the conflict, production and sales of our brands in Ukraine under license arrangements were halted as a result of the dangerous environment in the country due to the conflict. We anticipate entering into a new license contract within Ukraine in early 2023. Until then, we plan to export to Ukraine from the Czech Republic. We had less than 0.2 of our 2021 consolidated net sales, less than 1 of our 2021 EMEA APAC net sales and no physical assets in Russia and Ukraine before the conflict began. While not material to our Company, the Russia-Ukraine conflict negatively impacted our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has caused a negative impact to the global economy which has impacted our Company, driving further increases to the cost of materials, transportation and energy. See the risk factor related to this conflict at Part I. Item 1A. "Risk Factors ". 
 Fiscal Year 2020 Goodwill Impairment 
 In fiscal year 2020, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge related to our EMEA APAC reporting unit of 1,484.3 million as a result of the annual goodwill impairment analysis. Consequently, the EMEA APAC reporting unit was fully impaired as of December 31, 2020. 
 India Impairment Sale 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we recognized an impairment loss of 30.0 million within other operating income (expense), net related to the held for sale classification of a disposal group within our India business, representing an insignificant part of our EMEA APAC segment. The sale of the India business disposal group was subsequently completed during the first quarter of 2021. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized an impairment loss of 13.5 million within other operating income (expense), net related to the held for sale classification of the remaining portion of our India business. The sale of the remaining portion of our India business was subsequently completed during the first quarter of 2022 and resulted in an insignificant loss on disposal recorded in other operating income (expense), net. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table highlights summarized components of our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Consolidated Statements of Operations for additional details of our U.S. GAAP results comparing December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 Change December 31, 2021 Change December 31, 2020 (In millions, except percentages and per share data) Net sales 10,701.0 4.1 10,279.7 6.5 9,654.0 Cost of goods sold (7,045.8) 13.2 (6,226.3) 5.8 (5,885.7) Gross profit 3,655.2 (9.8) 4,053.4 7.6 3,768.3 Marketing, general and administrative expenses (2,618.8) 2.5 (2,554.5) 4.8 (2,437.0) Goodwill impairment (845.0) N/M N/M (1,484.3) Other operating income (expense), net (38.6) (13.3) (44.5) (82.6) (255.9) Equity income (loss) 4.7 N/M N/M Operating income (loss) 157.5 (89.2) 1,454.4 N/M (408.9) Total non-operating income (expense), net (220.0) 2.1 (215.4) (8.3) (235.0) Income (loss) before income taxes (62.5) N/M 1,239.0 N/M (643.9) Income tax benefit (expense) (124.0) (46.2) (230.5) (23.6) (301.8) Net income (loss) (186.5) N/M 1,008.5 N/M (945.7) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 11.2 N/M (2.8) (15.2) (3.3) Net income (loss) attributable to MCBC (175.3) N/M 1,005.7 N/M (949.0) Net income (loss) attributable to MCBC per diluted share (0.81) N/M 4.62 N/M (4.38) Financial volume in hectoliters 82.272 (2.1) 84.028 (0.5) 84.479 
 N/M = Not meaningful 
 Foreign currency impacts on results 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, foreign currency movements had the following impacts on our USD consolidated results: 
 Net sales - Unfavorable impact of 298.0 million (unfavorable impact for EMEA APAC and Americas of 249.0 million and 49.0 million, respectively). 
 Cost of goods sold - Favorable impact of 211.7 million (favorable impact for EMEA APAC, Americas and Unallocated of 169.4 million, 36.3 million and 6.0 million, respectively). 
 MG A - Favorable impact of 83.4 million (favorable impact for EMEA APAC and Americas of 66.8 million and 16.6 million, respectively). 
 Income (loss) before income taxes - Unfavorable impact of 15.1 million (unfavorable impact for EMEA APAC and Americas of 14.0 million and 2.6 million, respectively, partially offset by the favorable impact for Unallocated of 1.5 million). 
 The impacts of foreign currency movements on our consolidated USD results described above for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily due to the strength of the USD as compared to the GBP and CAD. 
 Included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. The impact of transactional foreign currency gains and losses is recorded within other non-operating income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Volume 
 Financial volume represents owned or actively managed brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographic markets (net of returns and allowances), as well as contract brewing, wholesale/factored non-owned volume and company-owned distribution volume. This metric is presented on a STW basis to reflect the sales from our operations to our direct customers, generally distributors. We believe this metric is important and useful for investors and management because it gives an indication of the amount of beer and adjacent products that we have produced and shipped to customers. This metric excludes royalty volume, which consists of our brands produced and sold under various license and contract brewing agreements. Factored volume in our EMEA APAC segment is the distribution of beer, wine, spirits and other products owned and produced by other companies to the on-premise channel, which is a common arrangement in the U.K. 
 As part of the revitalization plan strategy to grow our above premium portfolio and expand beyond the beer aisle, in late 2021 we de-prioritized and rationalized certain non-core SKUs, predominantly in the economy segment. This strategy was intended to drive sustainable net sales growth and earnings growth, despite potential volume declines due to the rationalization or certain SKUs and as the portfolio mix shifted toward a higher composition of above premium products. 
 Net sales 
 The following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021, by segment (in percentages). 
 Financial Volume Price and Sales Mix Currency Total Consolidated (2.1) 9.1 (2.9) 4.1 Americas (5.4) 8.6 (0.5) 2.7 EMEA APAC 8.1 17.0 (13.8) 11.3 
 The following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 versus December 31, 2020, by segment (in percentages). 
 Financial Volume Price and Sales Mix Currency Total Consolidated (0.5) 5.2 1.8 6.5 Americas (2.0) 4.0 1.0 3.0 EMEA APAC 3.9 15.7 6.3 25.9 
 Net sales per hectoliter on a financial volume basis in local currency increased 9.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to positive net pricing and favorable sales mix driven by portfolio premiumization and favorable channel mix. 
 Financial volumes declined 2.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to industry softness in the Americas, cycling the rebuild of U.S. distributor inventory levels in the prior year, and the impacts of the Qu bec labor strike, partially offset by growth in Western Europe due to less onerous coronavirus pandemic restrictions. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold per hectoliter in local currency increased 19.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to changes in our unrealized mark-to-market commodity positions which accounted for approximately 40 of the increase and is recorded as Unallocated. In addition, the increase was also impacted by cost inflation, mainly on materials, transportation and energy costs, mix impacts from portfolio premiumization, higher factored volumes and volume deleverage, partially offset by lower depreciation expense and cost savings programs. 
 Marketing, general and administrative expenses 
 MG A increased 2.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to the cycling of lower people-related costs in the prior year and the recording of a 56.6 million accrued liability related to potential losses as a result of the ongoing Keystone litigation case including associated interest, partially offset by favorable impacts from foreign currency movements and reductions in marketing spend on non-core and discontinued brands. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for detail of 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 our goodwill impairments. 
 Other operating income (expense), net 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" for detail of our other operating income (expense), net. 
 Total non-operating income (expense), net 
 Total non-operating expense, net increased 2.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year primarily due to higher pension and OPEB non-service costs and unfavorable transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates, partially offset by lower interest expense driven by the repayment of debt as a result of our continued deleveraging actions. 
 Income taxes benefit (expense) For the years ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Effective tax rate (198) 19 (47) 
 The decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year was primarily due to the impact of (i) the 845 million partial goodwill impairment, recorded within our Americas segment in the fourth quarter of 2022, which related to goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, and (ii) 18 million of tax expense recognized in 2021, which related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities following an announced corporate income tax rate increase in the U.K. from 19 to 25 . These decreases to the effective tax rate were partially offset by the release of 73 million of reserves for unrecognized tax positions as a result of an effective settlement reached on a tax audit during 2021. 
 Our tax rate can be volatile and may change with, among other things, the amount and source of pre-tax income or loss, our ability to utilize foreign tax credits, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from share-based compensation, changes in tax laws and the movement of liabilities established pursuant to accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions as statutes of limitations expire, positions are effectively settled or when additional information becomes available. There are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions and other changes to regulatory environments in countries in which we do business that, if enacted, could have an impact on our effective tax rate. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was signed into U.S. law. The IRA includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 on the adjusted financial statement income AFSI of corporations with average AFSI exceeding 1.0 billion over a three-year period. The alternative minimum tax is effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2023, and any impact to our consolidated financial statements, including cash flow, tax expense and effective tax rate, will depend on several factors, most specifically our AFSI and any future administrative guidance. Additionally, the IRA imposes an excise tax of 1 on stock repurchases, effective January 1, 2023. The impact of this excise tax will be dependent on the extent of our share repurchases in future periods. While we continue to evaluate the new tax law, we do not believe it will have a material impact to the Company in the near future. 
 Refer to Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12, "Income Tax" for additional details regarding our effective tax rate. 
 Cost Savings Initiatives 
 Our next generation cost savings program, which began in 2020, delivered 605 million of cost savings over the three year program, which ended December 31 2022. The program was focused on building our capabilities and reorganizing to support our commercial revitalization strategy. Total cost savings delivered in 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately 115 million, 220 million and 270 million, respectively. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 12.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to assets becoming fully depreciated during the year, favorable impacts from foreign currency movements and a decrease in accelerated depreciation expense recorded as a result of certain facility closures. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results of Operations 
 Americas Segment 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 Change December 31, 2021 Change December 31, 2020 (In millions, except percentages) Net sales (1) 
 8,711.5 2.7 8,485.0 3.0 8,237.0 Income (loss) before income taxes 312.9 (73.4) 1,176.5 8.9 1,080.5 Financial volume in hectoliters (2) 
 60.323 (5.4) 63.737 (2.0) 65.010 
 (1) Includes gross inter-segment sales and volumes which are eliminated in the consolidated totals. 
 (2) Excludes royalty volume of 2.719 million hectoliters, 2.507 million hectoliters and 2.052 million hectoliters for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net sales and volume 
 Net sales per hectoliter on a financial volume basis in local currency increased 9.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to positive net pricing and favorable sales mix driven by portfolio premiumization. 
 Financial volumes decreased 5.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to industry softness, cycling the rebuild of U.S. distributor inventory levels in the prior year and the impacts of the Qu bec labor strike. 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 Income (loss) before income taxes decreased 73.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to a partial goodwill impairment charge of 845 million, cost inflation, mainly on materials, transportation and energy costs, lower financial volumes and higher MG A spend, partially offset by positive net pricing, favorable sales mix and lower depreciation expense. 
 
 EMEA APAC Segment For the years ended December 31, 2022 Change December 31, 2021 Change December 31, 2020 (In millions, except percentages) Net sales (1) 
 2,005.2 11.3 1,802.3 25.9 1,431.9 Income (loss) before income taxes 61.0 85.4 32.9 N/M (1,603.7) Financial volume in hectoliters (2) 
 21.955 8.1 20.315 3.9 19.560 N/M = Not meaningful 
 (1) Includes gross inter-segment sales and volumes which are eliminated in the consolidated totals. 
 (2) Excludes royalty volume of 1.012 million hectoliters, 1.968 million hectoliters and 1.731 million hectoliters for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net sales and volume 
 Net sales per hectoliter on a financial volume basis in local currency increased 15.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to favorable sales mix, in part due to the cycling of significant on-premise restrictions that occurred during the first and last quarters of 2021, particularly in the U.K, and positive net pricing. 
 Financial volumes increased 8.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to growth in our above premium portfolio and our core brands, including the cycling of significant on-premise restrictions that occurred during the first and last quarters of 2021, particularly in the U.K. and higher factored volumes. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 Income (loss) before income taxes increased 85.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to prior year, primarily due to higher financial volumes, favorable sales mix and positive net pricing, partially offset by cost inflation, mainly on materials, transportation and energy costs, as well as higher MG A spend. Higher MG A spend was primarily due to cost inflation, higher incentive compensation, higher marketing spend to support our brands and the cycling of lower spend in the prior year due to cost mitigation efforts as a result of the pandemic. 
 
 Unallocated Segment 
 We have certain activity that is not allocated to our segments and primarily includes financing-related costs such as interest expense and income, foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances related to financing and other treasury-related activities, and the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships. Additionally, only the service cost component of net periodic pension and OPEB cost is reported within each operating segment, and all other components remain unallocated. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 Change December 31, 2021 Change December 31, 2020 (In millions, except percentages) Cost of goods sold (229.9) N/M 236.6 119.9 107.6 Gross profit (229.9) N/M 236.6 119.9 107.6 Operating income (loss) (229.9) N/M 236.6 119.9 107.6 Total non-operating income (expense), net (206.5) (0.2) (207.0) (9.3) (228.3) Income (loss) before income taxes (436.4) N/M 29.6 N/M (120.7) 
 N/M = Not meaningful 
 Cost of goods sold 
 The unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity derivatives, which are economic hedges, make up substantially all of the activity presented within cost of goods sold in the table above for 2022, 2021 and 2020. As the exposure we are managing is realized, we reclassify the gain or loss on our commodity derivatives to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides, allowing our segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" for further information. 
 Total non-operating income (expense), net 
 Total non-operating expense, net decreased 0.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower net interest expense partially offset by higher pension and OPEB non-service costs. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9, "Debt" for further details on our debt instruments. See Part II - Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 11, "Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits" for further discussion of pension and OPEB. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash provided by operating activities and access to external capital. We continue to monitor world events which may create credit or economic challenges that could adversely impact our profit or operating cash flows and our ability to obtain additional liquidity. We currently believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and cash provided by short-term and long-term borrowings, when necessary, will be adequate to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, capital expenditures and other obligations for the twelve months subsequent to the date of the issuance of this annual report and our long-term liquidity requirements. We do not have any restrictions that prevent or limit our ability to declare or pay dividends. 
 While a significant portion of our cash flows from operating activities are generated within the U.S., our cash balances include cash held outside the U.S. and in currencies other than the USD. As of December 31, 2022, approximate ly 76 of our cash and cash equivalents were located outside the U.S., largely denominated in foreign currencies. T he recent fluctuations in 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 foreign currency exchange rates have had and may continue to have a material impact on these foreign cash balances. Cash balances in foreign countries are often subject to additional restrictions and covenants. We may, therefore, have difficulties timely repatriating cash held outside the U.S., and such repatriation may be subject to tax. These limitations may affect our ability to fully utilize our cash resources for needs in the U.S. and other countries and may adversely affect our liquidity. To the extent necessary, we accrue for tax consequences on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as they are earned. We may utilize tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. We periodically review and evaluate these plans and strategies, including externally committed and non-committed credit agreements accessible by our Company and each of our operating subsidiaries. We believe these financing arrangements, along with the cash generated from the operations of our U.S. business, are sufficient to fund our current cash needs in the U.S. 
 Guarantor Information 
 SEC Registered Securities 
 For purposes of this disclosure, including the tables, "Parent Issuer" shall mean MCBC. "Subsidiary Guarantors" shall mean certain Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries reflecting the substantial operations of our Americas segment. 
 Pursuant to the indenture dated May 3, 2012 (as amended, the "May 2012 Indenture"), MCBC issued its outstanding 3.5 senior notes due 2022 and 5.0 senior notes due 2042. The 3.5 senior notes were subsequently repaid in May 2022 upon maturity using a combination of commercial paper borrowings and cash on hand. Additionally, pursuant to the indenture dated July 7, 2016 ("July 2016 Indenture"), MCBC issued its outstanding 3.0 senior notes due 2026, 4.2 senior notes due 2046 and 1.25 senior notes due 2024. The issuances of the senior notes issued under the May 2012 Indenture and the July 2016 Indenture were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. These senior notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries of MCBC, which are listed on Exhibit 22 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Subsidiary Guarantors", and together with the Parent Issuer, the "Obligor Group"). "Parent Issuer" in this section is specifically referring to MCBC in its capacity as the issuer of the senior notes under the May 2012 Indenture and the July 2016 Indenture. Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors is 100 owned by the Parent Issuer. The guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several. 
 None of our other outstanding debt was issued in a transaction that was registered with the SEC, and such other outstanding debt is issued or otherwise generally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Obligor Group or other consolidated subsidiaries of MCBC. These other guarantees are also full and unconditional and joint and several. 
 The senior notes and related guarantees rank pari-passu with all other unsubordinated debt of the Obligor Group and senior to all future subordinated debt of the Obligor Group. The guarantees can be released upon the sale or transfer of a Subsidiary Guarantors' capital stock or substantially all of its assets, or if such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a guarantor under our other outstanding debt. 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9, "Debt" for details of all debt issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 The following summarized financial information relates to the Obligor Group as of December 31, 2022 on a combined basis, after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances between the Obligor Group, and excluding the investments in and equity in the earnings of any non-guarantor subsidiaries. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 The balances and transactions with non-guarantor subsidiaries have been separately presented. 
 Summarized Financial Information of Obligor Group Year ended December 31, 2022 (In millions) Net sales, out of which: 8,607.0 Intercompany sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries 38.0 Gross profit, out of which: 3,020.5 Intercompany net costs from non-guarantor subsidiaries (412.4) Net interest expense third parties (241.9) Intercompany net interest income from non-guarantor subsidiaries 94.0 Income before income taxes 47.2 Net income (164.4) 
 As of December 31, 2022 (In millions) Total current assets, out of which: 1,774.0 Intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries 202.6 Total noncurrent assets 20,153.6 Total current liabilities, out of which: 2,441.3 Current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings 371.7 Intercompany payables due to non-guarantor subsidiaries 96.8 Total noncurrent liabilities, out of which: 9,055.9 Long-term debt 6,102.5 Noncurrent intercompany notes payable due to non-guarantor subsidiaries 310.9 
 Cash Flows and Use of Cash 
 Our business historically generates positive operating cash flows each year and our debt maturities are generally of a longer-term nature. However, our liquidity could be impacted significantly by the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors ". 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 1,502.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 71.5 million compared to 1,573.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the unfavorable timing of working capital and lower net income adjusted for non-cash add-backs, partially offset by lower income taxes paid and lower payments for incentive compensation. The unfavorable timing of working capital includes the prior year net repayment against various tax payment deferrals programs associated with the coronavirus pandemic. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 625.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 115.2 million compared to 509.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to higher capital expenditures as a result of significant investment in our Americas breweries, partially offset by higher cash inflows from other investing activities. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 889.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 282.7 million compared to 1,172.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to lower net debt repayments, partially offset by higher dividend payments and Class B common stock share 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 repurchases. 
 Capital Resources, including Material Cash Requirements 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We had total cash and cash equivalents of 600.0 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 637.4 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to capital expenditures, net debt repayments, including the repayment of our 500 million 3.5 USD notes which matured in May 2022, dividend payments, Class B common stock share repurchases and unfavorable foreign currency impact, partially offset by net cash provided by operating activities and from the sales of properties and other assets. 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional detail. The majority of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in a variety of highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. These investments are viewed by management as low-risk investments on which there are little to no restrictions regarding our ability to access the underlying cash to fund our operations as necessary. While we have some investments in prime money market funds at times, these are classified as cash and cash equivalents; however, we continually monitor the need for reclassification under the SEC requirements for money market funds, and the potential that the shares of such funds could have a net asset value of less than one dollar. We also utilize cash pooling arrangements to facilitate the access to cash across our geographies. 
 Working Capital 
 We actively manage working capital through inventory management as well as management of accounts payable and accounts receivable to ensure we are able to meet short-term obligations and we are effectively using assets to increase cash inflows. 
 Borrowings 
 We repaid our 500 million 3.5 USD notes upon maturity on May 1, 2022 using a combination of commercial paper borrowings and cash on hand. Refer to Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9, "Debt" for details. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Based on the credit profile of our lenders that are party to our credit facilities, we are confident in our ability to continue to draw on our revolving credit facility if the need arises. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had 1.5 billion a vailable to draw under our 1.5 billion revolving credit facility, as there were no outstanding revolving credit facility or commercial paper borrowings. 
 We intend to further utilize our cross-border, cross currency cash pool as well as our commercial paper programs for liquidity as needed. We also have CAD, GBP and USD overdraft facilities across several banks should we need additional short-term liquidity. 
 Under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. These include customary events 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 of default and specified representations, warranties and covenants, as well as covenants that restrict our ability to incur certain additional priority indebtedness (certain thresholds of secured consolidated net tangible assets), certain leverage threshold percentages, create or permit liens on assets and restrictions on mergers, acquisitions and certain types of sale lease-back transactions. 
 The maximum net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio, as defined by the amended revolving credit facility agreement, was 4.00x as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all of these restrictions and covenants, have met such financial ratios and have met all debt payment obligations. All of our outstanding senior notes as of December 31, 2022 rank pari-passu. 
 In October 2021, we further amended our existing revolving credit facility agreement to replace LIBOR with designated replacement rates for any future borrowings denominated in EUR or GBP to ensure continued, uninterrupted access to these markets should we need it. 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9, "Debt" for further discussion of our borrowings and available sources of borrowings, including lines of credit. 
 Guarantees 
 We guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity method investments and consolidated subsidiaries. Guarantees of the outstanding third-party debt of our equity method investments, which are classified as current on the consolidated balance sheets, have been excluded from the material cash requirements table below. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 3, "Investments" and Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion. 
 Material Cash Requirements from Contractual and Other Obligations 
 A summary of our material cash requirements from our contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2022, based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022, is as follows. 
 Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1 - 3 years 3 - 5 years More than 5 years (In millions) Debt obligations 6,515.1 389.8 856.4 2,368.9 2,900.0 Interest payments on debt obligations 3,209.5 224.4 417.3 333.9 2,233.9 Retirement plan expenditures (1) 
 381.7 43.5 77.7 76.3 184.2 Operating leases 159.0 50.0 61.2 26.7 21.1 Finance leases 86.8 8.6 16.6 16.5 45.1 Other long-term obligations (2) 
 2,195.5 509.5 728.7 502.8 454.5 Total obligations 12,547.6 1,225.8 2,157.9 3,325.1 5,838.8 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9, "Debt" , Note 11, "Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits," Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" and Note 8, "Leases" for additional information. 
 (1) Represents expected contributions of 4.0 million under our defined benefit pension plans in the next twelve months and our benefit payments under postretirement benefit plans for all periods presented. The net underfunded liability as of December 31, 2022 of our defined benefit pension plans (excluding our overfunded plans) and postretirement benefit plans is 38.4 million and 478.3 million, respectively. Defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors, including actual plan asset returns and interest rates, and thus, have been excluded from the above table. 
 (2) See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion of the majority of the other long-term obligations which includes supply and distribution and advertising and promotions commitments. The remaining balance relates to derivative payments, information technology services, open purchase orders and other commitments. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Other Commercial Commitments 
 Based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022, future commercial commitments are as follows: 
 Amount of commitment expiration per period Total amounts committed Less than 1 year 1 - 3 years 3 - 5 years More than 5 years (In millions) Standby letters of credit 54.0 51.0 2.9 0.1 
 Credit Rating 
 Our current long-term credit ratings are BBB-/Stable Outlook, Baa3/Stable Outlook and BBB(Low)/Stable Outlook with Standard Poor's, Moody's and DBRS, respectively. Our short-term credit ratings are A-3, Prime-3 and R-2(low), respectively. A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and it may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the applicable rating agency. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We incurred 694.7 million, and paid 661.4 million, for capital improvement projects worldwide for the year ended December 31, 2022, excluding capital spending by equity method joint ventures, representing an increase of 136.1 million from the 558.6 million of capital expenditures incurred for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to significant investment in our Americas breweries including the completion of a new brewery in Qu bec, Canada and the sustainability investment in our Golden, Colorado brewery. We continue to focus on where and how we employ our planned capital expenditures, with an emphasis on strengthening our focus on required returns on invested capital as we determine how to best allocate cash within the business. 
 
 Contingencies 
 We are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, environmental litigation and indemnities associated with our sale of Kaiser to FEMSA. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Refer to Part II Item 8 Financial Statements, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any other material off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make judgments and estimates that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on historical experience, current trends and various other assumptions we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. We review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly, including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates, to ensure compliance with U.S. GAAP. However, due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates, actual results may be materially different. We have identified the accounting estimates below as critical to understanding and evaluating the financial results reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 For a complete description of our significant accounting policies, see Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" . 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Our defined benefit pension plans cover certain current and former employees in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. Benefit accruals for the majority of employees in our U.S. and U.K. plans have been frozen and the plans are closed to new entrants. In the U.S., we also participate in, and make contributions to, multi-employer pension plans. Our OPEB plans provide medical benefits for retirees and their eligible dependents as well as life insurance and, in some cases, dental and vision coverage, for certain retirees in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. The U.S., Canada and U.K. defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded, but all OPEB plans are unfunded. We also offer defined contribution plans in each of our segments. 
 Accounting for pension and OPEB plans requires that we make assumptions that involve considerable judgment which are significant inputs in the actuarial models that measure our net pension and OPEB obligations and ultimately impact our earnings. These include the discount rate, long-term expected rate of return on assets, and plan asset fair value determination, 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 which are important assumptions used in determining the plans' funded status and annual net periodic pension and OPEB costs. Further assumptions include inflation considerations and health care cost trends. We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. We also, with the help of actuaries, periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in our actual experience or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our net pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related expense. The following discussion focuses on assumptions that are deemed to have the most material impact on our pension and OPEB liabilities and net periodic benefit cost. 
 Discount Rates 
 The assumed discount rates are used to present-value future benefit obligations based on each plan's respective estimated duration. Our pension and OPEB discount rates are based on our annual evaluation of high quality corporate bonds in various markets based on appropriate indices and actuarial guidance. We believe that our discount rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension and OPEB obligations and related expense. 
 As of December 31, 2022, on a weighted-average basis, the discount rates used were 5.01 for our defined benefit pension plans and 4.90 for our OPEB plans. The change from the weighted-average discount rates of 2.27 for our defined benefit pension plans and 2.59 for our OPEB plans as of December 31, 2021 is primarily due to increasing interest rates in 2022. 
 A 50 basis point change in our discount rate assumptions would have had the following effects on the projected benefit obligation balances as of December 31, 2022 for our pension and OPEB plans: 
 Impact to projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 - 50 basis points Decrease Increase (In millions) Projected benefit obligation - unfavorable (favorable) Pension obligation 156.6 (142.7) OPEB obligation 20.6 (19.6) Total impact to the projected benefit obligation 177.2 (162.3) 
 Our U.K. pension plan includes benefits linked to inflation. The above sensitivity analysis does not consider the implications to inflation resulting from the above contemplated discount rate changes. This sensitivity holds all other assumptions constant. 
 Long-Term Expected Rate of Return on Assets 
 The assumed long-term expected return on assets is used to estimate the actual return that will occur on each individual funded plan's respective plan assets in the upcoming year. We determine each plan's EROA with substantial input from independent investment specialists, including our actuaries and other consultants. In developing each plan's EROA, we consider current and expected asset allocations, historical market rates as well as historical and expected returns on each plan's individual asset classes. In developing future return expectations for each of our plan's assets, we evaluate general market trends as well as key elements of asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, yields and spreads. The calculation includes inputs for interest, inflation, credit and risk premium (active investment management) rates and fees paid to service providers. Based on the above factors and expected asset allocations, we have assumed, on a weighted-average basis, an EROA of 4.91 for our defined benefit pension plan assets for cost recognition in 2023. This is an increase from the weighted-average rate of 3.11 we assumed for 2022, primarily due to the significant increase in interest rates throughout 2022 as 65.2 of our portfolio was invested in fixed income securities as of year end. We believe that our EROA assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions or actual returns that differ significantly from estimated returns may materially affect our net periodic pension costs. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 A 50 basis point change in our expected return on assets assumptions made at the beginning of 2022 would have had the following effects on 2022 net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs. 
 Impact to 2022 pension and postretirement benefit costs - 50 basis points (unfavorable) favorable Decrease Increase (In millions) Description of pension and postretirement plan sensitivity item Expected return on pension plan assets (22.7) 23.9 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 The fair value of plan assets is determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in selecting an appropriate methodology and interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value, especially in the absence of quoted market values in an active market. Changes in these assumptions or the use of different market inputs may have a material impact on the estimated fair values or the ultimate amount at which the plan assets are available to satisfy our plan obligations. 
 Equity assets are diversified between domestic and other international investments. Relative allocations reflect the demographics of the respective plan participants. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 11, "Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits" for a comparison of target asset allocation percentages to actual asset allocations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Health Care Cost Trend Rates 
 The assumed health care cost trend rates represent the rates at which health care costs are assumed to increase and are based on actuarial input and consideration of historical and expected experience. We use these trends as a significant assumption in determining our postretirement benefit obligation and related costs. Changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care will impact this trend rate. An increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense of our postretirement health care plan. We believe that our health care cost trend rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our postretirement benefit obligations and related costs. As of December 31, 2022, the health care trend rates used were ranging ratably from 6.50 in 2023 to 3.57 in 2040, as compared to health care trend rates ranging ratably from 6.00 in 2022 to 3.57 in 2040 as of December 31, 2021. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 11, "Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits" for further information. 
 Contingencies, Environmental and Litigation Reserves 
 Contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves are recorded when probable, using our best estimate of loss. This estimate, involving significant judgment, is based on an evaluation of the range of loss related to such matters and where the amount and range can be reasonably estimated. These matters are generally resolved over a number of years and only when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Following our initial determination, we regularly reassess and revise the potential liability related to any pending matters as new information becomes available. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP, environmental and legal costs are expensed when incurred. We disclose pending loss contingencies when the loss is deemed reasonably possible, which requires significant judgment. As a result of the inherent uncertainty of these matters, the ultimate conclusion and actual cost of settlement may materially differ from our estimates. We recognize contingent gains upon the determination that realization is assured beyond a reasonable doubt, regardless of the perceived probability of a favorable outcome prior to achieving that assurance. In the instance of gain contingencies resulting from favorable litigation, due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in a legal proceeding, gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements are not recognized in income until cash or other forms of payment are received. If significant and probable, we disclose as appropriate. 
 See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for a discussion of our contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves as of December 31, 2022. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Asset Valuation 
 We evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that may indicate potential impairment. Our annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets was performed as of October 1, the first day of the last fiscal quarter. We evaluate our other definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Significant judgments and assumptions are required in such 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 impairment evaluations. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets were approximately 5.3 billion and 12.8 billion, respectively, with the goodwill balance entirely attributed to the Americas reporting unit. 
 We use a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market approaches to determine the fair value of each of our reporting units and an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of our indefinite-lived brand intangible assets. Our discounted cash flow projections include assumptions for growth rates for sales, costs and profits, which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans of each reporting unit or each indefinite-lived intangible asset. Additionally, discount rates used in our goodwill analysis are based on weighted-average cost of capital, driven by the prevailing interest rates in geographies where these businesses operate, as well as the credit ratings, financing abilities and opportunities of each reporting unit, among other factors. Discount rates for the indefinite-lived intangible analysis by brand largely reflect the rates supporting the overall reporting unit valuation but may differ slightly to adjust for country or market specific risk associated with a particular brand, among other factors. Our market-based valuations utilize earnings multiples of comparable public companies, which are reflective of the market in which each respective reporting unit operates. The key assumptions used to derive the estimated fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets represent Level 3 measurements. 
 Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows, specifically, an inability to execute on our strategic initiatives or an increase in costs driven by inflation or other factors that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets, (ii) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a global pandemic or recession), (iii) significant unfavorable changes in tax rates, (iv) volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher weighted-average cost of capital, (v) sensitivity to market multiples; and (vi) regulation limiting or banning the manufacturing, distribution or sale of alcoholic beverages. 
 If actual performance results differ significantly from our projections or we experience significant fluctuations in our other assumptions, a material impairment loss may occur in the future. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for further discussion and presentation of these amounts. 
 Annual Goodwill Impairment Test 
 As of the October 1, 2022 testing date, the carrying value of the Americas reporting unit was determined to be in excess of its fair value such that an impairment loss of 845.0 million was recorded. As this is a partial impairment of the reporting unit, the reporting unit is still considered to be at risk of future impairment. Assets are considered to be at heightened risk of future impairment if the fair value does not exceed its respective carrying value by 15.0 or more. The decline in the fair value of the Americas reporting unit in the current year was largely impacted by macroeconomic factors including an increase to the discount rate as a result of the recent rising interest rate environment as well as reductions in management forecasts and expectations due primarily to cost inflation pressures in the near to medium term and a softening beer industry in certain markets in which we operate. Specifically, the discount rate used in developing our annual fair value estimates for the Americas reporting unit in the current year was 8.75 based on market-specific factors, primarily the recent interest rate environment, as compared to 8.25 used as of the October 1, 2021 annual testing date. 
 Current projections used for the Americas reporting unit testing reflect growth assumptions associated with our continued plan to build on the strength of our iconic core brands, aggressively grow our above premium portfolio, expand beyond the beer aisle, invest in our capabilities and support our people and our communities, all of which are intended to benefit the projected cash flows of the business. While progress has been made on this strategy, including the increasing proportion of our above premium portfolio in the current year and the strengthening of our core brands, there is not enough historical data yet to comfortably predict future impacts and forecasted future cash flows are inherently at risk given that the strategies are still in progress. In addition, while we have included in our forecasted future cash flows estimates for expected cost inflation and adjusted our volumes to be reflective of the current beer industry trends, there is still inherent risk in achieving our goals. If our assumptions are not realized, it is possible that further impairment charges may be recorded in the future. For example, a 50 basis point increase in our discount rate assumptions, which is within a reasonable range of our historical discount rate fluctuations, could have a significant or material impact on the fair value of the Americas reporting unit holding all other assumptions and inputs constant. 
 As of the October 1, 2020 testing date, the carrying value of the EMEA APAC reporting unit was determined to be in excess of its fair value such that an impairment loss of 1,484.3 million, the full value of goodwill as of October 1, 2020, was recorded. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 The fair values of the Coors brands in the Americas, the Miller brands in the U.S, the Carling brands in the U.K., and the Staropramen brands in EMEA APAC continue to be sufficiently in excess of their respective carrying values as of the annual testing date, with each having over 15 cushion of fair value over book value. 
 We utilize Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. The future cash flows used in the analyses are based on internal cash flow projections based on our long range plans and include significant assumptions by management. The same macroeconomic factors impacting the discount rates of the Americas reporting unit are relevant to the indefinite-lived intangible assets with the Carling and Staropramen brands in EMEA APAC being further impacted by the effects of cost inflation driven by the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the associated impacts on consumer demand and discretionary spending primarily in Central and Eastern Europe. A 50 basis point increase in our discount rate assumptions would not have resulted in an impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Definite-Lived Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 Regarding definite-lived intangible assets, we continuously monitor the performance of the underlying assets for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed or useful lives should be re-assessed. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we identified a triggering event related to the Truss joint venture asset group within our Americas segment and recognized an impairment loss of 28.6 million, of which 12.1 million was attributable to the noncontrolling interest. The asset group was measured at fair value primarily using a market approach with Level 3 inputs. See Pa rt II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" and Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" for further details on these impairment losses. 
 No other material triggering events were identified in either 2022 or 2021 related to the definite-lived intangible assets or other definite-lived assets. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgment is required in determining our consolidated provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Additionally, our income tax provision is based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by many different tax authorities. 
 We are periodically subject to income tax audits in various foreign and domestic jurisdictions, which can involve questions regarding our tax positions and result in additional income tax liabilities assessed against us. Settlement of any challenge resulting from these tax controversies can result in a variety of resolutions including no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits. We measure and record the tax benefits from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Our estimated liabilities related to these matters are adjusted in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations for examination expires or when additional information becomes available. Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits requires the use of assumptions and significant judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates made are reasonable, actual results could differ and resulting adjustments could materially affect our effective tax rate and tax provision. 
 When cash is available after satisfying working capital needs and all other business obligations, we may distribute current earnings and the associated cash from a foreign subsidiary to its U.S. parent, and record the tax impact associated with the distribution. However, to the extent current earnings of our foreign operations exist and are not otherwise distributed or planned to be distributed, such earnings accumulate. These accumulated earnings are not considered permanently reinvested in our foreign operations. The taxes associated with any future repatriation of undistributed earnings are anticipated to be insignificant. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, including the reversal of existing temporary differences, historical and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The realization of tax benefits is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would decrease income tax expense in the period a determination was made. Likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase income tax expense in the period such determination was made. 
 There are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions in which we do business. As discussed in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12, "Income Tax" , we recognize the impacts of changes in tax law upon enactment, and therefore, proposed changes in tax law, regulations and rules are not reflected within our tax provision. As a result, such changes may, upon ultimate enactment, result in material impacts to our financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 In the normal course of our global operations, we are exposed to market risks associated with foreign currency exchange fluctuations, volatile interest rates and commodity price risks. To manage our exposure to these market risks, we enter into certain supplier-based and market-based hedging transactions. Such transactions are allowed under our risk management policy and are monitored closely with clear controls around the activities. Our market-based transactions include a variety of derivative financial instruments, none of which are used for trading or speculative purposes. The counterparties to these market-based transactions are generally highly rated institutions. Our objective is to manage our exposures and to decrease the volatility of our earnings and cash flows as a result of changes in underlying rates and costs. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to volatility in interest rates with regard to our current and future debt offerings. Specifically, we are exposed to U.S. Department of Treasury rates, Canadian government rates and LIBOR, or any such LIBOR alternative like SONIA, SOFR or EURIBOR, for example. We may from time to time enter into interest rate swaps on our current debt obligations as our hedging strategy is to achieve our desired fixed-to-floating rate debt profile such that we manage the volatility in earnings as well as the cost of funding our operations. Further, we may enter into forward starting interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to the volatility of interest rates associated with future interest payments on a forecasted debt issuance. 
 See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9. "Debt" for the maturity dates of our outstanding debt instruments. 
 
 The following table presents our fixed rate debt and forward starting interest rate swaps as well as the impact of an absolute 1 adverse change in interest rates on their respective fair values. Notional amounts and fair values are presented in USD based on the applicable exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Notional amounts Fair Value Asset/(Liability) Effect of 1 Adverse Change (in millions) As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 USD denominated fixed rate debt 4,900.0 5,400.0 (4,295.9) (5,952.7) (223.4) (200.0) Foreign currency denominated fixed rate debt 1,594.2 1,701.0 (1,557.4) (1,763.1) (11.1) (10.5) Forward starting interest rate swaps 1,000.0 1,500.0 40.0 (170.8) (73.8) (160.5) 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 Foreign currency exchange risk is inherent in our operations primarily due to operating results that are denominated in currencies other than the USD. We closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to foreign currency fluctuations. Our financial risk management policy is intended to offset a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rates on our earnings and cash flows. 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, transaction gains and losses associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries, royalty agreements and transactions denominated in currencies other than the USD, and their related cash flows, specifically related to the purchase of production inputs and imports, as well as our foreign currency-denominated debt. See Part II - Item, 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1. "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for our accounting policy over the accounting for translation adjustments and foreign currency transactions. 
 Approximately 3.2 billion, or 30 , o f our net sales were denominated in functional currencies other than the USD for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates other than the USD, particularly 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 the CAD and the GBP, may have a material impact on our reported results. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales denominated in CAD and GBP both approximated 1.2 billion for each respective currency . 
 We manage our foreign currency exposures through foreign currency forward contracts and net investment hedges. Our EUR foreign-denominated debt is a net investment hedge against our investment in our Europe business in order to hedge a portion of the foreign currency translational impacts. The changes in fair value of the net investment hedge due to the fluctuations in the spot rate is recorded to AOCI. Our foreign currency forward contracts manage our exposure related to certain royalty agreements, the purchase of production inputs and imports that are denominated in currencies other than the functional entity's local currency and other foreign currency exchange exposure. 
 From time to time, we may enter into cross currency swaps. We had no cross currency swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The following table includes details of our foreign currency forwards used to hedge our foreign exchange rate risk as well as the impact of a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the related foreign currency exchange rates on the fair value of the foreign currency forwards. Notional amounts and fair values are presented in USD based on the applicable exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Approximately 69 of our outstanding foreign currency forwards mature in 2023, 29 mature in 2024 and 2 mature thereafter. 
 Notional amounts Fair Value Asset/(Liability) Effect of 10 Adverse Change (in millions) As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Foreign currency denominated fixed rate debt 1,594.2 1,701.0 (1,557.4) (1,763.1) (142.6) (171.9) Foreign currency forwards 176.6 170.8 7.6 (1.5) (18.3) (19.0) 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We are exposed to volatility in commodity prices as we use commodities in the production and distribution of our products. We specifically hedge our exposure to fluctuations in the price of natural gas, aluminum, including surcharges relating to our aluminum exposures, corn, barley and diesel. We utilize market-based derivatives and long-term supplier-based contracts, specifically a combination of purchase orders, long-term supply contracts and over-the-counter financial instruments to mitigate our commodity price risk by establishing price certainty for select commodities that are used in our supply chain. 
 The following table includes details of our commodity swaps and options used to hedge commodity price risk as well as the impact of a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the related commodity prices on the fair value of the derivatives. Notional amounts and fair values are presented in USD based on the applicable exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Approximately 63 of commodity swaps mature in 2023, 34 of commodity swaps mature in 2024 and 3 of commodity swaps mature thereafter. 
 Notional amounts Fair Value Asset/(Liability) Effect of 10 Adverse Change (in millions) As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Swaps 525.2 722.1 69.0 300.8 (55.8) (95.7) Options 19.7 68.2 0.1 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Financial Statements Page Management's Report 
 58 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 62 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Noncontrolling Interests 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 67 
 Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" 
 67 
 Note 2, "New Accounting Pronouncements" 
 77 
 Note 3 , "Investments" 
 77 
 Note 4 , "Inventories" 
 80 
 Note 5 , "Properties" 
 80 
 Note 6 , "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" 
 81 
 Note 7, "Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities" 
 84 
 Note 8 , "Leases" 
 84 
 Note 9 , "Debt" 
 86 
 Note 1 0 , "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" 
 88 
 Note 1 1 , "Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits" 
 94 
 Note 12 , "Income Tax" 
 103 
 Note 1 3 , "Commitments and Contingencies" 
 106 
 Note 1 4 , "Stockholders' Equity" 
 110 
 Note 1 5 , "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)" 
 111 
 Note 1 6 , "Share-Based Payments" 
 112 
 Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" 
 115 
 Note 18 , "Segment Reporting" 
 117 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT 
 The preparation, integrity and objectivity of the financial statements and all other financial information included in this annual report are the responsibility of the management of Molson Coors Beverage Company. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, applying estimates based on management's best judgment where necessary. Management believes that all material uncertainties have been appropriately accounted for and disclosed. 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, provides an objective, independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. Their accompanying report is based upon an examination conducted in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), including tests of accounting procedures, records and internal control. 
 The Board of Directors, operating through its Audit Committee composed of independent, outside directors, monitors the Company's accounting control systems and reviews the results of the Company's auditing activities. The Audit Committee meets at least quarterly, either separately or jointly, with representatives of management, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and internal auditors. To ensure complete independence, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and the Company's internal auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee and may meet with or without the presence of management. 
 /s/ GAVIN D.K. HATTERSLEY 
 /s/ TRACEY I. JOUBERT Gavin D.K. Hattersley Tracey I. Joubert President Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Molson Coors Beverage Company Molson Coors Beverage Company February 21, 2023 February 21, 2023 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Molson Coors Beverage Company 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Molson Coors Beverage Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and noncontrolling interests and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(c) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Americas Reporting Unit 
 As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance related to the Americas reporting unit as of December 31, 2022 is 5,292 million. The carrying value of goodwill is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that may indicate potential impairment. The Company s annual impairment test is performed as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter. The evaluation involves comparing the reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value. If the fair value exceeds its respective carrying value, then management would conclude that no impairment has occurred. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value, the Company would recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess up to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. As a result of the annual impairment test, management concluded that the carrying value of the Americas reporting unit exceeded its fair value resulting in an impairment loss of 845 million. A combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and market approach is used by management to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment by management and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of the reporting unit may include the following, as disclosed by management, (i) growth rates for sales, costs and profits, which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans; (ii) prolonged weakening of economic conditions; or (iii) significant unfavorable changes in income tax rates, environmental or other regulations, including interpretations thereof, terminal growth rate, market multiples and / or weighted average cost of capital. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment for the Americas reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the Americas reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the growth rates for sales, terminal growth rate, market multiples, and weighted average cost of capital; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Americas reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the Americas reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analysis and market approach; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted cash flow analysis and market approach; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to the growth rates for sales, terminal growth rate, market multiples, and weighted average cost of capital. Evaluating the significant assumptions related to growth rates for sales involved evaluating whether the significant assumptions used were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Americas reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of (i) the appropriateness of the Company s discounted cash flow analysis and market approach and (ii) the reasonableness of the terminal growth rate, market multiples, and weighted average cost of capital significant assumptions. 

/s/ 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1974. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Sales Excise taxes ) ) ) Net sales Cost of goods sold ) ) ) Gross profit Marketing, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Goodwill impairment ) ) Other operating income (expense), net ) ) ) Equity income (loss) Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other pension and postretirement benefits (costs), net Other non-operating income (expense), net ) ) Total non-operating income (expense), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Molson Coors Beverage Company ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Molson Coors Beverage Company per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Dilutive effect of share-based awards Diluted 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (IN MILLIONS) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) Reclassification of derivative (gain) loss to income (loss) ) Net change in pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities ) ) Pension and other postretirement prior service (benefit) cost and net actuarial (gain) loss amortization and settlements to income (loss) ) ) Ownership share of unconsolidated subsidiaries' other comprehensive income (loss) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Molson Coors Beverage Company ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE) 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and other receivables Trade, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Other receivables Inventories, less allowance for obsolete inventories of and , respectively 
 Other current assets, net Total current assets Properties, net Goodwill Other intangibles, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Total current liabilities Long-term debt Pension and postretirement benefits Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 13 
 Molson Coors Beverage Company stockholders' equity Capital stock Preferred stock, par value (authorized: shares; issued) 
 Class A common stock, par value (authorized: shares; issued and outstanding: shares and shares, respectively) 
 Class B common stock, par value (authorized: shares; issued: shares and shares, respectively) 
 Class A exchangeable shares, no par value (issued and outstanding: shares and shares, respectively) 
 Class B exchangeable shares, no par value (issued and outstanding: shares and shares, respectively) 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Class B common stock held in treasury at cost shares and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Total Molson Coors Beverage Company stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (IN MILLIONS) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts Share-based compensation Goodwill impairment (Gain) loss on sale or impairment of properties and other assets, net Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency fluctuations and derivative instruments, net ) ) Equity (income) loss ) Income tax (benefit) expense Income tax (paid) received ) ) ) Interest expense, excluding amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts Interest paid ) ) ) Change in current assets and liabilities (net of impact of business combinations) and other Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Payables and other current liabilities ) ) Other assets and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Additions to properties ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of properties and other assets Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Exercise of stock options under equity compensation plans Dividends paid ) ) ) Payments for purchases of treasury stock ) Payments on debt and borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds on debt and borrowings Net proceeds from (payments on) revolving credit facilities and commercial paper ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Balance at beginning of year Balance at end of year 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. See Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for supplementary cash flow data. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (IN MILLIONS) 
 Molson Coors Beverage Company Stockholders' Equity Common stock Exchangeable Accumulated other Common Stock held in Non issued shares issued Paid-in- Retained comprehensive treasury controlling Total Class A Class B Class A Class B capital earnings income (loss) Class B interests Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Exchange of shares ) ) Shares issued under equity compensation plan ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Acquisition of business and purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions and dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Exchange of shares ) Shares issued under equity compensation plan Amortization of share-based compensation Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Molson Coors Beverage Company Stockholders' Equity Common stock Exchangeable Accumulated other Common Stock held in Non issued shares issued Paid-in- Retained comprehensive treasury controlling Total Class A Class B Class A Class B capital earnings income (loss) Class B interests Distributions and dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Exchange of shares ) Shares issued under equity compensation plan ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Share repurchase program ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions and dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

Cost Inflation 
 We have been experiencing significant cost inflation, including higher material, transportation and energy costs, which negatively impacted our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect cost inflation to continue to have a negative impact on our results of operations in 2023 and possibly beyond. To the extent materials, transportation and energy prices continue to fluctuate, our business and financial results could continue to be materially adversely impacted. We continue to monitor these risks and rely on our risk management hedging program, increased pricing to our customers, our premiumization strategy and cost savings programs to help mitigate some of the inflationary pressures. See Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis, "Items Affecting Reported Results" for further discussion. 
 For considerations of the effects of cost inflation to our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, see Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets." 
 Coronavirus Global Pandemic 
 We have been actively monitoring the impact of the coronavirus pandemic since it started at the end of the first quarter of 2020. The extent to which our operations will continue to be impacted by the coronavirus pandemic will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including, but not limited to, the level of governmental or societal orders or restrictions on public gatherings and on-premise venues including any vaccine mandates or testing requirements, the severity and duration of the coronavirus pandemic by market including future outbreaks of variants, changes in consumer behavior, the rate of vaccination and the efficacy of vaccines against the coronavirus and related variants. We continue to actively monitor the ongoing evolution of the coronavirus pandemic and resulting impacts to our business. 
 At the onset of the pandemic, during the first quarter of 2020, we initiated temporary keg relief programs in many of our markets which were negatively impacted. As a result, during 2020, we recognized a reduction to net sales of million reflecting estimated sales returns and reimbursements through these keg relief programs. Further, during 2020, we recognized charges of million within cost of goods sold related to obsolete finished goods keg inventories that were not expected to be sold within our freshness specifications, as well as the costs to facilitate the above mentioned keg returns. Additionally, during 2020, we recorded charges of million within cost of goods sold related to temporary "thank you" pay for certain essential Americas segment brewery employees. 
 In response to the ongoing impacts of the coronavirus pandemic, various governmental authorities globally announced relief programs, which among other items, provided temporary deferrals of non-income based tax payments, which positively impacted our operating cash flows in 2020. These temporary net tax payment deferrals of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, were primarily included within accounts payable and 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 million of temporary net tax payment deferrals as of December 31, 2020, approximately million was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021, with approximately million outstanding as of December 31, 2021. The remaining was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We protected and supported our liquidity position in response to the global economic uncertainty created by the coronavirus pandemic. Beginning with the second quarter of 2020 through the second quarter of 2021, our board of directors suspended our regular quarterly dividends on our Class A and Class B common and exchangeable shares. A quarterly dividend was reinstated in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Revitalization Plan 
 On October 28, 2019, we initiated a revitalization plan designed to allow us to invest across our portfolio to drive long-term, sustainable success. The revitalization plan established Chicago, Illinois as our Americas segment operational headquarters. We closed our office in Denver, Colorado and consolidated certain administrative functions into our other existing office locations. As of January 1, 2020, we changed our name to Molson Coors Beverage Company and changed our management structure to segments - Americas and EMEA APAC. We began to incur charges related to these restructuring activities during the fourth quarter of 2019 and we recognized severance and retention charges of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the revitalization plan restructuring charges were substantially complete. 
 See Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" for further discussion of the impacts of this plan. 

68 

Table of Contents 
). When the payment is not for a distinct good or service, or fair value cannot be reasonably estimated, the amortization of the prepayment or the cost as incurred is recorded as a reduction of revenue. Where a distinct good or service is received and fair value can be reasonably estimated, the cost is included as MG A expenses. The amounts deferred are reassessed regularly for recoverability over the contract period and are impaired where there is objective evidence that the benefits will not be realized or the asset is otherwise not recoverable. Separately, as discussed below, we analyze whether these advance payments contain a significant financing component for potential adjustment to the transaction price. 
 Our primary revenue generating activity represents the sale of beer and other malt beverages to customers, including both domestic and exported product sales. Our customer could be a distributor, retail or on-premise outlet, depending on the market. The majority of our revenues are generated from brands that we own and brew ourselves; however, we also import or brew and sell certain non-owned partner brands under licensing and related arrangements. In addition, primarily in the U.K., we sell other beverage companies' products to on-premise customers to provide them with a full range of products for their retail outlets. We refer to this as the "factored brand business." Sales from this business are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold. In the factored brand business, we normally purchase inventory, which includes excise taxes charged by the vendor, take orders from customers for such brands, negotiate with the customers on pricing and invoice customers for the product and related costs of delivery. In addition, we incur the risk of loss when we are in possession of the inventory and for the receivables due from the customers. Revenues for owned brands, partner and imported brands, as well as factored brands are recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer as discussed above. 
 Other Revenue Generating Activities 
 We contract manufacture for other brewers in some of our markets. These contractual agreements require us to brew, package and ship certain brands for these brewers, who then sell the products to their own customers in their respective markets. Revenues under contract brewing arrangements are recognized when our obligation related to the finished product is fulfilled and control of the product transfers to these other brewers. 
 We also have licensing agreements with third party partners who brew and distribute our products in various markets across our segments. Under these agreements, we are compensated based on the amount of products sold by our partners in these markets at an agreed upon royalty rate or profit percentage. We apply the sales-based royalty practical expedient to these licensing arrangements and recognize revenue as product is sold by our partners at the agreed upon rate. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 We have evaluated our primary revenue generating activities under the disaggregation disclosure criteria outlined within the guidance and concluded that disclosure at the geographical segment level depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors. We have also evaluated our other revenue generating activities and concluded that these activities are not material for separate disclosure. See Note 18, "Segment Reporting," for disclosure of revenues by geographic segment. 
 Variable Consideration 
 Our revenue generating activities include variable consideration which is recorded as a reduction of the transaction price based upon expected amounts at the time revenue for the corresponding product sale is recognized. For example, customer promotional discount programs are entered into with certain distributors for certain periods of time. The amount ultimately reimbursed to distributors is determined based upon agreed-upon promotional discounts which are applied to distributors' sales to retailers. Other common forms of variable consideration include volume rebates for meeting established sales targets, and coupons and mail-in rebates offered to the end consumer. The determination of the reduction of the transaction price for variable consideration requires that we make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. We estimate this variable consideration, including analyzing for a potential constraint on variable consideration, by taking into account factors such as the nature of the promotional activity, historical information and current trends, availability of actual results and expectations of customer and consumer behavior. 
 We do not have standard terms that permit return of product; however, in certain markets where returns occur we estimate the amount of returns as variable consideration based on historical return experience and adjust our revenue accordingly. Products that do not meet our high quality standards are returned by the customer or recalled and destroyed and are recorded as a reduction of revenue. The reversal of revenue is recorded upon determination that the product will be recalled and destroyed. We estimate the costs required to facilitate product returns and record them in cost of goods sold as required. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 such assets or liabilities existed as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Separately, trade accounts receivable, including affiliate receivables, approximates receivables from contracts with customers. 
 Shipping and Handling 

billion, billion and billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 This classification also includes general and administrative costs for functions such as finance, legal, human resources and information technology. These costs primarily consist of labor and outside services, as well as bad debt expense related to our allowance for doubtful accounts. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP, legal costs are expensed when incurred. These costs also include our marketing and sales organizations, including labor and other overheads. This line item additionally includes amortization costs associated with intangible assets, as well as certain depreciation costs related to non-production equipment and share-based compensation. 
 Share-based compensation is recognized using a straight-line method over the vesting period of the awards. We include estimated forfeitures expected to occur when calculating share-based compensation expense. Our share-based compensation 
 70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

Anti-dilutive securities excluded from the computation of diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were million, million and million shares, respectively. 
 Dividends 
 On November 10, 2022, our Company's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share, paid on December 15, 2022, to shareholders of Class A and Class B common stock of record on December 2, 2022. Shareholders of exchangeable shares received the CAD equivalent of dividends declared on Class A and Class B common stock, equal to CAD per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, dividends declared to eligible shareholders totaled per share, with the CAD equivalent totaling CAD per share. 
 In response to the global economic uncertainty created by the coronavirus pandemic, our Board of Directors suspended our regular quarterly dividend on our Class A and Class B common and exchangeable shares in May 2020. A quarterly dividend was reinstated during the third quarter of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, dividends declared to eligible shareholders totaled per share, with the CAD equivalent totaling CAD per share. During the year ended December 31, 2020, dividends declared to eligible shareholders totaled per share, with the CAD equivalent totaling CAD per share. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 17, 2022, our Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program up to an aggregate of million of our Company's Class B common stock through March 31, 2026, with the program primarily intended to offset annual employee equity award grants. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares under the share repurchase program at a weighted average price of per share, including brokerage commissions, for an aggregate value of million. 

Non-Cash Activity 
 Non-cash investing activities includes movements in our guarantee of indebtedness of certain equity method investments of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 3, "Investments" for further discussion. We also had other non-cash activities related to capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, we had non-cash activities related to our non-cash issuances of share-based awards. See Note 16, "Share-Based Payments" for further details. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million forward starting interest rate swap to May 2022 through a cashless settlement. The unrealized loss on the 2021 forward starting interest rate swap at the time of the transaction was factored into the effective interest rate assigned to the new May 2022 forward starting interest rate swap. See Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" for further details. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a recorded non-cash transaction related to the establishment of an accrued liability of million as the best estimate of the probable loss in the Keystone litigation case based on the jury verdict including associated interest. See Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further details. 
 Other than the activity mentioned above and the supplemental non-cash activity related to the recognition of leases discussed in Note 8, "Leases," there was no other significant non-cash activity in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

months. Maintenance and operating supplies include our inventories of spare parts, which are kept on hand for repairs and maintenance of machinery and equipment. The majority of spare parts within our business include motors, fillers and other components that are required to maintain a normal level of production in the event that expected maintenance and/or repairs are required. These parts are inventoried within current assets as they are reasonably expected to be used during the normal operating cycle of the business and are reserved for excess and obsolescence, as appropriate. The allowance for obsolete supplies was million and million as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 - years; production and office equipment - years; and software: - years. Land is not depreciated and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Costs of enhancements or modifications that substantially extend the capacity or useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated accordingly. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property is sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our consolidated balance sheets and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is reflected in our consolidated statements of operations. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. Our asset groups are generally identified at the segment level with the exception of certain craft breweries or other locations which may operate on a more stand-alone basis, such as our Truss LP joint venture. 
 Returnable containers are recorded at acquisition cost and consist of returnable bottles, kegs, pallets and crates that are both in our direct control within our breweries, warehouses and distribution facilities and those that we indirectly control in the market through our agreements with our customers and other brewers and for which a deposit is received. The deposits received on our returnable containers in the market are recorded as deposit liabilities, included as current liabilities within accounts payable and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We estimate that the loss, breakage and deterioration of our returnable containers is comparable to the depreciation calculated on an estimated useful life of up to years for bottles, years for pallets, years for crates and years for returnable kegs. We also own and maintain other equipment in the market related to delivery of our products to end consumers, for example on-premise dispense equipment and refrigeration units. This equipment is recorded at acquisition cost and depreciated over lives of up to years, depending on the market, reflecting the use of the equipment, as well as the loss and deterioration of the asset. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

reporting units, Americas and EMEA APAC. See further discussion in Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangibles." 
 
 See Note 3, "Investments" for further information regarding our equity method investments. There are no related parties that own interests in our equity method investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 years. Certain of our lease agreements contain options to extend or early terminate the agreement. The lease term used to calculate the right-of-use ("ROU") asset and lease liability at commencement includes the impacts of options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. When determining whether it is reasonably certain that we will exercise an option at commencement, we consider various existing economic factors, including real estate strategies, the nature, length and terms of the agreement, as well as the uncertainty of the condition of leased equipment at the end of the lease term. Based on these determinations, we generally conclude that the exercise of renewal options would not be reasonably certain in determining the lease term at commencement. Assumptions made at the commencement date are re-evaluated upon occurrence of certain events requiring a lease modification. Additionally, for certain equipment leases involving groups of similar leased assets with similar lease terms, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. 
 The discount rate used to calculate the present value of the future minimum lease payments is the rate implicit in the lease, when readily determinable. As the rate implicit in the lease is rarely readily determinable, we use our incremental borrowing rate relative to the leased asset in all other cases. 
 Certain of our leases include variable payments, primarily for items such as property taxes, insurance, maintenance and other operating expenses associated with leased assets. These variable payments are excluded from the measurement of our lease assets and liabilities and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

76 

Table of Contents 

 per share, to be paid on March 17, 2023, to shareholders of Class A and Class B common stock of record on March 3, 2023. Shareholders of exchangeable shares will receive the CAD equivalent of dividends declared on Class A and Class B common stock. 
 
 2. 

3. 
 million of debt as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. We have not provided any financial support to any of our VIEs during 2022 that we were not previously contractually obligated to provide. Amounts due to and due from our equity method investments are recorded as affiliate accounts payable and affiliate accounts receivable. See below under "Affiliate Transactions" for further details. 
 Authoritative guidance related to the consolidation of VIEs requires that we continually reassess whether we are the primary beneficiary of VIEs in which we have an interest. As such, the conclusion regarding the primary beneficiary status is subject to change and we continually evaluate circumstances that could require consolidation or deconsolidation. Our 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 million and million recorded as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which is presented within accounts payable and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and represents our proportionate share of the outstanding balance of these debt instruments. The carrying value of the guarantee liability equals fair value, which considers an adjustment for our own non-performance risk and is considered a Level 2 measurement. The offset to the guarantee liability was recorded as an adjustment to our respective equity method investment within the consolidated balance sheets. The resulting change in our equity method investments during the year due to movements in the guarantee represents a non-cash investing activity. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 BRI 
 BRI is a beer distribution and retail network for the Ontario region of Canada, with majority of the ownership residing with Molson Canada 2005, Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. (a subsidiary of Sapporo International). BRI charges its owners administrative fees that are designed so the entity operates on a cash neutral basis. This administrative fee is based on costs incurred, net of other revenues earned, and is allocated in accordance with the operating agreement to its owners based on volume of products. Contractual provisions cause participation in governance and other interests to fluctuate based on this calculated market share requiring frequent primary beneficiary evaluations. However, based on the existing structure, control is shared, and remains shared through such changes, and therefore we do not anticipate becoming the primary beneficiary in the foreseeable future. We consider BRI an affiliate. 
 We have an obligation to proportionately fund BRI's operations. As a result of this obligation, we continue to record our proportional share of BRI's net income or loss and OCI activity, including when we have a negative equity method balance. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had a positive equity method investment balance of million and million, respectively. See "Affiliate Transactions" below for BRI affiliate due to and due from balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to trade receivables and payables for sales to external customers and costs incurred by BRI offset by administrative fees charged and paid by MCBC (which may be in a payable or receivable position depending on the amount under or over charged). 
 BDL 
 BDL is a distribution operation owned by Molson Canada 2005 and Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) that, pursuant to an operating agreement, acts as an agent for the distribution of their products in the western provinces of Canada. The owners share equal voting control of this business. We consider BDL an affiliate. 
 BDL charges the owners administrative fees that are designed so the entity operates at break-even profit levels. This administrative fee is based on costs incurred, net of other revenues earned, and is allocated in accordance with the operating agreement to the owners based on volume of products. Our investment in BDL was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. See "Affiliate Transactions" section below for BDL affiliate due to and due from balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to trade receivables and payables for sales to external customers and costs incurred by BDL offset by administrative fees charged and paid by MCBC (which may be in a payable or receivable position depending on the amount under or over charged). 
 Other 
 In the third quarter of 2020, we formed TYC, a joint venture equally owned by MCBC and DGY West that, pursuant to an operating agreement, was formed to expand commercialization of Yuengling's brands for any new market expansion outside of Yuengling's then -state footprint and New England in the U.S. During the third quarter of 2021, TYC commenced retail operations with its first product sales in the state of Texas and in the fourth quarter of 2022, TYC announced that it will expand into new markets consisting of Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri. We have concluded that TYC is a VIE for which we are not the primary beneficiary and therefore is accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 We have certain other immaterial equity investments we enter into from time to time that align with our organizational strategies and growth initiatives. 
 Our equity method investments are not considered significant for disclosure of financial information on either an individual or aggregated basis and there were no significant undistributed earnings as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, for any of these companies. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 ) BDL Other Total 
 Consolidated VIEs 
 Rocky Mountain Metal Container 
 RMMC, a Colorado limited liability company, is a joint venture with Ball Corporation in which we hold a interest. Our U.S. business has a can and end supply agreement with RMMC. Under this agreement, we purchase substantially all of the output of RMMC. RMMC manufactures cans and ends at our facilities, which RMMC is operating under a use and license agreement. As RMMC is a limited liability company LLC ), the tax consequences flow to the joint venture partners. 
 Rocky Mountain Bottle Company 
 RMBC, a Colorado limited liability company, is a joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc in which we hold a interest. Our U.S. business has a supply agreement with RMBC under which we agree to purchase output approximating the agreed upon annual plant capacity of RMBC. RMBC manufactures bottles at our facilities, which RMBC is operating under a lease agreement. As RMBC is an LLC, the tax consequences flow to the joint venture partners. 
 Cobra U.K. 
 We hold a interest in Cobra U.K., which owns the worldwide rights to the Cobra beer brand (with the exception of the Indian sub-continent, owned by Cobra India). The noncontrolling interest is held by the founder of the Cobra beer brand. We consolidate the results and financial position of Cobra U.K., and it is reported within our EMEA APAC segment. 
 Truss 
 Truss is a joint venture with HEXO, created to pursue opportunities to develop, produce and market non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages in Canada. Truss is structured as a standalone company with its own board of directors and an independent management team. We maintain a controlling interest in Truss, which is a VIE that is consolidated. Truss subleased the location of its production facility in Belleville, Ontario from HEXO for a portion of the year ended December 31, 2022 and directly from a third party landlord for the remaining portion of the year. 
 Other 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Work in process Raw materials Packaging materials Inventories, net 
 
 5. 
 Buildings and improvements Production and office equipment Software Construction in progress Other Total properties cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Properties, net 
 As of December 31, 2022, we modified the presentation of the subcategories of properties. The presentation of the subcategories of properties as of December 31, 2021 have been reclassified to conform to the presentation used as of December 31, 2022. 
 million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. The decrease in depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to assets becoming fully depreciated during the year, favorable impacts from foreign currency movements and a decrease in accelerated depreciation recorded as a result of certain facility closures. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Foreign currency translation, net Gross carrying value of goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Impairments ) ) Foreign currency translation, net ) ) Gross carrying value of goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 ) License agreements and distribution rights - 
 ) Other - 
 ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Brands Indefinite Distribution networks Indefinite Other Indefinite Total ) 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 ) License agreements and distribution rights - 
 ) Other - 
 ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Brands Indefinite Distribution networks Indefinite Other Indefinite Total ) 
 The changes in the gross carrying amounts of intangible assets from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 are primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange rates, as a significant amount of intangible assets are denominated in foreign currencies. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. This expense is primarily presented within MG A in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Annual 2022 Impairment Assessment 
 We completed our required annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of October 1, 2022, the first day of our fourth quarter, using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and market approach in the determination of fair value and concluded that the carrying value of the Americas reporting unit was in excess of its fair value amount such that an impairment loss of million was recorded to the "Goodwill impairment" line item on the consolidated statements of operations. Due to the partial impairment of the Americas reporting unit goodwill, the remaining goodwill balance related to this reporting unit is still considered to be at risk for future impairments as further discussed below. Prior to the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we tested the recoverability of the indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets within our Americas reporting unit and concluded no impairments were noted. 
 The decline in the fair value of the Americas reporting unit in the current year was largely impacted by macroeconomic factors including an increase to the discount rate as a result of the recent rising interest rate environment as well as reductions in management forecasts and expectations due primarily to cost inflation pressures in the near to medium term and a softening beer market in certain markets in which we operate. Specifically, the discount rate used in developing our annual fair value estimates for the Americas reporting unit in the current year was based on market-specific factors as compared to used as of the October 1, 2021 annual testing date. 
 Due to the partial impairment charge, the reporting unit is still considered to be at risk of future impairment. We continue to focus on building on the strength of our iconic core brands, growing our above premium portfolio and expanding beyond the beer aisle. While progress has been made on this strategy, including the increasing proportion of our above premium portfolio over the last several years and the strengthening of our core brands, the growth targets included in management s forecasted future cash flows are inherently at risk given that the strategies are still in progress. In addition, these growth targets have been 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 as of the annual testing date and therefore are not considered at risk for potential future impairment. 
 We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. An excess earnings approach is used to determine the fair values of these assets as of the testing date. The future cash flows used in the analysis are based on internal cash flow projections based on our long range plans and include significant assumptions by management as noted below. 
 Separately, we performed a qualitative assessment of our water rights indefinite-lived intangible assets in the U.S. to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair values of these assets were greater than their respective carrying amounts. Based on this qualitative assessment, we determined that a full quantitative analysis was not necessary. 
 Key Assumptions 
 Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future, and if our assumptions are not realized, it is possible that impairment charges may need to be recorded in the future. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows, specifically, an inability to execute on our strategic initiatives or increase in costs driven by inflation or other factors that could significantly impact our immediate and long range results, a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long-term volume trends, a continuation of the trend away from core brands in certain of our markets, especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market, unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets, (ii) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a global pandemic or recession), (iii) significant unfavorable changes in tax rates (iv) volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher weighted-average cost of capital, (v) sensitivity to market multiples; and (vi) regulation limiting or banning the manufacturing, distribution or sale of alcoholic beverages. 
 Based on known facts and circumstances, we evaluate and consider recent events and uncertain items, as well as related potential implications, as part of our annual assessment and incorporate them into the analyses as appropriate. These facts and circumstances are subject to change and may impact future analyses. For example, we continue to monitor the challenges within the beer industry for further weakening or additional systemic structural declines, as well as for adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions such as cost inflation and the lingering coronavirus pandemic and the potential impacts either may have on our immediate or long range results. We also continuously monitor the market inputs used in calculating our discount rates, including risk-free rates, equity premiums and our cost of debt, which could result in a meaningful change to our weighted-average cost of capital calculation, as well as the market multiples used in our impairment assessment. Substantial changes in any of these inputs could lead to a material impairment. Furthermore, increased volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, including, but not limited to, extended or future government intervention in response to inflation or the pandemic, could also result in a meaningful change to our weighted-average cost of capital calculation and other inputs used in our impairment assessment. 
 Annual 2021 Impairment Assessment 
 We completed our required annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment analysis as of October 1, 2021 and concluded that the fair value of the Americas reporting unit was determined to be in excess of its carrying amount and no goodwill impairment charge was required. While the Americas reporting unit did not have an impairment of goodwill, it was considered to be at risk for future impairments with only cushion of fair value in excess of carrying value. 
 We also evaluated the indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets within our Americas and EMEA APAC reporting unit and concluded no impairments were required for our indefinite-lived assets or definite-lived intangible assets. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million was attributable to the noncontrolling interest. The asset group was measured at fair value primarily using a market approach with Level 3 inputs. See Note 17, "Other Operating Income (Expense), net" for further details on impairment losses recorded. 
 No other material triggering events were identified in either 2022 or 2021 related to definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets. 
 
 7. 
 Accrued compensation Accrued excise and other non-income related taxes Accrued interest Returnable container deposit liabilities Operating leases Other (1) 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

8. 
 Finance lease expense Total lease expense 

84 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Supplemental non-cash information on right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Operating leases Finance leases 
 Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable and other current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Finance lease right-of-use assets Properties, net Current finance lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Non-current finance lease liabilities Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term (Years) Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Executed leases that have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022 are not material except for master railcar leases with total undiscounted payments of million expected to commence in 2023. 
 
 9. 
 million notes due May 2022 (1)(2) 
 CAD million notes due July 2023 (3)(4) 
 EUR million notes due July 2024 (3) 
 CAD million notes due July 2026 (3)(4) 
 billion notes due July 2026 (3) 
 billion notes due May 2042 (2) 
 billion notes due July 2046 (3) 
 Finance leases Other Less: unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt (including current portion) Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt Short-term borrowings Short-term borrowings (5) 
 Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings 
 (1) We repaid our million USD notes upon maturity on May 1, 2022 using a combination of commercial paper borrowings and cash on hand. 
 (2) On May 3, 2012, we issued approximately billion of senior notes with portions maturing in 2017, 2022 and 2042. The issuance resulted in total proceeds, before expenses, of approximately billion, net of underwriting fees and discounts of million and million, respectively. Approximately billion of senior notes remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and the total remaining debt issuance costs capitalized in connection with these notes, including the underwriting fees and discounts, were million and are being amortized over the term of the 2042 notes. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 billion senior notes with portions maturing from July 15, 2019 through July 15, 2046 ("2016 USD Notes"). Approximately billion remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. At the same time in 2016, MCBC also issued EUR million senior notes maturing July 15, 2024 ("2016 EUR Notes"), and Molson Coors International L.P., completed a private placement of CAD billion senior notes maturing July 15, 2023 and July 15, 2026 ("2016 CAD Notes"). All senior notes were issued in order to partially fund the financing of the Acquisition (2016 USD Notes, 2016 EUR Notes and 2016 CAD Notes, collectively, the "2016 Notes"). Debt issuance costs capitalized in connection with these notes including underwriting fees, discounts and other financing related costs, were million as of December 31, 2022 and are being amortized over the respective and remaining terms of the 2016 Notes. 
 (4) We entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements to hedge interest rate volatility for a period until they were settled on September 18, 2015. We are amortizing a portion of the resulting loss from AOCI to interest expense over the remaining term of the 2016 CAD Notes, as defined above, up to the full term of the interest rate swap agreements. The amortizing loss resulted in an increase in our effective cost of borrowing compared to the stated coupon rates by on the 2016 CAD Notes. See Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" for further details on the forward starting interest rate swaps. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2022, we had million in bank overdrafts and million in bank cash related to our cross-border, cross-currency cash pool for a net positive position of million. As of December 31, 2021, we had million in bank overdrafts and million in bank cash related to our cross-border, cross-currency cash pool for a net positive position of million. 
 The JPY facilities were early terminated in the first quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we had million of outstanding borrowings under our JPY facilities. In addition, we have CAD, GBP and USD overdraft facilities under which we had outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 A summary of our short-term facility availability is presented below. See Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion related to letters of credit. 
 CAD unlimited overdraft facility at CAD Prime plus 
 GBP million overdraft facility at GBP base rate plus 
 USD million overdraft facility at USD Prime plus 
 Debt Fair Value Measurements 
 We utilize market approaches to estimate the fair value of certain outstanding borrowings by discounting anticipated future cash flows derived from the contractual terms of the obligations and observable market interest and foreign exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of our outstanding long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt) was approximately billion and billion, respectively. The decline in the fair value of our debt was primarily driven by rising interest rates, lower notional outstanding and foreign currency impacts. All senior notes are valued based on significant observable inputs and classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The carrying values of all other outstanding long-term borrowings and our short-term borrowings approximate their fair values and are also classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Revolving Credit Facility and Commercial Paper 
 We maintain a billion revolving credit facility with a maturity date of July 7, 2024 that also allows us to issue a maximum aggregate amount of billion in commercial paper or make other borrowings at any time at variable interest rates. We use this financing from time to time to leverage cash needs including debt repayments. During 2022, we utilized borrowings from this facility in order to fund the repayment of debt upon maturity, for working capital and for general purposes. We had borrowings drawn on this revolving credit facility and commercial paper borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. These include customary events of default and specified representations, warranties and covenants, as well as covenants that restrict our ability to incur certain additional priority indebtedness (certain thresholds of secured consolidated net tangible assets), certain leverage threshold percentages, create or permit liens on assets, and restrictions on mergers, acquisitions, and certain types of sale lease-back transactions. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 x net debt to EBITDA (as defined in the revolving credit facility agreement), through maturity of the credit facility. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all of these restrictions and covenants, have met such financial ratios, and have met all debt payment obligations. All of our outstanding senior notes as of December 31, 2022 rank pari-passu. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The aggregate principal debt maturities in the table above excludes Other and Finance leases. The future maturities of finance leases are disclosed in Note 8, "Leases." 
 Interest capitalized ) ) ) Interest expensed 
 
 10. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

89 

Table of Contents 

 million senior notes maturing July 15, 2024 to partially fund the Acquisition. Concurrent with the issuance of these notes, we simultaneously designated the principals as net investment hedges of our investment in our Europe business in order to hedge a portion of the foreign currency translational impacts and, accordingly, record the changes in the carrying value due to fluctuations in the spot rate to AOCI. See Note 9, "Debt" for further discussion. 
 Cross Currency Swaps 
 In 2019, we entered into cross currency swap agreements having a total notional value of approximately EUR million million upon execution) in order to hedge a portion of the foreign currency translational impacts of our European investment. Upon repayment of the billion senior notes at maturity in July 2021, we settled the associated cross currency swap resulting in a net cash payment of million, consisting of the final loss on the cross currency swap of million partially offset by the final interest received. The settlement of these cross currency swaps were classified as investing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 We had designated each of these cross currency swaps as net investment hedges and accordingly, recorded changes in fair value due to fluctuations in the spot rate to AOCI. The changes in fair value of the swaps attributable to changes other than those due to fluctuations in the spot rate were excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded to interest expense over the life of the hedge. 
 Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps 
 During 2018, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional amount totaling billion with termination dates of July 2021, May 2022 and July 2026. The swaps had effective dates mirroring the terms of the forecasted debt issuances. Under the agreements, we are required to early terminate these swaps at the time we expect to issue the related forecasted debt. We have designated these contracts as cash flow hedges. As a result, the unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses are recorded to AOCI until termination at which point the realized gain or loss of these swaps at issuance of the hedged debt are reclassified from AOCI and amortized to interest expense over the term of the hedged debt. 
 In June 2021, we early terminated our million forward starting interest rate swap that was originally set to terminate in July 2021. This forward starting interest rate swap was rolled forward to May 2022 through a cashless settlement. The new May 2022 forward starting interest rate swap was incremental to our existing May 2022 forward starting interest rate swap that was executed in 2018, both of which were hedging our forecasted debt issuance expected to occur during 2022. In late April 2022, the forward starting interest rate swaps associated with the million notes that we repaid upon maturity on May 1, 2022 were terminated and settled. The immaterial loss on settlement of the swaps was recorded through interest expense during the second quarter of 2022. 
 In 2015 we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional of CAD million in order to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with the future interest payments on the forecasted CAD debt issuances, which ultimately became the 2015 Notes and a portion of the 2016 Notes. The swaps had an effective date of September 2015 and a termination date of September 2025 mirroring the terms of the initially forecasted CAD debt issuance. Under these agreements we were required to early terminate these swaps at the approximate time we issued the previously forecasted debt. We had designated these contracts as cash flow hedges and accordingly, a portion of the CAD million million at settlement) loss on the forward starting interest rate swaps is being reclassified from AOCI and amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the 2015 Notes, repaid in September 2020, and over portions of the 2016 CAD Notes up to the full term of the interest rate swap agreements. The remaining unamortized portion of the loss in AOCI as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 Foreign Currency Forwards 
 We have financial foreign exchange forward contracts in place to manage our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We hedge foreign currency exposure related to certain royalty agreements, exposure associated with the purchase of production inputs and imports that are denominated in currencies other than the functional entity's local currency and other foreign exchanges exposures. These contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency transactions. We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge these future forecasted transactions up to a month horizon. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 months out in the future for use in our supply chain, in line with our risk management policy. Further, we hedge forecasted purchases of barley based on crop year and physical inventory management. For purposes of measuring segment operating performance, the unrealized changes in fair value of the swaps not designated in hedge accounting relationships are reported in Unallocated outside of the segment specific operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing is realized. At that time, we reclassify the gain or loss from Unallocated to the operating segment, allowing our operating segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. 
 Warrants 
 In the fourth quarter of 2018, in connection with the formation of the Truss joint venture, as discussed further in Note 3, "Investments," our joint venture partner, HEXO, issued to our Canadian subsidiary warrants to purchase common shares of HEXO at any time during the three year period following the formation of the joint venture. The warrants to acquire common shares of HEXO expired unexercised on October 4, 2021. All changes in the fair value of the warrants subsequent to issuance and until expiration were recorded in other non-operating income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 We utilize market approaches to estimate the fair value of our derivative instruments by discounting anticipated future cash flows derived from the derivative's contractual terms and observable market interest, foreign exchange and commodity rates. The fair values of our derivatives also include credit risk adjustments to account for our counterparties' credit risk, as well as our own non-performance risk, as appropriate. 
 Foreign currency forwards Commodity swaps and options Total Fair Value Measurements as of 
 December 31, 2021 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 2021 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In millions) Interest rate swaps ) ) Foreign currency forwards ) ) Commodity swaps and options Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2. New derivative contracts tran sacted during 2022 were all included in Level 2. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Other non-current assets Other liabilities Foreign currency forwards Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets Other liabilities ) Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Commodity swaps (1) 
 Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets Other liabilities ) Commodity options (1) 
 Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) 
 December 31, 2021 Asset derivatives Liability derivatives Notional amount Balance sheet location Fair value Balance sheet location Fair value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets Other liabilities ) Foreign currency forwards Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets Other liabilities ) Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Commodity swaps (1) 
 Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets Other liabilities ) Commodity options (1) 
 Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income (expense), net ) Foreign currency forwards Cost of goods sold Other non-operating income (expense), net ) Total ) For the year ended December 31, 2021 Forward starting interest rate swaps Interest income (expense), net ) Foreign currency forwards Cost of goods sold ) Other non-operating income (expense), net Total ) For the year ended December 31, 2020 Forward starting interest rate swaps ) Interest income (expense), net ) Foreign currency forwards ) Cost of goods sold Other non-operating income (expense), net ) Total ) 
 The Pretax Effect of Net Investment Hedge Accounting on Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Income (Loss) (in millions) 
 Net investment hedge relationships Amount of gain (loss) recognized in OCI Location of gain (loss) recognized in income (amount excluded from effectiveness testing) Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income (amount excluded from effectiveness testing)(1) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 EUR million notes due 2024 
 Other non-operating income (expense), net Total For the year ended December 31, 2021 Cross currency swaps Interest income (expense), net EUR million notes due 2024 
 Other non-operating income (expense), net Total For the year ended December 31, 2020 Cross currency swaps ) Interest income (expense), net EUR million notes due 2024 
 ) Other non-operating income (expense), net Total ) 
 (1) Represents amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for which the difference between changes in fair value and period amortization is recorded in other comprehensive income. 
 The cumulative translation adjustments related to our net investment hedges remain in AOCI until the respective underlying net investment is sold or liquidated. During the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, we did not reclassify any amounts related to net investment hedges from AOCI into earnings. 
 We expect net gains o f approximately million (pretax) recorded in AOCI as of December 31, 2022 will be reclassified into earnings within the next months. For derivatives designated in cash flow hedge relationships, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged as of December 31, 2022 is approximately years, as well as those related to our forecasted debt issuances in 2026. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Total For the year ended December 31, 2021 Commodity swaps Cost of goods sold Commodity options Cost of goods sold Warrants Other non-operating income (expense), net ) Total For the year ended December 31, 2020 Commodity swaps Cost of goods sold Warrants Other non-operating income (expense), net ) Total 
 
 11. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, the U.S. postretirement health plan qualifies for the federal subsidy under the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 the Act because the prescription drug benefits provided under our postretirement health plan for Medicare eligible retirees generally require lower premiums from covered retirees and have lower co-payments and deductibles than the benefits provided in Medicare Part D and, accordingly, are actuarially equivalent to or better than the benefits provided under the Act. The benefits paid, including prescription drugs, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no subsidies received for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and immaterial subsidies received for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Defined Benefit and OPEB Plans 
 Current Year Pension Transactions 
 Purchase of an Annuity Contract in Canada 
 During December 2022, we purchased an annuity contract to transfer all of the pension plan liabilities, approximately million of projected benefit obligations as of December 31, 2021, of a certain pension plan and the associated administration of benefits to an insurance company using that plan's assets. This transaction had no impact on the amount, timing or form of the retirement benefit payments to the affected retirees and beneficiaries. Because approximately ninety-three percent of plan participants reside in jurisdictions allowing a company to discharge its pension liability, approximately ninety-three percent of the plan's liabilities and associated assets were written off. The remaining portion of plan assets and plan liabilities are recorded on our balance sheet as a buy-in transaction. Due to the close proximity to year end, the remaining pension plan assets and liabilities of the plan not discharged were remeasured using updated actuarial assumptions in conjunction with the year-end pension valuation. 
 Purchase of an Annuity Contract in the United States 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we purchased an annuity contract to transfer approximately million, or approximately twenty percent, of U.S. qualified pension plan liabilities and the associated administration of benefits to an insurance company using U.S. qualified pension plan assets. This transaction had no impact on the amount, timing or form of 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 million GBP, or over fifty percent of the U.K. Pension Plan obligation as of December 31, 2021. Under the swap, the U.K. Pension Plan will be responsible for fixed payments to the insurer based on the assumptions outlined at the execution of the swap related to the estimated life expectancy of the covered participants while the insurer will be responsible for floating payments to the U.K. Pension Plan based on actual mortality experience of the covered participants. The longevity swap is accounted for as an asset of the U.K. Pension Plan and is valued at fair value in conjunction with the annual plan remeasurement on December 31 of each fiscal year. At execution of the swap, there was no value assigned to the swap due to the longevity swap insurance contract being entered into at market terms. In addition, no plan remeasurement was triggered at the execution of the contract as the swap does not relieve the U.K. Pension Plan of primary responsibility for the pension benefit obligation. As of December 31, 2022, the annual plan remeasurement resulted in an immaterial value of the swap. We will continue to revalue the swap annually as part of each year-end remeasurement. Benefit payments to the covered participants will continue to be paid from the U.K. Pension Plan, and there is no change to any contractual benefits owed to the covered participants by the U.K. Pension Plan. 
 Other pension and postretirement (benefit) cost, net Interest cost Expected return on plan assets, net of expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (benefit) cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) Curtailment, settlement or special termination benefit (gain) loss (1) 
 Expected participant contributions ) ) ) ) ) ) Total other pension and postretirement (benefit) cost, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic pension and OPEB (benefit) cost ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) The pension settlement charge recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of a settlement loss of million that was recorded as a result of the annuity purchase for a certain Canadian pension plan described above, partially offset by a settlement gain of million that was recorded as a result of the annuity purchase for a portion of our U.S. qualified pension plan described above. 

95 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost, net of expected employee contributions Interest cost Actual employee contributions Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Curtailment, settlement and special termination ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate change ) ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Prior year fair value of assets Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions ) Actual employee contributions Curtailment, settlement and special termination ) ) ) ) Benefits and plan expenses paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate change ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded (underfunded) status ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Other non-current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension and postretirement benefits ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amounts recognized ) ) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for our defined benefit pension plans was approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The million increase in our underfunded status of our aggregate pension and OPEB plans from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the increase in discount rates from the prior year and the unfavorable asset returns experienced by our funded plans. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, certain defined benefit pension plans in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. were overfunded as a result of our ongoing de-risking strategy. 
 Projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Information for OPEB plans with an accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of plan assets has been disclosed above in "Obligations and Changes in Funded Status" as all of our OPEB plans are unfunded. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Net prior service (benefit) cost ) ) Total not yet recognized ) ) 
 Assumptions 
 Periodic pension and OPEB cost is actuarially calculated annually for each individual plan based on data available and assumptions made at the beginning of each year. Assumptions used in the calculation include the discount rate selected and disclosed at the end of the previous year as well as other assumptions detailed in the table below. 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A Health care cost trend rate N/A Ranging ratably from in 2022 to in 2040 
 N/A Ranging ratably from in 2021 to in 2040 
 N/A Ranging ratably from in 2020 to in 2040 
 
 Benefit obligations are actuarially calculated annually at the end of each year based on the assumptions detailed in the table below. Obligations under the OPEB plans are determined by the application of the terms of medical, dental, vision and life insurance plans, together with relevant actuarial assumptions and heath care cost trend rates. Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Health care cost trend rate N/A Ranging ratably from in 2023 to in 2040 
 N/A Ranging ratably from in 2022 to in 2040 
 
 The change to the weighted-average discount rates used for our defined benefit pension plans and postretirement plans as of December 31, 2022 from December 31, 2021, is primarily due to increasing interest rates in 2022 across all plans, with the most significant increase seen in the U.K. pension plan. 
 Investment Strategy 
 The obligations of our defined benefit pension plans in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. are supported by assets held in trusts for the payment of future benefits. The business segments are obligated to adequately fund these asset trusts. The underlying investments within our defined benefit pension plans include: cash and short-term instruments, debt securities, equity securities, investment funds, and other investments including derivatives, hedge fund of funds and real estate. Investment allocations reflect the customized strategies of the respective plans. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed income Real estate Annuities and longevity swap Other 
 Significant Concentration Risks 
 We periodically evaluate our defined benefit pension plan assets for concentration risks. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any individual underlying asset position that composed a significant concentration of each plan's overall assets. However, we currently have significant plan assets invested in U.K., U.S. and Canadian government fixed income holdings. A provisional credit rating downgrade for any of these governments could negatively impact the asset values. 
 Further, as our benefit plans maintain exposure to non-government investments, a significant system-wide increase in credit spreads would also negatively impact the reported plan asset values. In general, equity and fixed income risks have been mitigated by company-specific concentration limits and by utilizing multiple equity managers. We do have significant amounts of assets invested with individual fixed income and hedge fund managers, therefore, the plans use outside investment consultants to aid in the oversight of these managers and fund performance. 
 Valuation Techniques 
 We use a variety of industry accepted valuation techniques to value our plan assets. The techniques vary depending upon instrument type. Whenever possible, we prioritize the use of observable market data in our valuation processes. We use market, income and cost approaches to value our plan assets as of period end. See Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information on our fair value methodologies and accounting policies. We have not changed our fair value techniques used to value plan assets this year. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

99 

Table of Contents 

 Trades awaiting settlement Bank deposits, short-term bills and notes Debt Government debt securities Corporate debt securities Interest and inflation linked assets Collateralized debt securities Annuities and Longevity Swap Buy-in annuities and longevity swap Other Repurchase agreements ) ) Recoverable taxes Private equity Total fair value of investments excluding NAV per share practical expedient ) 
 The following presents our total fair value of plan assets including the NAV per share practical expedient for our defined benefit pension plan assets: 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In millions) Fair value of investments excluding NAV per share practical expedient Fair value of investments using NAV per share practical expedient Debt funds Equity funds Real estate funds Private equity funds Hedge funds Total fair value of plan assets 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Trades awaiting settlement Bank deposits, short-term bills and notes Debt Government securities Corporate debt securities Interest and inflation linked assets Annuities Buy-in annuities Other Repurchase agreements ) ) Recoverable taxes Private equity Total fair value of investments excluding NAV per share practical expedient ) 
 
 The following presents our fair value hierarchy including the NAV per share practical expedient for our defined benefit pension plan assets: 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In millions) Fair value of investments excluding NAV per share practical expedient Fair value of investments using NAV per share practical expedient Debt funds Equity funds Real estate funds Private equity funds Hedge funds Total fair value of plan assets 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Total gain or loss (realized/unrealized) Realized gain (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) included in AOCI ) Purchases, issuances, settlements ) Foreign exchange translation (loss)/gain ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Total gain or loss (realized/unrealized) Realized gain (loss) ) Unrealized gain (loss) included in AOCI ) Purchases, issuances, settlements ) Foreign exchange translation (loss)/gain ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Expected Cash Flows 
 Defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors, including actual plan asset returns and interest rates. We fund pension plans to meet the requirements set forth in applicable employee benefits laws. We took and continue to take steps to reduce our exposure to our pension obligations. Such steps include the closure of the U.K. and U.S. pension plans to future earnings of service credit, benefit modifications in certain Canada plans and the entering into of buy-in and buy-out contracts for certain plans. We may also voluntarily increase funding levels to meet financial goals. Our U.K. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every . The most recent valuation as of June 30, 2022 indicated that the plan does not have a funding deficit relative to the plan's statutory funding objective, and therefore, no MCBC contributions are currently required. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, we expect to make contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of approximately million and benefit payments under our OPEB plans of approximately million based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we anticipate utilizing approximately million of surplus from certain Canadian defined benefit pension plans to fund employer contributions to certain Canadian defined contribution plans. BRI and BDL contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here, as they are not consolidated in our financial statements. Plan funding strategies are influenced by employee benefits, tax laws and plan governance documents. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 We offer defined contribution plans for the majority of our U.S., Canadian and U.K. employees. The investment strategy for defined contribution plans are determined by each individual participant from the options we have made available as the plan sponsor. U.S. non-union employees are eligible to participate in qualified defined contribution plans which provide for employer contributions ranging from to of eligible compensation (certain employees were also eligible for additional 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 of employee compensation and in Canada plans range from to . Both employee and employer contributions are made in cash in accordance with participant investment elections. 
 We recognized costs associated with defined contribution plans of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

12. 
 Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 State Foreign ) ) Total current tax (benefit) expense Deferred Federal State ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense ) Total income tax (benefit) expense 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefits ) ) Effect of foreign tax rates ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign tax law and rate changes ) ) Effect of unrecognized tax benefits ) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) ) Goodwill impairment ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Effective tax rate / Tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 The decrease in the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 when compared to the statutory rate was primarily due to the impact of the million partial goodwill impairment, recorded within our Americas segment in the fourth quarter of 2022, which related to goodwill not deductible for tax purposes. 
 The decrease to the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 when compared to the statutory rate was primarily due to the release of million of reserves for unrecognized tax benefit positions recognized in the third quarter of 2021. The reserve release included amounts for an income tax audit settlement, net of changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions, as well as amounts for the expiration of statutes of limitations. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2021, the U.K. government enacted, and royal assent was received for, legislation to increase the corporate income tax rate from 19 to 25 . Remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities under the higher income tax rate resulted in the recognition of additional discrete tax expense of approximately million in the second quarter of 2021. 
 The decrease to the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2020 when compared to the statutory rate was primarily due to the impact of the million goodwill impairment, recorded within our EMEA APAC segment in the fourth quarter of 2020, of which a majority related to nondeductible goodwill. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2020, we recognized approximately million of tax expense following the enactment of the final U.S. tax hybrid regulations. 
 Additionally, our foreign businesses operate in jurisdictions with statutory income tax rates that differ from the U.S. Federal statutory rate. Specifically, the statutory income tax rates in the countries in Europe in which we operate range from to , and Canada has a combined federal and provincial statutory income tax rate of approximately . 
 Pension and postretirement benefits Tax credit carryforwards Tax loss carryforwards Accrued liabilities and other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Fixed assets Partnerships and investments Intangible assets Derivative instruments Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 million and U.S. tax losses that may be carried forward indefinitely of million. We have foreign tax loss and credit carryforwards that expire between 2023 and 2042 of million and foreign tax losses that may be carried forward indefinitely of million. 
 Foreign deferred tax assets Foreign deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 The total foreign deferred tax assets above are presented within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and domestic and foreign deferred tax liabilities above are presented within deferred tax liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The deferred tax liability amounts as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 excluded million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that have been recorded as a reduction of deferred tax assets, which is presented within deferred tax liabilities due to jurisdictional netting on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions related to the current year ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Release due to statute expirations ) ) Foreign currency adjustment ) Balance at end of year 
 Our remaining unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, relate to tax years that are currently open to examination. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we have remaining unrecognized tax benefits recorded within other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets of million and million, respectively. The remaining balance of our unrecognized tax benefits is recorded within deferred tax liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Annual tax provisions include amounts considered sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examination of prior year tax returns; however, the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues may differ materially from the amount accrued. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income taxes on our consolidated statements of operation. Expense (benefit) recognized on interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020 was ) million, million and million, respectively. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual, inclusive of interest and penalties, would result in a benefit of million. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million, including interest, in the third quarter of 2021. The cash tax payment associated with the settlement, after application of available net operating losses, was made in the fourth quarter of 2021 which totaled approximately million. As of the fourth quarter of 2022, we do not anticipate material changes to our remaining unrecognized tax benefit position within the next 12 months. 
 We file income tax returns in most of the federal, state and provincial jurisdictions in the U.S., Canada and various countries in Europe. Tax years through 2013 are closed in the U.S. In Canada, tax years through 2017 are closed or have been settled through examination except for issues relating to intercompany cross-border transactions. The statute of limitations for intercompany cross-border transactions is closed through tax year 2014. Tax years through 2014 are closed for most European jurisdictions in which we operate, with statutes of limitations varying from to years for most jurisdictions. 
 When cash is available after satisfying working capital needs and all other business obligations, we may distribute current earnings and the associated cash from a foreign subsidiary to its U.S. parent, and record the tax impact associated with the distribution. However, to the extent current earnings of our foreign operations exist and are not otherwise distributed or planned to be distributed, such earnings accumulate. These accumulated earnings are not considered permanently reinvested in our foreign operations. The taxes associated with any future repatriation of undistributed earnings are anticipated to be insignificant. 
 
 13. 
 million outstanding in letters of credit with financial institutions. These letters primarily expire throughout 2023 a nd million of the letters contain a feature that automatically renews the letter for an additional year if no cancellation notice is submitted. These letters of credit are being maintained as security for deferred compensation payments, reimbursements to insurance companies, reimbursements to the trustee for pension payments, deductibles or retention payments made on our behalf, various payments due to governmental agencies, operations of underground storage tanks and other general business purposes and are not included on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Guarantees and Indemnities 
 We guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity method investments and consolidated subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the consolidated balance sheets include liabilities related to these guarantees of million and million, respectively. See Note 3, "Investments" for further detail. 
 Kaiser 
 In 2006, we sold our entire equity interest in our Brazilian unit, Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. ("Kaiser") to FEMSA Cerveza S.A. de C.V. ("FEMSA"). The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for certain exposures related to tax, civil and labor contingencies arising prior to FEMSA's purchase of Kaiser. In addition, we provided an indemnity to FEMSA for losses Kaiser may incur with respect to tax claims associated with certain previously utilized purchased tax credits. We settled a portion of our tax credit indemnity obligation during 2010. The maximum potential claims amount for the remainder of the purchased tax credits was million as of December 31, 2022. Our total estimate of the indemnity liability as of December 31, 2022 was million which is classified as non-current. 
 Our estimates consider a number of scenarios for the ultimate resolution of these issues, the probabilities of which are influenced not only by legal developments in Brazil but also by management's intentions with regard to various alternatives that could present themselves leading to the ultimate resolution of these issues. The liabilities are impacted by changes in estimates regarding amounts that could be paid, the timing of such payments, adjustments to the probabilities assigned to various scenarios and foreign currency exchange rates. Our indemnity also covers fees and expenses that Kaiser incurs to manage the cases through the administrative and judicial systems. 
 Additionally, we also provided FEMSA with indemnity related to all other tax, civil and labor contingencies existing as of the date of sale. In this regard, however, FEMSA assumed their full share of all of these contingent liabilities that had been previously recorded and disclosed by us prior to the sale on January 13, 2006. However, we may have to provide indemnity to FEMSA if those contingencies settle at amounts greater than those amounts previously recorded or disclosed by us. We will be able to offset any indemnity exposures in these circumstances with amounts that settle favorably to amounts previously recorded. Our exposure related to these indemnity claims is capped at the amount of the sales price of the equity interest of Kaiser, which was million. As a result of these contract provisions, our estimates include not only probability-weighted 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 million as of December 31, 2022, which was classified as non-current. For the remaining portion of our indemnity obligations, not deemed probable, we continue to utilize probability-weighted scenarios in determining the value of the indemnity obligations. 
 Future settlement procedures and related negotiation activities associated with these contingencies are largely outside of our control. The sale agreement requires annual cash settlements relating to the tax, civil and labor indemnities. Due to the uncertainty involved with the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying values of the indemnity obligations have been recorded to date and additional future adjustments may be required. These liabilities are denominated in Brazilian Reais and are therefore, subject to foreign exchange gains or losses. As a result, these foreign exchange gains and losses are the only impacts recorded within other non-operating income (expense), net. 
 Foreign exchange impacts ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Foreign exchange impacts ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Foreign exchange impacts Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Purchase Obligations 
 We have various long-term supply contracts and distribution agreements with unaffiliated third parties and our joint venture partners to purchase materials used in production and packaging and to provide distribution services. The supply contracts provide that we purchase certain minimum levels of materials throughout the terms of the contracts. Additionally, we have various long-term non-cancelable commitments for advertising, sponsorships and promotions, including marketing at sports arenas, stadiums and other venues and events. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Total purchases under our long-term unconditional, non-cancellable supply and distribution contracts in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately billion , billion and billion, respectively. 
 Litigation, Other Disputes and Environmental 
 Related to litigation, other disputes and environmental issues, we had an aggregate accrued contingent liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. While we cannot predict the eventual aggregate cost for litigation, other disputes and environmental matters in which we are currently involved, we believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. Additionally, as noted below, there are certain loss 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 million in damages. The jury also found that no "willful" trademark infringement had occurred. The trial court subsequently denied Stone Brewing Company s motion for permanent injunction, motion for disgorgement of profits and motion for treble damages. Judgment was entered on September 8, 2022. Both parties filed post-trial motions, including MCBC USA s renewed motion for judgment as a matter of law or, in the alternative, a new trial and/or remittitur and Stone Brewing Company s motion for partial new trial of equitable issues. The court has taken those issues under advisement. Resolution of the remaining post-trial issues could alter or nullify the judgment. At the conclusion of these issues, either or both parties could appeal the case to the applicable federal appellate court. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a recorded accrued liability of million within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets reflecting the best estimate of probable loss in this case based on the judgment plus associated post-judgment interest. However, it is reasonably possible that the estimate of the loss could change in the near term based on the progression of the case, including any potential impact of the resolution of remaining post-trial issues, as well as any appeals process. We will continue to monitor the status of the case and will adjust the accrual in the period in which any significant change occurs which could impact the estimate of the loss for this matter. 
 Regulatory Contingencies 
 In June 2019, the Ontario government adopted a bill that, if enacted, would terminate a Master Framework Agreement that was originally signed in 2015 between the previous government administration and Molson Canada 2005, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of our Company, Labatt Brewing Company Limited, Sleeman Breweries Ltd., and Brewers Retail Inc. and dictates the terms of the beer distribution and retail systems in Ontario through 2025. The government has not proclaimed the bill as law and the impacts of the potential legislative changes are unknown at this time but could have a negative impact on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of the Americas segment. Molson Canada 2005 and the other Master Framework Agreement signatories are prepared to vigorously defend our rights and pursue legal recourse, should the Master Framework Agreement be unilaterally terminated by the enactment of the 2019 legislation. The initial term of the Master Framework Agreement does not expire until December 31, 2025, and the Master Framework Agreement contains a provision requiring two-year advance notice of the government's intention to not renew the Master Framework Agreement. 
 Environmental 
 When we determine it is probable that a liability for environmental matters or other legal actions exists and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable, an estimate of the future costs is recorded as a liability in the financial statements. Costs that extend the life, increase the capacity or improve the safety or efficiency of our assets or are incurred to mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination may be capitalized. Other environmental costs are expensed when incurred. Total environmental expenditures recognized for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Americas 
 Our Canada brewing operations are subject to provincial environmental regulations and local permit requirements. Our Longueuil, Chilliwack and Toronto breweries have water treatment facilities to pre-treat waste water before it goes to the respective local governmental facility for final treatment. We have environmental programs in Canada including organization, monitoring and verification, regulatory compliance, reporting, education and training and corrective action. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 of million, a portion of which was put into a trust in 1993 as part of a settlement with Denver and Waste Management regarding the then-outstanding litigation. Our settlement was based on an assumed remediation cost of million (in 1992 adjusted dollars). We are obligated to pay a portion of future costs in excess of that amount. 
 Waste Management provides us with updated annual cost estimates through 2032. We review these cost estimates in the assessment of our accrual related to this issue. Our expected liability is based on our best estimates available. 
 Based on the assumptions utilized, the present value and gross amount of the costs as of December 31, 2022 are approximately million and million, respectively. C ost estimates were discounted using a risk-free rate of return. We did not assume any future recoveries from insurance companies in the estimate of our liability and none are expected. 
 Considering the estimates extend through the year 2032 and the related uncertainties at the site, including what additional remedial actions may be required by the EPA, new technologies and what costs we are required to cover, the estimate of our liability may change as further facts develop. We cannot predict the amount of any such change, but additional accruals in the future are possible. 
 Other 
 In prior years, we were notified by the EPA and certain state environmental divisions that we are a PRP, along with other parties, at the East Rutherford and Berry's Creek sites in New Jersey and the Chamblee site in Georgia. Certain former non-beer business operations, which we discontinued use of and subsequently sold, were involved at these sites. Potential losses associated with these sites could increase as remediation planning progresses. 
 We are aware of groundwater contamination at some of our properties in Colorado resulting from historical, ongoing, or nearby activities. There may also be other contamination of which we are currently unaware. 
 EMEA APAC 
 We are subject to the requirements of governmental and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations within each of the countries in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations did not materially affect our 2022 capital expenditures, results of operations or our financial or competitive position, and we do not currently anticipate that they will do so in 2023. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Shares issued under equity compensation plans Shares exchanged for common stock ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Shares issued under equity compensation plans Balance as of December 31, 2021 Shares issued under equity compensation plans Shares exchanged for common stock ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Exchangeable Shares 
 The Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares were issued by Molson Coors Canada Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. The exchangeable shares are substantially the economic equivalent of the corresponding shares of Class A and Class B common stock that a Molson shareholder would have received in the merger of Adolph Coors Company with Molson Inc. in February 2005, if the holder had elected to receive shares of Molson Coors common stock. Exchangeable shareholders receive the CAD equivalent of dividends declared on Class A and B common stock on the date of declaration. Holders of exchangeable shares also receive, through a voting trust, the benefit of Molson Coors voting rights, entitling the holder to vote on the same basis and in the same circumstances as one corresponding share of Molson Coors common stock. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of record of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares is entitled to vote for each share held, without the ability to cumulate votes on the election of directors. Our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock and holders of our Class A common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over company actions requiring stockholder approval. Specifically, holders of Class B common stock voting together as a single class have the right to elect directors of the Molson Coors Board of Directors, as well as the right to vote on certain additional matters as outlined in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended, the Certificate ), such as merger agreements that require approval under applicable law, sales of all or substantially all of our assets to unaffiliated third parties, proposals to dissolve MCBC, and certain amendments to the Certificate that require approval under applicable law, each as further described and limited by the Certificate. The Certificate also provides that holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall vote together as a single class, on an advisory basis, on any proposal to approve the compensation of MCBC's named executive officers. 
 Conversion Rights 
 -for-one basis for corresponding shares of Molson Coors common stock. Therefore, a portion of our authorized and unissued Class A and Class B common shares are reserved to meet exchange requirements. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 15.) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Gain (loss) on net investment hedges ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) ) Reclassification of derivative (gain) loss to income (loss) ) ) Net change in pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities ) ) Pension and other postretirement prior service (benefit) cost and net actuarial (gain) loss amortization and settlements to income (loss) ) ) Ownership share of unconsolidated subsidiaries' other comprehensive income (loss) Tax benefit (expense) ) As of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment (1) 
 Gain (loss) on net investment hedges Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments Reclassification of derivative (gain) loss to income (loss) Net change in pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities Pension and other postretirement prior service (benefit) cost and net actuarial (gain) loss amortization and settlements to income (loss) Ownership share of unconsolidated subsidiaries' other comprehensive income (loss) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment (1) 
 Gain (loss) on net investment hedges Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments Reclassification of derivative (gain) loss to income (loss) Net change in pension and other postretirement benefit assets and liabilities ) ) Pension and other postretirement prior service (benefit) cost and net actuarial (gain) loss amortization and settlements to income (loss) ) ) Ownership share of unconsolidated subsidiaries' other comprehensive income (loss) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) As a result of the sale of a disposal group within our India business for the year ended December 31, 2021, the associated cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment was reclassified from AOCI and recognized within other operating income (expense), net. As a result of the completion of the sale of our non-operating India entity during 2022, the associated cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment was reclassified from AOCI and recognized within other operating income (expense), net. 
 We have significant levels of net assets denominated in currencies other than the USD due to our operations in foreign countries, and therefore we recognize OCI gains and/or losses when those items are translated to USD. The foreign currency translation adjustment losses during 2022 were primarily due to the weakening of the CAD, GBP, EUR and certain other currencies of our Europe operations versus the USD. The foreign currency translation losses recognized during 2021 were primarily due to the weakening of the GBP, EUR and certain other currencies of our Europe operations versus the USD. The 
 111 

Table of Contents ) ) Interest expense, net Foreign currency forwards ) Cost of goods sold Foreign currency forwards ) ) Other non-operating income (expense), net Total income (loss) reclassified, before tax ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net income (loss) reclassified, net of tax ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plan items Prior service benefit (cost) Other pension and postretirement benefits (costs), net Net actuarial gain (loss) and settlement ) Other pension and postretirement benefits (costs), net Total income (loss) reclassified, before tax ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) reclassified, net of tax ) Other reclassifications from AOCI to Income India cumulative translation adjustment resulting from sale of disposal group ) ) Other operating income (expense), net Net income (loss) reclassified, net of tax ) ) Total income (loss) reclassified, net of tax ) ) 
 
 16. 
 share-based compensation plan, the MCBC Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Incentive Compensation Plan"), as of December 31, 2022 and all outstanding awards fall under this plan. 
 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 We issue the following types of awards related to shares of Class B common stock to certain directors, officers and other eligible employees, pursuant to the Incentive Compensation Plan: RSUs, DSUs, PSUs and stock options. 
 RSU awards are issued based upon the market value equal to the price of our stock at the date of the grant and generally vest over a period of . In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted million, million and million RSUs, respectively, with a weighted-average market value of , and each, respectively. Prior to vesting, RSUs have no voting rights. 
 DSU awards, under the Directors' Stock Plan pursuant to the Incentive Compensation Plan, are elections made by non-employee directors of MCBC that enable them to receive all or one-half of their annual cash retainer payments in our stock. The DSU awards are issued at the market value equal to the price of our stock at the date of the grant. The DSUs are paid in shares of stock upon termination of service. Prior to vesting, DSUs have no voting rights. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted a small 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 , and per share, respectively. 
 PSU awards are granted with a target value established at the date of grant and vest upon completion of a service requirement. The settlement amount of the PSUs is determined based on market and performance metrics, which include our total shareholder return performance relative to the stock market index defined by each award and specified internal performance metrics designed to drive greater shareholder return. PSU compensation expense is based on fair values assigned to the market and performance metrics upon grant. The market metric is based upon a Monte Carlo model, with the market metric remaining constant throughout the vesting period of . The performance metric is based upon the market value equal to the price of our stock at the date of the grant for the 2022 award and a Monte Carlo model for all previous awards, varying based on a multiplier determined based on changing estimates of the performance metric projected attainment. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted million, million and million PSUs, respectively, each with a weighted-average fair value of , and , respectively. 
 Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the market value of a share of Class B common stock on the date of grant. Stock options have a term of and generally vest over . During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted million, million and million options, respectively, each with a weighted-average fair value of , and , respectively. 
 Certain RSU and PSU awards granted in 2020 and beyond entitle participants to receive dividends earned during the vesting period, subject to the performance, vesting and other conditions, including forfeiture, applicable to the respective awards. 
 Tax benefit ) ) ) After-tax share-based compensation expense 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost from all share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Incentive Compensation Plan related to unvested awards. This total compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Adjustment for performance results achieved ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 
 The total intrinsic values of RSUs and DSUs vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 The total intrinsic values of exercises during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. Total tax benefits realized, including excess tax benefits, from share-based awards vested or exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The shares of Class B common stock to be issued under our equity plans are made available from authorized and unissued MCBC Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares of MCBC Class B common stock available for issuance under the Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 Dividend yield Volatility range - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average volatility Expected term (years) Weighted-average fair value 
 The risk-free interest rates utilized for periods throughout the contractual life of the stock options are based on a zero-coupon U.S. Department of Treasury security yield at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and implied volatility of our stock. The expected term of stock options is estimated based upon observations of historical employee option exercise patterns and trends of those employees granted options in the respective year. 
 Volatility range - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average volatility Expected term (years) Weighted-average fair market value 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 respective award. 
 
 17. ) ) Asset abandonment and other restructuring costs (2)(3) 
 ) ) ) Intangible and tangible asset impairments, excluding goodwill (4) 
 ) ) ) Gains and (losses) on other disposals (5) 
 Other operating income (expense), net ) ) ) 
 (1) See the restructuring section within this footnote for a summary of our restructuring activities. 
 (2) A significant portion of asset abandonment and other restructuring costs consists of accelerated depreciation, which is in excess of normal depreciation. There was accelerated depreciation recorded to Other operating income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million and million recorded to Other operating income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, we incurred accelerated depreciation related to the Montreal brewery closure which occurred during the fourth quarter of 2021. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred accelerated depreciation for our Burtonwood and Japan locations and during the year ended December 31, 2020, we incurred accelerated depreciation for our Irwindale brewery. 
 (3) In January 2020, we announced plans to cease production at our Irwindale, California brewery. On May 4, 2020, Pabst exercised its option to purchase the Irwindale brewery, including plant, equipment and machinery and the underlying land for million and the transaction was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. Charges associated with the brewery closure for the year ended December 31, 2020 totaled million, excluding the fourth quarter of 2020 gain on sale of the brewery of million. The charges for the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily consisted of accelerated depreciation, of million and employee related costs of retention and severance of million. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified a triggering event related to the Truss joint venture asset group within our Americas segment and recognized an impairment loss of million, of which million was attributable to the noncontrolling interest. The asset group was measured at fair value primarily using a market approach with Level 3 inputs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an impairment loss of million related to the held for sale classification of the remaining portion of our India business. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded aggregate impairment losses of million related to certain regional craft brand definite-lived intangible assets and aggregate impairment losses of million related to those regional craft brand definite-lived tangible assets in our Americas segment. The estimates and assumptions used to determine the fair value represent Level 3 measurements. In addition, we recognized an impairment loss of million related to the held for sale classification of a disposal group within our India business, representing an insignificant part of our EMEA APAC segment. The held for sale disposal group was measured at fair value on a 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 million and another tranche selling in the third quarter of 2022 resulting in a gain of million. 
 million on the sale of a disposal group within our India business. The loss included the reclassification of the associated cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment losses from AOCI into other operating income (expense), net at the time of sale. See Note 15, "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)" 
 Restructuring Activities 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, as part of our revitalization plan, we made the determination to establish Chicago, Illinois as our Americas segment operational headquarters, close our office in Denver, Colorado and consolidate certain administrative functions into our other existing office locations. The restructuring actions related to the revitalization plan were substantially complete as of December 31, 2021. After taking into account all changes in each of the business units, including the EMEA APAC segment, the revitalization plan has reduced employment levels, in aggregate, by approximately employees globally. 
 In connection with these consolidation activities, we incurred cash and non-cash restructuring charges related to severance, retention and transition costs, employee relocation, non-cash asset related costs, lease impairment and exit costs in connection with our office lease in Denver, Colorado, and other transition activities, the majority of which were cash charges that we began recognizing in the fourth quarter of 2019. During 2021 and 2020, we recognized severance and retention cash charges of million and million, respectively, bringing the aggregate of such charges to approximately million in total since the plan was initiated. Employee relocation charges were recognized in the period incurred and totaled million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, during 2020, we recognized aggregate impairment losses of million, related to the closure of the office facility in Denver, Colorado, including our lease right-of-use asset, in light of the sublease market outlook during such periods as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. No further impairment was recorded as a result of signing the sublease agreements during the second quarter of 2021. 
 In addition to our revitalization plan, our restructuring also includes other strategic exit activities such as the disposal or wind down of certain brewery locations. We continually evaluate our cost structure and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings as part of ongoing and new initiatives. As such, we may incur additional restructuring related charges or adjustments to previously recorded charges in the future; however, we are unable to estimate the amount of charges at this time. 
 Charges incurred and changes in estimates Payments made ) ) ) Foreign currency and other adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2020 Charges incurred and changes in estimates Payments made ) ) ) Foreign currency and other adjustments ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Charges incurred and changes in estimates ) Payments made ) ) ) Foreign currency and other adjustments ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 116 

Table of Contents 

18. 
 
 Reporting Segments 
 Americas 
 The Americas segment consists of our production, marketing and sales of our brands and other owned and licensed brands in the U.S., Canada and various countries in the Caribbean, Latin and South America. We have contract brewing agreements to brew, package, market, distribute and/or sell certain products in the Americas as well as joint venture arrangements in Canada to distribute and sell beer in Ontario and the western provinces of Canada. 
 EMEA APAC 
 The EMEA APAC segment consists of our production, marketing and sales of our primary brands as well as other owned and licensed brands in the U.K., Central Europe and various other European countries, along with certain countries within the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. In our EMEA APAC segment, we also have licensing agreements and distribution agreements with various other brewers. 
 Unallocated 
 "Unallocated" activity primarily includes financing-related costs such as interest expense and income, foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances related to financing and other treasury-related activities, and the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships recorded within cost of goods sold, which are later reclassified when realized to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides. Additionally, only the service cost component of net periodic pension and OPEB cost is reported within each operating segment and all other components remain unallocated. 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Consolidated net sales represent sales to third-party external customers less excise taxes. Inter-segment transactions impacting net sales and income (loss) before income taxes eliminate upon consolidation and are primarily related to the Americas segment royalties received from, and sales to the EMEA APAC segment. 

117 

Table of Contents 

 ) Equity income (loss) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to MCBC ) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Americas EMEA APAC Unallocated Inter-segment net sales eliminations Consolidated (In millions) Net sales ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Income (loss) before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net income (loss) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to MCBC 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 Americas EMEA APAC Unallocated Inter-segment net sales eliminations Consolidated (In millions) Net sales ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to MCBC ) 

118 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA APAC Consolidated 
 Canada United Kingdom Other foreign countries (1) 
 Consolidated net sales 
 (1) Reflects net sales within certain countries in Europe, Latin America, South America, the Middle East, Africa and Asia. No individual country has total net sales exceeding 10 of total consolidated net sales. 
 Canada United Kingdom Other foreign countries (1) 
 Consolidated net properties and operating ROU assets 
 (1) Reflects net properties and operating ROU assets within certain countries in Europe, Latin America, South America, Africa and Asia. No individual country has total net properties or operating ROU assets exceeding of total consolidated net properties or operating ROU assets, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applies its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such disclosure controls and procedures that, by their nature, can only provide reasonable assurance regarding management's control objectives. Also, we have investments in certain unconsolidated entities that we do not control or manage. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 An independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report which appears in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes information about the Incentive Compensation Plan as of December 31, 2022. All outstanding awards shown in the table below relate to our Class B common stock. 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (Column A) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column A) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 3,684,753 57.14 4,884,400 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A Total 3,684,753 57.14 4,884,400 
 (1) Under the Incentive Compensation Plan, we may issue RSUs, DSUs, PSUs and stock options. The number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding awards includes 1,299,571 RSUs and DSUs, 904,290 PSUs (assuming the target award is met) and 1,480,892 options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16, "Share-Based Payments" for further discussion. Outstanding RSUs, DSUs and PSUs do not have exercise prices and therefore have been disregarded for purposes of calculating the weighted-average exercise price. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits 
 The following are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Management's Report 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 (3) Exhibit list 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed/Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Document Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Molson Coors Beverage Company, as amended to date. 
 10-K 3.1 February 12, 2020 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Molson Coors Beverage Company . 
 8-K 3.1 May 23, 2022 4.1.1 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 10-K 4.1.1 February 12, 2020 4.1.2 Specimen Class B Common Stock Certificate 
 10-K 4.1.2 February 12, 2020 4.2.1 Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 May 3, 2012 4.2.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2012, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 May 3, 2012 4.2.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2012, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 4.8 August 8, 2012 4.2.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2016, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 June 28, 2016 4.2.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2016, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 
 10-Q 4.9 November 1, 2016 4.2.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2016, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 
 10-Q 4.10 November 1, 2016 4.2.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 11, 2016, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-K 4.2.7 February 14, 2017 4.2.8 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2018, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 
 10-K 4.1.8 February 14, 2018 4.2.9 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2020, to the Indenture dated May 3, 2012, by and among Molson Coors Beverage Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 4.1 October 29, 2020 4.3 Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2042. 
 8-K 4.2 May 3, 2012 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2005, by and among Adolph Coors Company, Pentland Securities (1981) Inc., 4280661 Canada Inc., Nooya Investments Ltd., Lincolnshire Holdings Limited, 4198832 Canada Inc., BAX Investments Limited, 6339522 Canada Inc., Barleycorn Investments Ltd., DJS Holdings Ltd., 6339549 Canada Inc., Hoopoe Holdings Ltd., 6339603 Canada Inc., and The Adolph Coors, Jr. Trust dated September 12, 1969. 
 8-K 99.2 February 15, 2005 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed/Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Document Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.5.1 Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 July 7, 2016 4.5.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and paying agent. 
 8-K 4.2 July 7, 2016 4.5.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 July 7, 2016 4.5.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 
 10-Q 4.14 November 1, 2016 4.5.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 
 10-Q 4.15 November 1, 2016 4.5.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 11, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-K 4.5.6 February 14, 2017 4.5.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2018, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-K 4.8.7 February 14, 2018 4.5.8 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2020, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors Beverage Company, the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 4.3 October 29, 2020 4.6 Form of 1.250 Senior Notes due 2024. 
 8-K 4.2 July 7, 2016 4.7 Form of 3.000 Senior Notes due 2026 . 
 8-K 4.3 July 7, 2016 4.8 Form of 4.200 Senior Notes due 2046. 
 8-K 4.3 July 7, 2016 4.9.1 Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, Molson Coors Brewing Company, as parent, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.9 July 7, 2016 4.9.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, Molson Coors Brewing Company, as parent, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 8-K 4.10 July 7, 2016 4.9.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 
 10-Q 4.7 November 1, 2016 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed/Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Document Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.9.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 
 10-Q 4.8 November 1, 2016 4.9.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 11, 2016, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 10-K 4.11.5 February 14, 2017 4.9.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2018, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 10-K 4.14.6 February 14, 2018 4.9.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2020, to the Indenture dated July 7, 2016, by and among Molson Coors International LP, the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee. 
 10-Q 4.4 October 29, 2020 4.10 Form of 2.840 Senior Notes due 2023. 
 8-K 4.10 July 7, 2016 4.11 Form of 3.440 Senior Notes due 2026. 
 8-K 4.10 July 7, 2016 4.12 Description of Registrant's Securities. 
 
 10-K 4.18 February 12, 2020 10.1 Amended and Restated Molson Coors Brewing Company Directors' Stock Plan effective May 31, 2012. 
 10-Q 10.7 August 8, 2012 10.2.1 Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 8-K 10.1 May 28, 2021 10.2.2 Form of Long-Term Incentive Performance Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted prior to 2020. 
 
 10-K 10.2.2 February 14, 2017 10.2.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted prior to 2020 . 
 
 10-K 10.2.3 February 14, 2017 10.2.4 Form of Directors DSU Award Statement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 10-K 10.2.4 February 14, 2017 10.2.5 Form of Directors RSU Award Statement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted prior to 2020 . 
 10-Q 10.6 November 7, 2008 10.2.6 Form of Stock Option pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 10-K 10.7.8 February 12, 2015 10.2.7 Form of Long-Term Incentive Performance Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2020. 
 10-K 10.2.7 February 23, 2022 10.2.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2020. 
 10-K 10.2.8 February 23, 2022 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed/Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Document Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.2.9 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2020. 
 10-K 10.2.9 February 23, 2022 10.2.10 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2020. 
 10-K 10.2.10 February 23, 2022 10.2.11 Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2020. 
 10-K 10.2.11 February 23, 2022 10.2.12 Form of Long-Term Incentive Performance Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2022. 
 10-Q 10.1 May 3, 2022 10.2.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan for awards granted beginning in 2022 applicable to Gavin D.K. Hattersley. 
 10-Q 10.2 May 3, 2022 10.2.14 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Molson Coors Beverage Company Incentive Compensation Plan awards granted beginning in 2022 applicable to Gavin D.K. Hattersley. 
 10-Q 10.3 May 3, 2022 10.3 Form of Executive Continuity and Protection Program Letter Agreement . 
 10-Q 10.7 May 11, 2005 10.4 Molson Coors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2018. 
 8-K 10.1 May 25, 2018 10.5 Molson Coors Brewing Company Amended and Restated Change in Control Protection Program dated as of July 18, 2019. 
 8-K 10.1 July 24, 2019 10.6 Offer Letter, dated as of November 22, 2016, by and between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Tracey Joubert. 
 8-K 10.1 November 25, 2016 10.7 Offer Letter, dated as of July 30, 2019, by and between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Gavin D.K. Hattersley. 
 
 8-K 10.1 July 31, 2019 10.8 Executive Employment Offer Letters, dated November 17, 2019 and January 12, 2019, by and between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Michelle St. Jacques. 
 10-Q 10.3 April 30, 2020 10.9 Offer Letter, dated as of November 17, 2019, by and between Molson Coors Beverage Company and Pete Marino. 
 10-Q 10.4 May 3, 2022 10.10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2017, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the borrowing subsidiaries party thereto, CitiBank, N.A., as administrative agent and a U.S. issuing bank, Bank of America, N.A., as a U.S. issuing bank, The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD. as a U.S. issuing bank, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, and The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and Bank of America, N.A. and The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. as Co-Syndication Agents. 
 8-K 10.1 July 13, 2017 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed/Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Document Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.10.2 Amendment No. 1 and Extension Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2018, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, Molson Canada 2005, Molson Coors Canada Inc. and Molson Coors International LP, the lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
 8-K 10.1 July 19, 2018 10.10.3 Extension Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2019, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the Lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 10.1 July 8, 2019 10.10.4 Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 19, 2020, by and among Molson Coors Beverage Company, Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, Molson Canada 2005, Molson Coors Canada Inc. and Molson Coors International LP, the lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 10.1 June 22, 2020 10.10.5 Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and among Molson Coors Beverage Company, Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, Molson Canada 2005, Molson Coors Canada, Inc., Molson Coors International LP and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 10.1 October 7, 2021 10.10.6 Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2017, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the subsidiaries named on Schedule I thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 10.2 July 13, 2017 10.10.7 Supplement No. 1, dated as of January 11, 2018, to the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated July 7, 2017, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the subsidiaries named on Schedule I thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-K 10.8.3 February 14, 2018 10.10.8 Supplement No. 2, dated as of January 14, 2019, to the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated July 7, 2017, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, the subsidiaries named on Schedule I thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-K 10.7.5 February 12, 2019 10.10.9 Supplement No. 3, dated as of August 31, 2020, to the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated July 7, 2017, by and among Molson Coors Beverage Company, the subsidiaries named on Schedule I thereto, and Citibank N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-Q 10.1 October 29, 2020 10.11 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement 
 8-K 10.3 July 13, 2017 10.12 Form of Amendment to Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement 
 X 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 22 Molson Coors Beverage Company List of Parent Issuer and Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 X 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 X 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 X 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 X 32 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 
 XX 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Filed/Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Document Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 
 Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Noncontrolling Interests, (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) document and entity information. 
 
 X Filed herewith 
 XX Furnished herewith 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The exhibits included in Item 15(a)(3) above are filed or incorporated by reference pursuant to the requirements of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 (c) Other Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Deferred tax valuation account Year ended: December 31, 2022 ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 Deduction amounts related to inventories are write-offs of obsolete inventories and supplies. Deduction amounts related to the deferred tax valuation allowance are primarily due to the utilization of capital loss and operating loss carryforwards and re-evaluations of deferred tax assets. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY 
 By /s/ GAVIN D.K. HATTERSLEY President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Gavin D.K. Hattersley 
 February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. By /s/ GAVIN D.K. HATTERSLEY President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Gavin D.K. Hattersley By /s/ TRACEY I. JOUBERT Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Tracey I. Joubert By /s/ ROXANNE M. STELTER Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Roxanne M. Stelter By /s/ PETER H. COORS Chairman Peter H. Coors By /s/ ANDREW T. MOLSON Vice Chairman Andrew T. Molson By /s/ JULIA M. BROWN Director Julia M. Brown By /s/ DAVID S. COORS Director David S. Coors By /s/ ROGER G. EATON Director Roger G. Eaton By /s/ MARY LYNN FERGUSON-MCHUGH Director Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh By /s/ CHARLES M. HERINGTON Director Charles M. Herington By /s/ GEOFFREY E. MOLSON Director Geoffrey E. Molson By /s/ NESSA O'SULLIVAN Director Nessa O'Sullivan By /s/ H. SANFORD RILEY Director H. Sanford Riley By /s/ LEROY J. WILLIAMS, JR. Director Leroy J. Williams, Jr. By /s/ LOUIS VACHON Director Louis Vachon By /s/ JAMES A. WINNEFELD, JR. Director James A. Winnefeld, Jr. 
 February 21, 2023 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 tapex1012_2022123110-k.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 Exhibit 10.12 

 Amendment to Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement 
 This Amendment to Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement (this Amendment ), dated as of , is entered into between Molson Coors Beverage Company, a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Molson Coors Brewing Company, the Issuer and INSERT BANK (the Dealer ). This Amendment amends that certain Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated as of July 12, 2017 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Dealer Agreement ), between the Issuer and the Dealer, relating to the offering and sale by the Issuer in the United States of commercial paper in the form of short-term promissory notes, as described below. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Dealer Agreement. 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto are parties to the Dealer Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Dealer Agreement as more fully set forth below (i) in connection with the replacement of the Issuing and Paying Agent with respect to the Notes and (ii) to make certain other changes in the Dealer Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendment of the Dealer Agreement . On and after the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Dealer Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 
 a. The language Concerning Notes to be issued pursuant to an Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement dated as of March 19, 2013 between the Issuer and Bank of America, National Association, as Issuing and Paying Agent on the cover page to the Dealer Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety with respect to Notes issued on or after September 20, 2022 with Concerning Notes to be issued pursuant to the Commercial Paper Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2022, between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as Issuing and Paying Agent . 
 
 a. The following language shall be added at the end of the introductory paragraph of the Dealer Agreement 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the terms Note and Notes in this Agreement shall, where applicable, include any Note or Notes issued pursuant to the Commercial Paper Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement between the Issuer and Bank of America, National Association. 
 
 (c) The following definitions shall be added to Section 6 in proper alphabetical order 
 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 
 a. a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 

Exhibit 10.12 

 a. a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 
 a. a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Current Issuing and Paying Agent shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.10. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 Outstanding Notes shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.10. 
 
 Replacement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.10. 
 
 Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.10. 
 
 Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.10. 
 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (d) The definitions of Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and Issuing and Paying Agent in Section 6 shall be amended to read in their entirety as follows 
 
 Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement shall mean the issuing and paying agency agreement described on the cover page of this Agreement, or any replacement thereof, as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 Issuing and Paying Agent shall mean the party designated as such on the cover page of this Agreement, or any successor thereto or replacement thereof, as issuing and paying agent under the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. 
 
 (e) The following language shall be added as a new Section 7.10 
 
 7.10 (i) The parties hereto agree that the Issuer may, in accordance with the terms of this Section 7.10, from time to time replace the party which is then acting as Issuing and Paying Agent (the Current Issuing and Paying Agent with another party (such other party, the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent ), and enter into an agreement with the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent covering the provision of issuing and paying agency functions in respect of the Notes by the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent (the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement (any such replacement, a Replacement ). 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (ii) From and after the effective date of any Replacement, (A) to the extent that the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement provides that the Current Issuing and Paying Agent will continue to act in respect of Notes outstanding as of the effective date of such Replacement (the Outstanding Notes ), then (i) the Issuing and Paying Agent for the Notes shall be deemed to be the Current Issuing and Paying Agent, in respect of the Outstanding Notes, and the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, in respect of Notes issued on or after the Replacement, (ii) all references to the Issuing and Paying Agent hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the Current Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of the Outstanding Notes, and the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of Notes issued on or after the Replacement, and (iii) all references to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the existing Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, in respect of the Outstanding Notes, and the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, in respect of Notes issued on or after the Replacement and (B) to the extent that the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement does not provide that the Current Issuing and Paying Agent will continue to act in respect of the Outstanding Notes, then (i) the Issuing and Paying Agent for the Notes shall be deemed to be the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) all references to the Issuing and Paying Agent hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, and (iii) all references to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. 
 
 (iii) From and after the effective date of any Replacement, the Issuer shall not issue any Notes hereunder unless and until the Dealer shall have received (a) a copy of the executed Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, (b) a copy of the executed Letter of Representations among the Issuer, the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent and DTC, or a copy of the executed Swing Letter from the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent to DTC, as applicable, as required by DTC, (c) a copy of each executed Master Note authenticated by the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, (d) an amendment or supplement to or replacement of the Private Placement Memorandum describing the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent as the Issuing and Paying Agent for the Notes, and reflecting any other changes thereto necessary in light of the Replacement so that the Private Placement Memorandum, as amended, supplemented or replaced, satisfies the requirements of this Agreement, (e) a legal opinion of counsel to the Issuer, addressed to the Dealer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Dealer, as to (x) the due authorization, execution (as applicable), delivery, validity and enforceability of this Agreement, as amended if applicable, each Master Note, the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, and the Notes issued pursuant to the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, and (y) such other matters as the Dealer may reasonably request, and (f) such other certificates, opinions, letters and documents as the Dealer shall have reasonably requested. 
 
 (f) The following language shall be added as a new Section 7.11 
 
 7.11 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that 
 
 (a) In the event that the Dealer that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Dealer of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 
 (b) In the event that the Dealer that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Dealer becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against the Dealer are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 
 1. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date (the Amendment Effective Date when each of the parties hereto shall have received counterparts hereof signed by the other parties hereto. From and after the Amendment Effective Date, the Issuer shall not issue any Notes unless and until the Dealer shall have received (i) an executed copy of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement entered into by the Issuer and the replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Dealer, (ii) a copy of the executed Letter of Representations among the Issuer, the replacement Issuing and Paying Agent and DTC or a copy of the executed Swing Letter from the replacement Issuing and Paying Agent to DTC, as applicable, as required by DTC, (iii) a copy of each executed Master Note authenticated by the replacement Issuing and Paying Agent and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, (iv) an amendment or supplement to or replacement of the Private Placement Memorandum describing the replacement Issuing and Paying Agent as the Issuing and Paying Agent for the Notes, and reflecting any other changes thereto necessary in light of the replacement so that the Private Placement Memorandum, as amended, supplemented or replaced, satisfies the requirements of the Dealer Agreement, (v) a legal opinion of counsel to the Issuer, addressed to the Dealer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Dealer, as to (x) the due authorization, execution (as applicable), delivery, validity and enforceability of the Dealer Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Master Note, the replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes issued pursuant to the replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, and (y) such other matters as the Dealer may reasonably request, and (vi) such other certificates, opinions, letters and documents as the Dealer shall have reasonably requested. Upon the effectiveness hereof, all references in the Dealer Agreement to this Agreement or the like shall refer to the Dealer Agreement as amended hereby. 
 
 1. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 1. Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . The terms of Section 7.3 of the Dealer Agreement shall apply fully to this Amendment and are hereby incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 1. Counterparts . This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
 
 1. Severability . In case any provision in this Amendment is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall 

Exhibit 10.12 

 not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any provision in this Amendment that is invalid, illegal, prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality, prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating any remaining provision of this Amendment or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 1. Entire Agreement . This Amendment and the Dealer Agreement as further amended hereby constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as amended hereby, all of the terms of the Dealer Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed in all respects. 

Signature Pages Follow 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date and year first above written. 
 MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY, as Issuer By ________________________________ Name Title 
 
 INSERT BANK , as Dealer By __________________________________ Name _______________________________ Title ________________________________ 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21>
 3
 tapex21_20221231x10-k.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 The following table lists our significant subsidiaries and the respective jurisdictions of their organization or incorporation as of December 31, 2022. All subsidiaries listed below are included in our consolidated financial statements. Name State province country of organization or incorporation 3230600 Nova Scotia Company Nova Scotia CBC Holdco 2 LLC Colorado CBC Holdco 3, Inc. Colorado CBC Holdco LLC Colorado Coors Brewing Company d b a Molson Coors International Colorado Coors Distributing Company LLC Delaware Coors International Holdco 2, ULC Nova Scotia Golden Acquisition United Kingdom Molson Canada 2005 Ontario Molson Coors (Barbados) SRL Barbados Molson Coors (UK) Holdings LLP United Kingdom Molson Coors Beverage Company USA LLC Delaware Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited United Kingdom Molson Coors Callco ULC Nova Scotia Molson Coors Canada Holdco, ULC Nova Scotia Molson Coors Canada Inc. Canada Molson Coors Europe Holdings B.V. Netherlands Molson Coors Holdco Inc. Delaware Molson Coors Holdings Limited United Kingdom Molson Coors International General, ULC Nova Scotia Molson Coors International LP Delaware Molson Coors Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Molson Coors USA LLC Delaware Molson ULC British Columbia Newco3, Inc. Colorado Pivovary Staropramen s.r.o. Czech Republic Zagreba ka pivovara d.o.o. Croatia 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 4
 tapex22_2022123110-k.htm
 EX-22

Document 
 Exhibit 22 

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 LIST OF PARENT ISSUER AND GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The following companies of Molson Coors Beverage Company Obligor Group were, as of December 31, 2022, guarantors of the Company's 1.25 senior notes due 2024, 3.0 senior notes due 2026, 5.0 senior notes due 2042 and 4.2 senior notes due 2046 
 
 Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Parent Issuer Guarantor Molson Coors Beverage Company Delaware Parent Issuer CBC Holdco LLC Colorado Guarantor Subsidiary CBC Holdco 2 LLC Colorado Guarantor Subsidiary CBC Holdco 3, Inc. Colorado Guarantor Subsidiary Coors Brewing Company Colorado Guarantor Subsidiary Coors International Holdco 2, ULC Nova Scotia Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Coors Beverage Company USA LLC Delaware Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Coors USA LLC Delaware Guarantor Subsidiary Coors Distributing Company LLC Delaware Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Canada 2005 Ontario Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Coors Callco ULC Nova Scotia Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Coors Holdco, Inc. Delaware Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Coors International General, ULC Nova Scotia Guarantor Subsidiary Molson Coors International LP Delaware Guarantor Subsidiary Newco3, Inc. Colorado Guarantor Subsidiary 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 5
 tapex231_2022123110-k.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-124140, 333-122628, 333-110855, 333-110854, 033-40730, 333-103573, 333-59516, 333-38378, 333-166521, 333-183243, and 333-258263), Form S-3 (No. 333-120776) and Form S-3ASR (Nos. 333-223427 and 333-252988) of Molson Coors Beverage Company of our report dated February 21, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10 K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 tapex311_2022123110-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Gavin D.K. Hattersley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Molson Coors Beverage Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s GAVIN D.K. HATTERSLEY Gavin D.K. Hattersley 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 tapex312_2022123110-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Tracey I. Joubert, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Molson Coors Beverage Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s TRACEY I. JOUBERT Tracey I. Joubert 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 tapex32_2022123110-k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 FURNISHED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 AND FOR THE PURPOSE OF COMPLYING WITH RULE 13a-14(b) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors Beverage Company (the Company respectively, each hereby certifies that to his or her knowledge on the date hereof 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s GAVIN D.K. HATTERSLEY Gavin D.K. Hattersley 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 21, 2023 s TRACEY I. JOUBERT 
 Tracey I. Joubert 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 21, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tap-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tap-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tap-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tap-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tap-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

